                This small place is hiding next to BevMo, as others already mentioned it is indeed the best New York style pizza I had in the area.  The kids love pepperoni and I was glad to see that the pepperoni pizza here is less oily than in other places...as much as pepperoni pizza can be. I had the veggie pizza and it was delicious. They load it with garlic though so if you're not a garlic fan stay away from it! I enjoyed the garlic addition but the husband went for the mushroom slice and before he finished it he already ordered another slice.   The service is nice and fast, and they keep it clean, although I didn't like that our just cleaned table was wet; would appreciate it more if they dried the table after cleaning it. We were happy to see that the people behind the counter washed their hands constantly before touching the pizza. The cashier answered the phone several times and every time after hanging up he turned to the sink and washed his hands. There was a steady stream of people coming in to pick up their phone orders and many patrons around the tables in the restaurant at a late evening time enjoying their pizzas. It looks like the place has loyal clients who loves the place. I understand why. Oh yes...and we loved their background music choices!  

                Finally went in one of their locations. I've had their pizza before but on a take out basis.   Still awesome pizza. Even better when you eat in. Love the decor. Super helpful staff.   The ready made pizzas are a good way of getting what you want immediately and you can see what you're ordering. It's good for visual people like moi. Decision time is barely any time at all.  Easy parking. Across from Bev Mo. I wish I can bring my favorite beer in.  

                Crisp, cheesy goodness. Cool culture. (mostly) friendly folks working there. Exactly what I was in the mood for.  Went back this week for the same pizza.  only thing missing : I wish they had more vegetarian options, something more creative than the dominos veggie line up and a margarita.  

                This New Yorker needed comfort food after an otherwise stressful birthday in which lots of things went... Other than as planned ;)  So, New York style pizza! Which this is. The taste is spot-on, as is the thinness of the crust and the way the cheese, sauce and bread meld together. My one teensy quibble is that the crust could be a bit chewier and floppier, but it is otherwise authentic.  The folks are wonderful and friendly and I appreciated the free birthday cannoli (awww :) which tasted as spot-on as though it had emerged from the checkered tablecloths of Little Italy. I hope that there are plans afoot to bring back those Gino's Italian Ices soon, as those are a fondly held memory from my childhood. I remember being horrified at realizing that most pizzerias outside of NYC didn't have Italian Ices (or pizza sold by the slice, but that's a rant for another day).  The subway car dining room was a nice touch, as were the relics from actual old subway cars. The E train board from a train headed to the World Trade Center - Aww. And the metal benches and handholds, and graffiti pics, and subway maps... Definitely a taste of home.  All in all, just what I needed to celebrate my special day!  

                My friends love pizza, and they were super happy that this place has gluten free pizza! That's the only way we can have pizza for lunch together.   They only offer one size which is about 10 inches. It's a personal size pizza that's about 4 small sizes which is probably equivalent to the 2 of the regular pizza slices.   They don't have any pre-made so they have to make it once you order. It takes about 10 minutes to make.  For 2 toppings, I paid $12.00.   They accept credit card, and they actually prefer it so they have less cash on hand.   If you order 2 slices of pizza, you get a free soda app for $8.   It's not my favorite gluten free pizza spot but it was efficient, the service was good, and it's affordable. Perfect for a lunch spot.  

                Go big or go home!   My coworkers and I came here during our lunch break to fill up our grumpy bellies! It's located in sunnyvale and is a pretty popular place! You pick and choose whatever pizza slices you want and they warm them up for you. Literally all the pizza slices I've tried here are so good especially the ones with garlic pieces in them!   On yelp they show you that they will give you a free drink if you order two slices of pizza but they automatically give that to everyone without a check in :) saves time!   I recommend getting the margarita or anything with pesto :3 so so delish. I would also like to mention that this place have apple juice! Hahhaa I love it :) They also have garlic knots here but just skip that... Tried and I was not impressed.   The restaurant is nicely decorated and they have a small seating section of the restaurant representing as if you were in a bus/trolley. Pretty cool!   Quick place to grab lunch :)  

                As someone who isn't big on the New York-style pizza we have on the West Coast, I made it a point to stay away from A Slice of New York (ASoNY) for awhile. However, due to its proximity to BevMo, I found it difficult to stay away.  Last week, I said "what the hell," and decided to see what ASoNY had to offer. After I walked into the restaurant, I noticed a New York subway themed wall that started from the entrance and went all the way to the back of the restaurant; there's a separate room that resembles a New York subway station, and the bathroom even has a large painting of the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man attacking New York City.  After perusing over the menu, I decided to make it simple and just go with two slices of pizza; pepperoni and mushroom/pepperoni. Once I received my food, I noticed a lot of oil on the pizza, which is something I don't care for. However, after I took my first bite, I instantly became a fan. ASoNY manages to capture the authentic taste of NY pizza that is usually hard to find on the West Coast. The pizza crust has the right texture and taste, and the ingredients all seem fresh.  The major setback for this restaurant is the price. If you want a large "signature" pizza, you'll be paying upwards of $34 before tax, and that's not including the square-shaped Sicilian pizza that will run you $43 for a large. I know the pizza is good, but come on...  Anyway, the pizza is a little expensive, but I will definitely eat at ASoNY again, and I recommend everyone to try it out at least once.  

                This is their second location, the original being in San Jose on Stevens Creek. Great quality New York pizza and garlic knots. A further plus to this location is it is a lot bigger and there are tables so you can dine here. One of my good friends had a small Impromptu birthday celebration here and we were in the subway room. The restaurant also loves debit/credit cards no matter how small of a purchase you make.  Absolutely love this place.  

                This is the best pizza in the area. The Rockefeller is really something else. This is thin crust done right. It's thin but holds its form, it's not burned, and it's not so chewy as to tire your jaw. The two slices + soda deal is great for lunch.  

                If you want a slice theirs are pretty good. However a small pizza for 30 bucks is way too much. It was bland. Toppings were floppy. Sauce was bland and cheese eh. Bummer. Garlic knots also not that good. Don't know why people rave about them. Like the spot and the pizza dudes. A cheese slice when you want one is good. But that's it.  

                Was craving thin-crusted pizza and came to ASONY. This place used to open at 1pm on Sundays but then they changed to noon, which is really helpful considering most of the people would prefer it.   Got a large "Sutton Place" pizza pie that came with mushroom and sausage. The flavors of the pizza is reminiscent of my Junior-High School's lunch pizza. Although I did not appreciate eating it back then, I was taken back to a rather memorable period of my adolescence.  This restaurant has an interesting NY subway decor accented with street signs and graffiti. The four of us were comfortably full having about 2 slices each from the large pizza.  Be an upright customer and make sure you don't get on their "Wall of Shame".  

                Prices are a tough high maybe?  Tried their Margherita. Really good when warm, but once my second slice was cold, I had no desire to eat it lol. Staff was lovely.  

                We have always been a fan of the Stevens Creek location so we were very happy to see a 2nd location near home and not as hole in the wall like the other. Very nice and clean. Their pizza is really good! They also have big slices of different toppings ready to heat up for quick eats. During one of our visits a year or 2 ago, their cc machine wasn't working and the owner was working at the register, we didn't have cash with us. He looked at us and said "you two look like someone I can trust to come back and pay for your pizzas". He wrote us an IOU receipt and we promised to pay it. That was very good of him. Unfortunately the next day we left for vacation. As soon as we got back though we came and paid for our pizza. The person at the register was confused and had to call the owner to confirm the story and IOU receipt.  They carry some New York snacks you can only get in NY. The cannoli's are pretty good too. Staff is friendly and always seem happy. I haven't seen a sad/I don't want to be here kinda look. Always our go to spot for pizza.  

                I love eating their pizzas! The restaurant has plenty of parking outside and once your inside the whole restaurant is decorated with New York style graffiti and a sub way look a like eating area. The best part is that their pizza rocks!!!!! We ordered a large 18" pepperoni with the other half being margarita.... But they did screw up tonight... Instead of placing Pepperoni  on the whole pizza with the half being margarita hey only put half pepperoni even though we paid for the extra pepperoni to be placed on with the margarita..... But we didn't notice it until we got home! By that time it was too late and we just ate our pizza.. I don't know what happened tonight because the past couple of times we ordered from them they did it right... The pizza here is really good but I guess next time just remind them again of your order.. I would have given a better rating except we had to pay extra for not getting our order right... Bummer  

                How exciting to have found New York style pizza so close to home! These are paper thin and you gotta fold em' to eat em'. Packed with flavor and crust is just right. I can eat here everyday. And really c'mon its guiltless cause the pizza is super thin so it's low carb diet friendly amiright?! Fugetabout your diet. This place is a must on a cheat day, heck it's good on a regular day for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Pizza Pizza Pizza!!   They also serve ice but unfortunately out of it when we arrived at 6pm. Boo! We will be back for you!  Love the atmosphere. Set up like a New York subway train station. Props to the team for excellent service and their wall of shame. Respect.  

                Best NY-style, thin crust pizza in the area!   This is where I usually go when I'm craving a slice of delicious thin crust pizza. Love this location way better because parking is so much easier. The restaurant is also cleaner, has more of a modern feel to it and is more spacious than the original location in San Jose.   I would usually get their Margherita pizza (delicious) or the Sicilian (amazing)! The only disappointment are the garlic knots, which are consistently not up to par; hard and cold...just not as good as their other location.   Service is friendly, pizza comes out fast and hot. Overall, good spot for a quick bite if you are craving a NY-style slice in Sunnyvale.  

                Pretty good for the west coast.  

                I usually go to the one by VF, so when I first walked into the Sunnyvale location, I was quite impressed with the size of the restaurant.  The decor is very cool and reminds me very much of NY.    The pizza, of course, is equally as good as the VF location, as was the service.  I love me some thin crust pizza and got my usual cheese slices.  A couple sitting next to us had a delicious looking white pie that I am determined to try the next time I visit.  Mmm mmm!  

                Came by for a late night snack the other night and was pleasantly surprised. I've always been a fan of the first location on Stevens Creek, except for the hole-in-the-wall feel...  Came by right before closing and the staff were all friendly!   Ordered a slice of pepperoni and added some bell peppers and sausage to make it a $4 slice of pizza that came out warm with a crispy bottom! ...yum!  The interior reminds me of NYC, from the subway signs to the Metrocards on the subway car!  

                Ive heard from friends the register guy washes his hands now!!  Yeahhhhh!   Wearing  gloves or non scented Purell in a pinch is another option too :)  Thanks for improving! !!  

                **this is review for their already made slices and garlic knots  I came in expecting the worst being a New Yorker.  I was in a hurry so I chose two slices of this already made pizza that looked decent by pointing to the upper tier of slices and saying "two slices of those please,  and also 3 garlic knots."  I had turned away to talk to my friend,  and after waiting ten minutes for the food and paying,  I ended up getting two slices of pepperoni which was the pizza below what I was pointing to.  Was in a hurry like I said,  so I just ate it.  Two slices and three knots was like 11$ somehow  The pizza was alright,  I can appreciate a good slice of pepperoni.. This wasn't really one of those.  The crust was soggy and the pizza was quite greasy,  and dripped down my hands consistently.    This was a reheated slice like i said,  so please dont judge your purchase of a full pie off this,  it could be way better fresh.  The garlic knots were chewy and had a thick,  interesting texture.  They were good but I have had way,  way better knots elsewhere.   All in all i wouldn't come again for quick food but id really like to give this place a shot with their fresh pizza.  

                I saw that a Jersey friend gave this place 4 stars, and NY style pizza is one thing I trust his judgement on, so came in for a slice.  Margarita is always the pizza I judge a place by, and this one was good.  Thin, crisp crust.  All the flavors balanced.  Just as it should be.   When I need a slice, I will definitely be back.  

                Who makes the best New York style pizza in the San Francisco Bay Area - A Slice of New York or Bibo's?  I appreciate truly excellent pizza, and am always on the lookout for new exceptional pizza emporiums.  When I started regularly traveling between Northern and Southern California, it because clear to me that the vast majority of the crème de la crème pizza restaurants are in NorCal; the pickings toward the top of the quality ladder are much thinner down South...  In my experience, New York style is the most common style of pizza found, but most of it is mediocre at best.  The two best New York pizza restaurants I've visited in Northern California are A Slice of New York and Bibo's. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz/bibos-ny-pizza-san-jose?hrid=asGLeBZQ8eZXrvs4VEVmCw">yelp.com/biz/bibos-ny-pi…</a> One Wednesday evening, I decided to do a side-by-side taste of both of these pizzas, and recruiting a special guest pizza critic to assist me with my Siskel and Ebert impression - the wine guzzling uber-hiker and Yelper extraordinary, Sidney S.   Note: Both ASONY and Bibo's bake the pies intended for sale by the slice only ¾ of the way through, and then add toppings to match your order before heating to completion.    Enroute to Sidney's Man Cave to taste-test our pizza with a wine pairing and a movie, the first of the two joints I hit was Bibo's; I chatted with Freddie (younger brother of Bibo, for whom the place is named), and decided to go with the Italian Meatza (Pepperoni, Sausage, Genoa Salami, Fresh Basil), and the Margherita (Bibos Home-Made Pizza Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil, Olive Oil).  I then hit ASONY, and custom ordered two slices to match the combos from Bibo's.  I arrived at Sidney's place in Morgan Hill a few minutes shy of 6pm.  We shared some wine, and then the game was afoot!  Even though the pizzas were made with the same toppings, they looked VERY different, both before and after they were cooked.  We started off with the Margharita slices, and tasted them side-by-side.  Both crusts had glorious independent suspension, and the dough tasted delightful!  Both benefited from being finished (without reheating) on the pizza stone; they were crisp without being oily; hot and delicious.  The ASONY slice tasted wonderful; I get them two or three times a month, and never get tired of them.  That said, Bibo's knocked my socks off!  I've had it only a few times (because it's a pretty long drive) and doing a side-by-side comparison, I found the Margherita slice from there to be smoother, creamier, and more satisfying than ASONY.  Trying to reserve judgment, we moved on to the Italian Meatza variants.  Again trying them side by side, I found that while the ASONY slice acquitted itself beautifully, the Bibo's slice had better flavor and more body; the toppings balanced out to a more satisfying whole.  Had I been comparing ASONY to the best chain pizza I've ever had (Pizza My Heart) or maybe even Vito's in West Hollywood, it might have still reigned supreme - it's really exceptional pizza.  Still, at the end of last night, I was ready to put the laurel leaves on Bibo.   You want to be really surprised?  Sidney actually AGREED with me!  He really liked ASONY, but thought Bibo's was hands down better.  Who woulda thunk it? :-)  

                Very big and generous pizza, lots of toppings, friendly staff. There are 4(or 5 ) different tap beers so that is also a plus.  

                Best pizza in the area. Great value for the large and can't complain of anything.  The mushroom olive pizza is fabulous. And the cannoli is spectacular.     The garlic knots, I think are ok, but I have never been a huge fan if them anywhere.   Always friendly cheerful bunch working here.   Check out the wall I shame while you are there. It's hilarious with real idiots.  

                For high quality pizza, with a bit of a hefty price tag, go here. Avoid the salads and double up on the yummy cannoli!  

                Simply Put - Best, most authentic NY Pizza I've found in the area.   My wife and I moved here from the NY/NJ area 18 months ago.  This is the closest thing to home I can find.  

                I wanted to send dinner to my clients on move in day, and A Slice of New York went above and beyond to make that happen.  I was scheduled to be out of town on delivery day and they moved mountains to make it work. Everyone loved the pizza and the ambiance is just like being in Manhattan.  

                My favorite place to get ny-style pizza, both regular and gluten free. No forks or knives, and yes, fold the slice in half and hold it over a plate! This location is slightly newer and larger than the San Jose one, but has similar subway decor.   Call ahead if you are ordering a small gluten-free pizza. They make these to order in about 15 minutes. If you're ordering in person, you can select from the freshly-made pies in their display, which vary daily. I like the margherita, which comes with plenty of fresh basil and enough garlic to make your nose sing. If you order it in-store, they'll heat your slice(s) to a chewy crisp. If you get it to go, finish off the slice(s) for a few minutes at 450F in your own oven.   Stick to the pizza, skip the rest of the menu. The cannoli, for example, is simply too rich.   Lunch special 11a-2p: Buy 2 slices, get a free bottled water or soda.   GF diners: The crust is super crisp, with the edges crunchy. Unfortunately, this may mean that your mouth may feel a bit raw after eating an entire small pie. Obligatory chewing and munching struggles aside, this is by far the best gf pizza around. The non-gf slices are nothing like this, and are absolutely crisp, ooey, and delectable. C'mon, food scientists....make this happen gf!   There is a special kind of torture in taking their pies to go. Godspeed and good luck resisting the heavenly smells!  

                This is our favorite pizza joint. We love the New York style pizza and they also have excellent service. I had ordered 10 Large pizza for my son's birthday party. Even though they opened at noon on Sundays, the manager arranged for people to arrive at the store earlier so w can pick up our pizza earlier.  I love their margarita pizza and my son loves their pepperoni pizza. Definitely try it out when you get a chance.  

                I'm from east coast so naturally I had a hard time finding a go to pizza place but this is it! For me there is no other!  

                I grew up in NYC and totally miss pizza. This is some of the best pizza I've had, west of the hudson.  The only problem I have is with the accuracy of the subway model in the shop. The front door is authentic though! :-)  

                When you walk into the restaurant you notice all of the NYC themed decoriations.  My favorite is the big mural above the kitchen.  They have a special before 2PM if you buy two slices of pizza, you get a drink free.    Its hard for me to pick out my favorite pizza from this place because all of them are good in their own way.  If i had to pick my favorite is the Rockefeller.  It is loaded with meat and the garlic pieces always add a nice flavor.   The crust on their pizzas are thin and toasted to perfection.  Been to NYC and this place can go head to head with the pizza from there.  Hands down the best NY style pizza outside of NYC.  

                There are many things I miss from back home on the East Coast and good NY-style pizza is one of them. Having found the pizza options in the Peninsula/South Bay to be a bit lacking, I took a chance on A Slice of New York and was basically teleported back home.   Everything about the place was great, but most of all (and most importantly) the pizza. Crisp, thin crust perfect for folding. Great topping choices. Great selection, even in the middle of the lunch rush.   Looks like I've found my spot.  

                Getting true NY slice pizzaaaas  

                Great place to grab a quick bite. The pizza is great, just like the other location on stevens creek, but much larger.  

                I have dreams about ASONY's pizza!  Love love love the pizza here.  I moved from the east coast and worked in NYC for a while.  It really is a slice of new york.  Also love the subway inside the restaurant.  

                order: pizza (duh), garlic knots  

                This is my go-to place for a veggie pizza.  Times Square is FREAKING DELISH.  Love it with extra garlic and extra sauce.  

                Excellent New York Style pizza and reasonably priced.  The folks here are super nice as well! The deserts were 'eh'... the cheesecake and chocolate cake specifically... but the pizza did taste like it was from NYC! I came here because of the high yelp reviews and glad i went!  

                How have I not written a review of this place?    Awesome pizza.  Excluding all Neapolitan-style pizza joints, this is my favorite.   $18 for a large cheese..you just can't beat it.  The staff are super friendly and we just love coming here when we crave pizza.  

                The best NY style pizza I have had outside the East coast.  Big foldable slices with a really good balance of sauce to cheese, and the crust is light, flavorful, and the right amount of bubbly. If you're craving comfort food you can't go wrong with a slice of cheese, and their margherita has become our go-to pie for lazy weekends (fresh basil is so great).  Oh, and unlike so many pizza places, they always hand-toss their bases to order. None of this premade and refrigerated rubbish. Trust me, it makes a huge difference.  Seriously, this place is awesome. I just wish they delivered, but they're worth the trip.  

                This review is for their gluten free pizza and to remind myself not to accidentally come here again.  Go to blue line pizza instead and pay more to have the best gluten free pizza.  

                I don't know what people see in this place. Maybe they messed up on ours or something. Not New York pizza at all. Crust was too thick and slices too small to fold. Sauce was a bit on the bland side for our liking.  Adding a star for Kirk he owner getting in touch with me and asking my opinion and giving advice for trying it next time. I will update again when I try the margarita per Kirk's advice. He clearly prides himself on his business.  Update 12-26  Finally got around to updating. If you like some spice on your pizza, opt for the marinara sauce -- it's really good! Nice big foldable slices are hot and ready. I'm not sure what the heck happened last time, because none of the pizzas I saw looked anything like the one I tried to begin with.  

                What can I say?? I love this place. The pizza is really good. Got a meat slice and they shove it back in the oven to heat it up so it comes out nice and hot and crisp. The garlic knots are also especially tasty. Nice little joint to sit back and hang out with friends while eating a couple slices. I will be back!  

                My boyfriend took me here after my flight got in for lunch. We arrived shortly after 11am and they were still setting out the pizzas. Gave me some time to check out their decor. I absolutely love it. They really put a lot of effort into designing their restaurant. There is another dining area where there are handrails like you are on the subway. This is your typical fast food joint except that is is a lot cleaner. If you dine before 2pm you get a free soda with purchase of two slices. I got the Margherita. OMG best Margherita in my opinion. I prefer white pizzas so this is the kind of Margherita for me. We also got garlic knots. Everything was very tasty although a bit oily. It does make me feel better that they use olive oil. =] The guys who work there seem very nice and fun. The guy who serviced us was very on top of his game. Another guy who was making pizzas was singing and seems like he was having a fun time in the AM.   Nice clean spacious restrooms. One women and one men.  

                Yeap, this is the real deal. Upon getting my slice, I folded it, walked out the door, and proceeded to the nearest subway station. But then I realized that I was in Sunnyvale, CA and not in NYC. So I sat back down and tried not to look like such a tourist. A slice of New York indeed.  

                Starting off with the positive, I really liked the decor in the restaurant. Cool subway feel.  The pizza is also decent for ny style pizza. In New York, this place's pizza would be average. Here in California, it's a reasonable replica of New York pizza.   As for the negatives, the owner (or the older guy who I assumed was the owner) wasn't that friendly. He defn brought New York attitude along with his New York-style pizza.  

                This is a whole in the wall place. Very small hidden restaurant. There's about 6 tiny indoor seats and a few outdoor seats.   The service is ok. The line moves by quickly. Pizza comes out fresh and hot. The pizza is very thin but at a good size. I've also had their garlic knots dripped in garlicky oil with their tomato sauce delicious! This place can be compared to pizza Antica just as good except you don't have to deal with the hassle of waiting and the pricing here is cheaper.  

                Tips:  Sicilian and Pesto chicken slice $9.75 Large cannoli $3  --------------------------------------------------­----------  I would highly recommend coming here for some pizza, it is oh so yummy!  The Sicilian is a thicker pizza if you're not a fan of thin-crust pizza. Lots of cheese so I would recommend getting this pizza if you like cheese.  The cannoli is also extremely tasty as well. The thick chocolate chip cream filling and the cinnamon outer shell go perfectly together. Great crunch with a creamy center. I do not have to look any further for another cannoli.  

                As an East Coast transplant that grew up an hour from authentic New York City pizza, I'm willing to give California pizza a pass.  Sure, at times, it can be like biting into a tomato-flavored pillow.  And sure, I guess that eccentric toppings like kimchi, cilantro peanuts, and shredded denim have a place on a funky pizza. Somewhere. Maybe.  After a few jaw-numbing investigations of West Coast pizza, I was starting to crave the real thing.  I wanted a crispy, thin crust.  I wanted sauce that tasted like tomatoes and garlic.  I wanted real, hair-growing, traditional pizza toppings.  A Slice of New York is the real deal. Serious business. The top of the heap. The pies are huge, browned like a boss, and littered with toppings and garlic. Emphasis on the garlic. There were delicious wads of the stuff thrown on every pie that I sampled. They must use a garlic cannon of some sort. The crust is so thin, you can slip it under your front door if your significant other locks you out, and you need to slide them a peace offering.  The sauce is perfection; you can taste every ingredient that went into its production.  As if there was any doubt remaining that these guys are the Highlander of Bay Area pizza, just open the front door, and try not to be alarmed by the enormous metal subway car that's waiting there to greet you. As the enticing smells of proto-pizza carry you to the counter, be sure to look on your left at the Wall of Shame for a record of all the mooks that ventured into the fine establishment and disrespected the staff or the diners. And to think that some people see "authentic" as brick walls and a neon sign that says "LUIGI'S!"  Fuhgeddaboudit!  Don't forget about the garlic knots, which may as well be garlic boulders, or garlic moons. And grab a cannoli or a Drake's to go before you leave.  

                New York is one of my favorite cities, so I loved the decor in this restaurant! From the subway signs to the graffiti on the walls, this restaurant lives up to its name. The rules on the walls and the "not wanted" sign give this place character.    I've wanted to try A Slice of New York for awhile. I tried a slice of the Bensonhurst pizza. If you're a fan of pesto like I am, you'll like the Bensonhurst. Although I enjoyed it, it wasn't the best pizza I've had by any means. It might have been better if it was a freshly made pie, but since I got a slice, it was pre-made and reheated. I also shared a half order of the garlic knots. Garlic-y, buttery yumminess!  Overall, A Slice of New York is not bad and I would stop by again since it is close to my work.  

                Pizza is great and the slices are really big which is good too! And our family's favorite is the garlic knots!  Place looks small from the outside but the inside is pretty roomy. The decor is pretty cook too! But the things they have on the wall look kinda random. I see a cool TMNT poster about pizza. Then I turn around and I see a sign saying "No screaming, climbing, or running." And I see other signs that say the restrooms are for "Adults ONLY". Then there are random small maps taped up on the wall.   We got there a couple of minutes before 2pm and they said they were cleaning the glass and counter so they had the pizza slices somewhere else. So we kindly waited for them to be done cleaning before asking to see the slices. Slices came back out and we asked to do the "2 slices 1 free soda" deal and they refused so my family was pretty upset. Even though we were there BEFORE 2pm. Disappointing. And unlike other pizza places I've been to, they actually charged me for ranch.  

                I don't know why the Stevens Creek one has such a high rating. It is so much more smaller. The one at El Camino Real is bigger and has a continuous flow of people coming in. It is fairly popular and centrally located. I loved the slice of Buffalo Chicken pizza; the sauce was tangy. We also tried the stromboli. It was awesome. The stromboli itself is huge and is  quite sufficient for two people. They could do better on cleanliness front, both of the tables and floor.  

                Thin crust pizza done like the way back home. The pizza has consistently been excellent. We're a big fan of the margherita pizza. I could never go back to the chain pizza joints.  

                I love Slice of NY because it's always delicious. The decor at the Sunnyvale branch is awesome. You can sit in a subway car!!. I love the wall of shame too. There hasn't been any new ones recently but it's slightly tempted to do something risque just to be immortalized on the wall. But then... i can't have the pizza!!! Dilemmas.  Love this place. It's awesome with awesome people!  

                I love thin crust pizza!  And I love that this place heats up my slice of pizza so that it's crispy and crunchy on the bottom.    Cheap, easy meal and they are opened late.    The inside of the place looks like the NY subway station.  Cute.    It also doesn't help that this place is now 3-4 mins away from where I live.  Is coming here on my way home from the gym considered canceling out my gym session?  Haha.  

                A respectable NYC style pizza.  Not the best ive had but definitely worthwhile.  I had the buffalo chicken and the all meat...it was pretty tasty.  I should also mention I'm more of a Chicago deep dish style person but hey it was on the way.    Also the staff was really friendly :)  

                Great pizza, fun decor, happy staff.  It doesn't get any better than ASONY!  

                I ordered for veggie pizza slice and cheese pizza slice and man they were so good. Had been to a lot of New York pizza places and this would be rated among one of my top 5 places. I would defiantly recommend this to friends. Better than many places around, though they had limited options for veggie for slices.  

                We had buffalo chicken pizza and the time square :) We loved buffalo pizza as it was thin crust... Super tasty and yummy! Best pizza so far .. But the Times Square was not as thin crust as buffalo. But taste was decent .. It was a little soggy as it had tomatoes over it. We also tried the garlic knots!! Loved it sooo much !!! The guy at the counter was too very accommodating. Had a very good experience.It has a good seating space and very casual.  

                Currently my favorite pizza joint in the south bay.  

                People are writing long reviews, and pretty often we need shorter and more informative ones. And there we go:  This place is great in many aspects: convenient location, enough space to enjoy your pie, excellent food, great service!  I would highly recommend any of their pizzas - anything what sounds good for you in a menu will be just grrrreat and very tasty. Make your own twist by adding something to the regular recepy, and who knows - may be it will be super hit.   The dough is super good, very thin (they have thick Sicilian style square pies too), by offering a gluten free pizza guys are getting extra points. Try Rockofeller, Cony Island is very juicy, excellent Stromboli, take some Connoli to go for later and enjoy it at home with coffee, or tea, or whatever you want.   It's not so often you can rate pizza place 5 stars. I do it this time because it's way better than any franchise place (any!), fair priced compared to fancy places, excellent service and perfect food.   If you have cravings for pizza - put this one in the top of your list.  

                Still the best pie in the South Bay. Wait times are getting longer, especially on Friday and Saturday nights, but that's the price we fans have to pay for increased demand for a superior product.   The last time I went I called ahead, I was told 25-35 minutes. This is rather typical of other pizzerias but I've been spoiled by SONY's 15-20 minute turnaround most evenings. When I showed up, about 20 minutes later, I was told it was coming soon. I waited nearly 20 more minutes for my glorious Rock (totally worth it though) but I was marveling at the calls that kept coming and how the time kept growing for each order with each call. They were swinging from the chandeliers busy- the dining room was packed and bustling and the phone Never stopped jangling. I'd hear "how long for a large pickup?" across the dining room and the cooks yell back "35 to 40," and then "45 to 50 minutes" as I sat there. This just means they are in high demand. Plan accordingly.   That said, despite the wait, your time will be rewarded with a superb pizza. I still can't say enough about this place.  

                This is standard run-of-the-mill NY style pizza. Doesn't offer a masterful flavor or cheese falling off the slice in strings like the really good stuff. It is true, you can't replicate the 'za or bagels outside of the tri state area. This place can get you kind of close..... Haven't tried anywhere else so don't know if there are better alternatives.  

                I'm not really sure what all the hype is about this place. It's just okay. But keep in mind, as a Chicagoan I'm not as partial to the New York pizza. My boyfriend and I stopped here because we were in the area and looking for a place to sit down and eat. Maybe if we had done are research better we would have picked a different place as this was a tad divier than we were expecting. But that was okay. The New York themed atmosphere was interesting in itself. We ordered a slice of pepperoni, garlic knots, and a small chicken basil pizza (we were REALLY hungry). The pepperoni pizza was decent but I found it to be  too greasy. The garlic knots were in the same boat, and I was expecting it to have a little bit more flavor. The chicken basil pizza, which I was really excited about was kind-of bland and tasteless for the type of ingredients that were on it. The staff was nice, but not more-so than your average fast-food place staff.     So I was disappointed, not just because the food was too greasy for me but because I found it to be a little bland as well. Maybe I'm just not a New York pizza kind-of girl...  

                SoNY is by far my favorite pizza place in the bay area. Being a Long Island transplant, I'm pretty picky. Every time someone asks me where to go for pizza (which is often, as I'm a NY Italian), I invariably send them here. I also love how they have all of my favorite east coast treats like drakes cakes and cannolis.   Can't beat this place. Seriously, go here now!  

                Wow...just had a large pie and let me tell you, it was awesome!!! The place is clean, employees are lively and helpful in assisting with orders, and the food is great! I STRONGLY recommend trying the cannoli's too! I was surprised with the taste quality from such a local spot!  

                pretty damn good pizza that's not pieology. notice that when you come in, it's ny subway themed and they have a wall of shame next to the cashier. I read some of it while waiting for friends to order and some of them were so down right messed up! the pizza I tried had pepperoni, cheese and sliced sausage, but I forgot the name...it's name after some fictional doctor or fictional person. the pizza didn't take too long to arrive, but when it did, my mouth was drooling. the crust wasn't like the Costco crust where it's chewy and tough. ASONY's crust was almost like thin crust, but not exactly thin. pepper and cheese on a table by the entrance. sit in the inside room where you'll really feel like you're riding the ny subway! pizza was thin and not too greasy, but since I am a picky eater, I had to pick off majority of the meats. staff WILL NOT serve you pizza if you are a grinch, Oscar the grouch or a grumpy cat! no joke!  super friendly staff, great pizza and atmosphere. pizza is a bit over priced, but you pay for what you get. would love to ve back here.  

                I had been itching to check this place out because I am going to New York soon and I just wanna prepare for what is to come :) This is the same restaurant as the Stevens Creek Location and I was surprised to see that it was not busy at all in the Sunnyvale location at 7:30ish on a Saturday. The decorations add a really nice vibe to the place and have pictures of all the landmarks in NY. What is unique about this place is their hall of shame. They have a few photos of people who have been horrible customers and "ban" them from the location. Their photos are from the surveillance cameras so that is pretty funny/creepy.   The pizza reminds me of Pizza My Heart because it is thin crust and they heat it up once you order. This place is sorta confusing because there is no visible pricing for individual slices but only the pies. I had the meat lover slice and had a piece of the chicken pesto slice. I thought the meat was overly meaty if that makes sense but the chicken pesto was quite yummy. I didnt really see much differentiation in regards to taste from Pizza My Heart, but both places are delicious! The meaty slice was $4.25. I was a fool and ate the slice incorrectly. In NY they fold it in half and eat it...Gotta make sure I do it right when I actually go!  I also had their garlic knots and I wasnt really impressed by them even though everyone raved about them. They are EXTREMELY oily so if you get them, please do yourself a favor and dab it with napkins to get rid of the oil on the bottom. The top of the knot has pesto and garlic on top. The whole bun reminded me of something I could pop into the oven from Pillsbury. I probably wont get that again. I would just stick with getting another slice if you are hungry.  **TIPS** 1) Dont act like a douche or else you will end up on their hall! 2) Skip the knots and just try another slice of pizza. They got a couple of flavors that look good :) 3) Enjoy!  

                The pizza here is really good! I got a slice of cheese, and it was super yummy. However, they did not have a pepperoni/mushroom pizza ready, and they asked if they can throw mushrooms on a pepperoni pizza and heat it up for my girlfriend. The mushrooms, of course, weren't baked like normal and were not too tasty.  But even better, is their service! We chatted with the owner a bit and he's a cool guy. He really cares about his customers and his pizza.  

                Just like the hole-in-the-wall other Slice of New York, but this one is nice inside! Pizza is pretty consistently good. Meatball sandwich is very good. Seating is cool with the pseudo subway car inside the shop!  I recommend that you ask for the slices that are already made and have them reheated. Then tell them to reheat them long so you get a nice crispy crust!  

                2.5 stars.  This is the most authentic New York-style pizza I've had in the Bay Area: enormous slices of pie with super thin yet not-too-crisp crust. There's a certain satisfaction that comes from shoveling a folded slice of margherita down my throat, and it certainly evoked memories of Little Italy.  Here's the issue with A Slice of New York: the pies aren't fresh. We came at the height of the dinner hour to find 7 or 8 varieties, all of which seemed to have been out on the counter for a couple hours. We asked which one was the freshest and the guy behind the counter didn't know. There weren't any pies in the oven, either. So we ordered slices of the following: - Margherita - BBQ Chicken - Buffalo-Style - Lasagna Pie Even after being reheated, the slices weren't piping hot nor had a fresh-out-of-the-oven taste or texture. If anything, the reheating made them soggier. Part of the satisfaction of NYC pizza is stringy, difficult-to-handle cheese and toppings that threaten to slide off the slice. That was certainly not the case here. I'm not even sure they use fresh mozzarella in the first place--it just didn't have the gooey texture I was hoping for.  As for the garlic knots, we weren't very impressed. Yes, the dough is good, but where was the garlic? In the far-too-plentiful butter, maybe? It wasn't very pungent in the pesto, which was relatively bland and further contributed to the puddle of oil accompanying each knot. Yes, pizza should be greasy. But this tasted like grease for its own sake.  I'm sure the pies here are better fresh out of the oven, but I don't think we were impressed enough tonight to give A Slice of New York another shot in the near future.  

                Excellent service, amazing pizza, and the greatest garlic knots! Definitely heading back there.  The margueritta pizza is marvelous as well. Having stayed in NYC, I know a good pizza place when I see one and this exceeds my expectations.  

                I absolutely love this pizza place. It's extremely casual. The crust is thin and amazing. The marinara sauce is a perfect addition. The pizza is a little well done which is perfect. I haven't had it, since I'm a vegetarian but I know my family loves the buffalo chicken. They say it's a perfect combination of slightly spicy and savory. The service is beyond exceptional. Every time I have gone, they have been very kind and welcoming. We had a slight mistake with our order tonight and called and spoke to Miles who was receptive and offered a reasonable solution.  

                This is the spot.  I love every pizza they serve here.  One of my favorite pizza spots in the South Bay.  

                My book club chose a different book to read each month. We then got together at a place that represented the book that we had just read for dinner and discussion. After reading a book based in New York, where else would you look for, but New York pizza??    The pizza came in the form of big huge thing slices. We got the garlic knots which were very yummy. Neither was overwhelmingly amazing, but everything was good. The service was fantastic. The staff was really friendly.  There are several tables inside and a side room for parties. It seemed like most people just came in for take-out, but we appreciated being able to sit there.   The nice thing about this place is while it wasn't a huge parking lot, there was still plenty of parking which is nice to not have to worry about after sitting in rush hour traffic.  

                One of my least favorite things ever is when people move to California from some other state and then talk a bunch of smack about California. I won't allow it. After all, there's no song entitled "Nebraska Love" wherein Dr. Dre raps about how Nebraska knows how to party, now is there? And I do believe the quote from Arrested Development is, "I'd rather be dead in California than alive in Arizona." No, I won't tolerate any California hating under any circumstances, with one exception: Pizza. I don't know what the problem is (actually, it's the water) but it is extremely difficult to find an acceptable slice of pizza in this state. I love the California lifestyle, but putting avocado on pizza is ridiculous. I will not accept Ahi on pizza either. Don't even think about serving me a slice with either of those stupid ingredients. In other words, New Yorkers are correct that California does not have good pizza (I will concede that our bagels suck, as well).  I'm sorry to report, however, that you won't find New York style pizza at "A Slice of New York," either.  Don't get it twisted, it's not bad pizza, it's just not the kind of pizza you would get in New York. A very thin crust and the ability to fold the slice in half does not a New York slice make. First of all, New York pizza tastes so totally different, I think, because the sauce is so much better. We do not have the Italian roots in California that NYC has. In fact, the best sauce I've had in California is made by my own father, and he's not even Italian. Second, I think there's just something about being in New York that makes the pizza taste better. You'll have to go and see for yourself.    At any rate, ASONY (haha) is not too shabby. I like the atmosphere inside of the restaurant. It appeals to my punk rock sensibility. The dudes that work at ASONY are pretty cool, very laid back. They won't try to sell you a bunch of menu items you don't want. The music is indie. The slices are big and cheap. It's located in a bizarre location--right next to BevMo in a strip mall. Sunnyvale could do a lot worse.    I got a big slice with all meat and jalapenos. It even had bacon on it. It was tasty cakes. My anaconda liked it.    Overall, I don't think you'll be disappointed, unless you are looking for an authentic slice of NYC pizza, which I "ragret" to inform you may only be found in NYC.  

                Delicious. Arguably better than New York Pizza. We had the garlic knots (3) which  I highly recommend. I tried the margherita which I highly recommend. Also tried my husband's slice of cheese pizza which was also very good. Next time, we will try some with toppings. 2 slices of pizza and 3 garlic knots cost $9. We also got a free pop via the special they run from 11am-2pm for a fee pop with 2 slices of pizza. The service was good.  The interior is decorated to look like New York - it's very cute. I would definitely recommend this place!  

                Service is always good. Pizza apparently taste as authentic and it gets to NY pizza. If you come for lunch, pick a premade slice and ask them to reheated, the longer the better.  

                After my last review, Kirk contacted me and invited me to try their garlic knots again on him. I had time during lunch today so I stopped by to take him up on his offer. The staff members were great and very friendly. The bag of garlic knots smelled amazinggg as it was handed to me, and it was totally different from the tasteless, doughy balls last time. Freshly baked, crispy on the outside, with the perfect kick of garlic oil. This time around, the garlic knots were exactly what I had been hoping for!  I am super impressed by both the owner and his store. They have a very happy customer in me and I will definitely be back and will be recommending them to others!  

                Pizza was alright. Garlic knots were not that great they did not meet my expectations based on other reviews.  

                I never really was a big fan of going out to get pizza but one day my friend insisted that I have to try this pizza place. Okay sure why not! Let me tell you that this place is sooooo good, I went here 12 out of the next 14 days of hearing about it.  At Slice of New York you walk to the pizza counter where they have pizza slices you can choose from, and then they put it in the oven to toast it up. Now I wasn't really expecting much but man when I tasted the pizza...it was AMAZING! I ordered the pepperoni/mushroom and loved it so much. What actually makes Slice of New York so good is that the dough is thin yet chewy. It's one of the best doughs I've ever had and that's what makes this place taste so much better than any other pizza place.  What's nice too is that if you order 2 slices before 2:00pm any day of the week, you'll get a free fountain soda with it! It says you're suppose to check-in on yelp but you really don't have to as they always offer you a free drink if it's before 2:00pm without even asking you to check into yelp which shows their good customer service. Try it for yourself and you might beat my record of visiting in a row!  

                I'm coming out of Yelp hibernation to add my two cents to this location of A Slice of New York.  I love A Slice of New York is my favorite pizza in all of the Bay Area.  The crust is amazing and for the quality it's well priced.  We had a colleague that was in town for a few weeks and for her farewell lunch, we took her here.  In anticipation of being packed for a Friday lunch, I called our order in a day in advance.  The guy that took our order was super helpful and let me know that there was a large catering order that would add a slight delay to the time we would come in--which was only about 5 minutes from when I wanted to come in.  No harm, no foul, we can work with that.   When we walked in on Friday afternoon, I understood what he meant by the large catering order--the full subway seating area was full of people and it seemed that there wasn't a table to be had for my team of 8.  But at the moment, a guy my name out from the kitchen, and a table that I thought couldn't be used was moved out to the center of the restaurant especially for us.   Pizzas came out, angels started singing, and I was forever grateful for a successful team lunch.   So, word for the wise:  call ahead for full size pies--especially if you are going to be eating at the restaurant.  The staff seems eager to help out and win your business.  We'll definitely be back!  

                Another 5 star review for the wall!!!  Staff is great!  Food is great!  I really enjoying coming for a slice because they make it feel like home. Only problem is the phone hold time but they are busy so it's expected. It shows they are good and in demand!  Keep up the great quality!  

                Ordered a large "The City." The crust was nice and thin and toppings were generous, but  unfortunately the peppers tasted as if they were frozen, the sauce and meat didn't have any significant flavor. It was overall pretty unimpressive. Im surprised at the high ratingd and I feel like it should be rated $$ fir price  

                I ordered a Calzone for pick-up/take-out from my hotel in Sunnyvale.  I'm originally from New York (Seven Boroughs baby!) and I was encouraged by the high-praise in the reviews.    I ordered a Calzone for take-out from my hotel room. It was TERRIBLE. The Calzone was too soggy to  pick up, they obviously don't know how to prepare Ricotta cheese.  In addition to failing to put a knife & fork in the box, the meat was all clumped together inside.  A Calzone is basically a white, meat pizza folded in half and sealed so you can take it with you. All of the ingredients are supposed to be delivered in every bite.  The "version" I got was no prepped correctly, the cheese and meat were not mixed, and it was so SOGGY I couldn't even eat all of  it.  Being fair, I need to mention that I did not try the pizza but I wont give them another chance when I'm back in town in a few weeks.  

                One of the closest to NY pizza you can get when not in NY.  Good ambience to make you feel like you're in NY.  We've had PizzaMyHeart, Amici's, NY Pizza, 212' etc, this is better.  

                Not sure that I understand why everyone seems so thrilled about this place.  If this is the best that the Bay Area can offer in terms of NY Style Pizza, they don't have much to worry about in NY.   The sauce is nothing special and the toppings are about the same.  $6 for a Slice and a coke.  You can get two slices and a coke in NYC for $7 all day and all night.  

                I went there because of the good rating, but this place is terrible. Wait timz is very long, they are not providing proper fork/knife only plastic one. Customer service is below average. The one on Laurence is much better  

                Best pizza by slice by far. Whenever i am in there area, i stop here for the lunch special. Recommend the Rockefeller, bomb.  

                Love this place. Love the pizza. The subway car is a good touch too. The price is right. Highly recommended.  

                Great place for a thin slice. I'm one of those picky east coasters and this is my go to for when I get the craving. I like their mushroom best. The garlic knots are also amazing. Great for both eating in and ordering a pie togo.  

                As an East Coast transplant and true NY-pizza aficionado, I had been lamenting the lack of good pizza after trying nearly every place in the Bay Area... and then I came across ASONY. The owner/proprietor, Kirk, is a Manhattan transplant who launched ASONY because he was going through the same struggles trying to find a place for a great pie and/or slice. He's achieved his goal of bringing NY pizza to the Bay Area! This is literally the only place I will go to by my own choosing. Kirk is the man, and ASONY is the place to go for legit pizza, and not that crap flatbread with organic, free range veggies nonsense that all these unnecessarily fancy Bay Area places seem to be chock full of. The Sunnyvale location is great for me, as I used to trek from the northern part of the peninsula all the way to San Jose to get my fix. Now, it's half the distance and equally yummy.  

                Spent a week  in NYC for Christmas and I ate pizza everyday while I was there! Looking for that taste once again decided to give this place a try. A lot to live up to with a shop named A slice of NY! First of all just because a pizza is thin crust it does not make it NY style pizza. At first glance of my large cheese pie it was looking good! On a scale of 1-10 I give it a sold 7 on authenticity. Crust and paper thin dough they have it down pat. But something was slightly off on the taste. Maybe some oregano or a more salty mozzarella cheese? It was just not there. It was good thin crust pizza just can't call it true NY style.  

                I must be in New York, since this is the best New York style pizza joint!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have tried a lot of pizza in the bay looking for something close to what I had in New York.  At first it was Pizza My Heart, then 212, and now A Slice of New York blows the competition away.  Light sauce, soft thin crust, and cheesy equals YUMMY!  Plus each slice is comparable in price to Pizza My Heart at $3-$3.75 a slice, which is really reasonable.  So, if you want the best pizza ever hit up A Slice of Heaven,  I mean A Slice of New York :)  

                I had 2 slices of the Rockefeller.  Exactly what I expected great pizza for a great price.  

                I picked up a small cheese pizza and a two topping large pizza. Both were larger than regular pizza chain stores. The crust was thin and chewy.  I did not really enjoy the pizza because it lacked flavors. It felt like I was just eating the crust. I am not sure if I will try this place again for whole pizzas. However, I would not discourage anyone from trying this place.  

                Best thin crust slice around!  You can't beat their margherita pizza, garlic knots, and their heavenly connoli. The pizza is fresh and tasty.  I love to sit in the subway room, and props for the Slimer graphics on the door!  Staff is friendly and attentive.  

                For the last 15 years I have been searching for a pie that tastes like New Jersey Pizza.  At first, I would try anything calling itself New York Pizza.. then I figured out really fast that it never was.. one day while at BevMo, I took my kid over because they were open and I was hungry.  Within 5 minutes I was sitting down to the most New York/New Jerseyish pizza I have had since leaving the beautiful garden state.  Perfect pie in every way.  Cost, Size, Shape, crust, flavor, sauce, everything was like I hoped.  The only thing I would say for this particular shop - New York Pizza folks - the guys that make the pie and sell it to you - they aren't rude or jerky.  I know that's what you think you gotta do cause New Yorkers seem rude; but they are not.  They are friendly people - very loud, and they will call something for what it is - but never rude jerks :)  Have the attitude, it makes for a great New York-like experience, but please, don't be a jerk face.  The guys here were not total buttheads, by the way, but man.. they did border on it, so this is just a "if you are reading this, turn it down a notch and you will be perfect in the part."  

                Awesome pizza, the way it's supposed to be; NY style and best eaten folded! They have a nice selection of pizza by the slice.  

                I've always loved their pizza. Being from New York I can vouch for the fact that this is the genuine article. I just spent my birthday here and I was not disappointed. Fast, friendly, and uncomplicated. Just like New York. Keep up the good work!  

                I am not an expert on NY pizza but this seems to be what it is supposed to be. Three-Hands-down some of the best pizza I've had in three years in the S. Bay.  Staff is definitely excellent and they go far to make sure you're happy.  The pizza itself was awesome and the speed of preparation on Saturday night was FAST.  I ordered a large CITY  to go over the phone and it was ready right on time when I arrived just as they estimated.  Great Service Prices OK... hey less than going to NYC Tasty Pizza because they use great and fresh ingredients! Should also mention the generous serve yourself grated parm, garlic and red pepper flakes which in my family are all a must  

                So hard to find good basic pizza on peninsula - but this place makes the cut.  Three stars for basic food & place -- nothing fancy but what one expects from a pizza joint.  

                This place has the most greasiest food ever, and I say that as a compliment. I tend to eat really healthy, but when I want pizza, this is hands down one of the best in the Bay Area. The garlic knots they have can not be beat. Although I mostly like to take the food home, waiting for the food there is fun. From the subway decor, to the list of people who behaved badly at the restaurant.  

                The best pizza around! Awesome staff, awesome owner  - they really care about their product. Ask for cannolis... they fill them fresh and they are amazing! I'm afraid to rate it so well because I don't want the word to get out... but they deserve it!  

                Had a meatball sub and a large The City pizza. The sub was delicious -- fresh, chewy bread with flavorful meatballs and lots of melts cheese. The pizza was good with lots of toppings and the garlic wasn't too overpowering. Probably the best NY style pizza in the area and I appreciate their use of fresh ingredients. The large is huge (pizza box doesn't even fit in the fridge).  

                Had multiple snags with or order, but Kirk the manager more than made up for it.  Don't know of any managers who would have given a single order that much attention.  Delicious pizza, so definitely worth giving another chance.  

                Hadn't had anything from here in a long time, but stopped in last week and grabbed two margherita slices and they smelled as good as always. Usually just stick with cheese or minimal toppings on pizzas (Do not like more than two or three toppings on my pies).   Service is friendly, but not fake and the space at this location is spacious and I often see a lot of solo diners just stopping in the grab a slice or two for a quick bite. If I had great metabolism and was a world class athlete, I'd come here way more, since I do love pizza, but I can't, so it goes.   Their pies with meat look very poor aesthetically to me, but I've had several of them before and all were delicious, so don't judge a book by it's cover.   One of the better pie options in the South Bay for sure.  

                So delicious. Fast service, fresh crispy pizza, unique and interesting decor.... The pesto is bomb!!!! Will definitely be back!  

                This place just never disappoints. I wish they would make the pineapple, jalapeño, green bell pepper pizza more often :/ it's so freakin yummy. On the other hand, if they did make it more often, I would be there more often and that would not be good.  Their garlic knots are addictive. The beer is cold. My kid has fun sitting in the subway train and looking at the maps. FUN  

                Inexpensive Brooklyn style pizza by the slice (and more but I haven't tried everything).  The staff is really nice and that is what really makes this restaurant worth visiting.  

                Came back here recently and was disappointed to find that the pricing has changed drastically.  I ordered a large pizza, half Bensonhurst and half the City.  Much to my surprise, they charged me $43!!  When I asked what was going on, they explained that they now charge per topping and as a result, you pay for both sets of toppings when you order a half-half specialty pizza, which strikes me as pretty dumb (given that I only get a half order of each set of toppings).  Very unlikely to be coming back unfortunately, given that the pricing is pretty out of whack with other quality pizza places in the area.  

                I visited this place with a few friends because they mention this is probably one of the best pizza places in town so I decided to give it a try.  The Food: This place is without a doubt a very good pizza place. They have thin and thick crust pizza of a good variety. I personally like thin crust pizza so I chose the Sicilian Meat Lovers and Buffalo Chick along with some Garlic Knots. They all tasted awesome especially the Garlic Knots.  The Service: The employee and server seem very kind and the food comes out very quickly.  The Environment: It is a small little shop but there seem to be a good amount of seating. Some table also have raised pizza trays for serving pizza, which is interesting in my opinion.  Overall this is definitely an awesome pizza place and if I ever crave for pizza I would visit again.  

                Pizza here is excellent. My only complaint is that the reheated slices get really greasy, but hey! that's authentic! The thin crust is unbelievable crispy and the toppings are cooked just right. Sauce is good too, and sauce to crust ratio - bellisimo!  

                Wow, this place is delicious. Some of the best pizza I've ever had. I've had amazing pizza in NYC...and this is just as good, if not better! It's never too busy, and the service is quick. It's right near my house, so I'm a frequent customer. :)  

                My youngest daughter and I came here last weekend for our periodic mother-daughter lunch. I live nearby and had never been here before, tucked away as it is in a strip mall off of El Camino.  (when driving by, your eye tends to catch the BevMo big box and you can easily miss the little guys nearby).   We had a fabulous experience! The young woman who took our order was courteous and helpful.  The guys cooking were friendly.    While we waited for our pizzas, we had a great time wandering around the little place looking at all of the really creative and fun NY inspired decor.  1/3 of the restaurant is taken up by a life size NY subway car (with perhaps 12 small tables inside the car). Totally fun & cool.   The pizza (pepperoni, mushroom and olive for her, all-veggies for me.....chunks of garlic, mmmmm) was amazing. Perfect crust, fresh veggies.   We are thrilled to have found this neighborhood spot.  We liked it so much that we ordered out for the whole family last night - just three days after our initial visit!   P.S.: We found it by googling gluten free restaurants and it was one of the first to pop up.  They do not currently advertise on their website or storefront that they offer gluten free crust, but they do! The young lady at the counter informed that they just recently started to publicize this more.    P.P.S: They also have a "wall of shame" where they call out diners who act badly. It's pretty awesome.  

                Pizza. Need I say more? Wait, NY style pizza. There's nothing better than that, and Slice of New York gets it right all the time! My go-to lunch place, and I'd eat here all day err day if I can!  

                Great place, different from the usual pizza place.   I've been here few times already and have found more than decent prices, good stuff and lovely environment.  Even though the place might get a bit chaotic at times, the place is rather real. You get what you see. It's honest.  Best pizza place so far.  

                Best pizza I've had since moving to the Bay Area a year ago. No bs attitude biz. Love this joint! Buffalo chicken za is amazing. Actually all varieties served are top notch. Usually I don't get beer here but they have a great draft selection. No complaints whatsoever. You pay a little more than your usual pizza joint but it's money well spent.  

