                Please try CHICKEN KOBAB && BBQ CHICKEN! Theyre very good!  Friendly staff. Fast Delivery. && Good Food!  

                INDIVIDUALIZED (PERSONALIZED) SLICE OF PIZZA  The concept of a slice of pizza at a pizza joint doesn't really jive with me as at times the slice can have doughy crust, hardened cheese, or dry toppings. Usually people who crave a slice of pizza are those who are stoned or desperate, neither case I am both of those. Late Friday night after shooting pool with my friend at Bay Crown Billiards we were looking for a quick bite to eat. One option was Nation Burger's. My friend found this place by accident when he was walking around. When I entered there was no pizza in a glass view heater-like oven. There was a sign stating the special that cost $6.99, which includes a 3 topping slice of pizza and a soda. You choose the items from the menu. After choosing the items the personalized slice is cooked for you. The toppings I requested were shrimp, mushroom, and Italian sausage. The slice pizza takes about seven minute to cook. When I got the pizza I noticed there are "two" slices that form a huge triangle. What made the pizza great was the blackened crust. It isn't burnt, but blackened crust that made the pizza had that crunch. The cheese was piping hot and toppings were moist. After eating here I finally found a slice of pizza where it's not a typical stale pizza that has been sitting in a tray for hours.  

                I just moved up here temporarily and wanted to have some pizza this week.  I tried out Pizza Oliva, but that was not a great experience.  So last night I ordered pizza for my birthday party from A-town based on the pics and most of the reviews.  Just wanted to start out that no one was rude.  Not to say it couldn't happen, but everyone behind the counter was in a good mood, chatting it up w/ a customer before me, etc.   I ordered the family size 21" pizza.  That thing was just narrow enough to fit through the door!  Apparently they have a 24".  My god.   The pizza was great.  It was a thin crust pizza with just the right balance of sauce and toppings.  I got a half cheeze and half meat lovers.  Both were excellent.  Crust was excellent.    I plan on returning again.  

                We decided to try this place. It is by far the worst pizza I have had. First, the quality of the cheese and meat is horrible. Cheap cheese and imitation pepperoni! I would have been better off with a frozen pizza because this was the worst! The pizza is super oily and just nasty. No flavor. I don't know why ATown has four stars. I guess people don't know good pizza. Was trying to support our local business but this is my LAST time ordering from here!! What a shame. Pizza is all about quality ingredients. Do not waste your appetite or money at this place.  

                Worst pizza ever Little Caesars  is better the cheese is super nasty and fake pepperoni don't know about the rest of the food on the menu but I will never come here again super greasy for $30 bucks you expect quality pizza not disgusting pizza  

                I been going to this place since I think it was called New York Pizza (I liked the slices then) and the slices are pretty much the same now. They are huge and very filling and under $5 for a 2 topping. I did have the kabobs when they changed over to A Town Pizza and Kabob House but don't recall them being bad, I remember it being good. I guess I will have to go back and try them again.  Today I visited since the last couple days I been looking for a good place for slices in the Tri Valley. It had been awhile since I visited this place. I came in around 2pm and I was the only customer there and there was never one time someone was acting cocky or a jerk so I don't know what other YELPers are talking about. They were pretty cool. The slice itself was huge, it had a good helping of mushrooms and sausage. It is the same as every other place I went to in the area. A slice from a pre-made pizza then topped and put it the oven. Maybe if they found a way to make fresh slices it would set them apart but for the price it was good!   I would come back.  

                I love this place!  very good pizza, and beef and lamb kebobs. Great service, especially Shaun and Asifi who took good care of us. We will surely be back!  

                These guys are great for parties. They have a King Kong sized pizza was is huge!! Like, they must have a giant oven because this thing is huge. They also have good salads that you can order with your pizzas to make it a well-balanced meal ;). We haven't tried the kabobs, and we haven't eaten in. We only have ordered for parties, but  everyone seems to love it.  We will be in soon to try the Afghan cuisine too!  

                If you're tired of dining at your generic chain pizza restaurants, this is a nice unique local place to go to for pizza.  I came here to dine in for lunch and had their food delivered to my house too.  When I dined in, I had their lunch portions.  The price was very fair, but the portions were on the small size.  At least the flavor of the food was pretty decent.  When I ordered delivery, I finally got a chance to order their Kabobs.  My friends and I ordered about $100 worth of food.  Similar to my lunch experience, the food was good, but the portions were small.  My friends & I ate everything, but could have eaten more.  I will definitely come back here, but probably just for dine-in.  

                This place is so awesome. First off, they deliver. This is a God-send on busy days at the office or days when I just don't feel like facing the world lol.   I always get the same thing which is the chicken kabob(and sometimes mozzarella sticks because this place is awesome and I can do that!!!!) which comes with rice, salad, really yummy bread and this amazing green sauce.   Their delivery has always been very quick for me and the delivery guys have always been super polite and sweet. The food is delicious and always hot when I get it. I definitely recommend this place. I've never been to the actual establishment but just based on the delivery experiences I've had, I'm sure it's awesome too :)  

                They were one of the few places open past 10pm.   Ordered a half gourmet veggie and half all meat gluten-free pizza tonight. Online ordering is available but we called it in this time. Placing the order was a quick and easy process.   They are very generous with the toppings. The pizza was tasty. I can't wait to try their other speciality pizzas.  

                Horrible customer service  Very rude  The co owner goes outside has a cigarette Leaves the door open  Smoke travels inside while eating our food  Had to ask too close the door Comes back doesn't even wash his hands and goes back to cooking   I have been here when Haseeb (owner) is working  A Very nice guy  Maybe he should teach his employees a thing or two  Wish you guys luck He just lost a valuable customer!!!!!  

                A -town? A-mazing!  This is the go-to place for solid, huge slices of fresh pizza. Unlike other pizza-by-the slice joints, A-Town makes your slice fresh to order. For 4.75, I got a freshly-cooked one topping slice that I could have easily shared. It's huge!  For the price and taste, this is my go-to pizza for San Ramon and Danville.  

                Delicious Kebabs and Pizza! I've tried pretty much everything on the menu and all of it has been fantastic! The guys are fairly personable and I like to watch the A's on TV as well!  I'll certainly keep going back!  

                I really had high hopes for this location as I want to support our fellow afghans, but after tasting what they had to offer, I just couldn't be anything other than honest.  It was our first time here and we ordered pizza, kabob, bolani, garlic twists, chicken wings, and mozzarella sticks. (A lot, I know, but we wanted to get a taste of everything.)  Here are the results:  Garlic twists- pretty good, after i put them in my toaster oven for a few minutes Pizza- very dry, not cooked enough so the cheese wasn't melted properly and had almost no pizza sauce.  Kabob - not bad, but lacked flavor, Khyber pass is 1000 times better. Chicken wings- very undercooked and unappetizing  Bolani - potatoes inside were not cooked and it was soggy Cheese sticks- so bad I couldn't even finish one and had to throw it away.  Overall- not worth your money, Costco pizza is better and Khyber pass has much better kabob.  To top it off, the young man at the register was extremely rude and arrogant. Will never eat here again, sorry to say.  

                I think the pizza is decent here, but the real attraction is the kabob! Can't speak highly enough about it, the beef tekah and chicken are excellent! Prices are reasonable and there's a real mom and pop feel to the dining experience, very family friendly. I recommend add I would eat here again.  

                Combining two polar opposite types of food in one restaurant  typically results in epic failure.  However, these guys NAILED IT.   First, the Afghan Cuisine.  Kabobs, Bolani, Mantu etc, marinated & cooked to perfection. I have no idea what they put on their special sauce but it is tangy & tasty as ever.  Now the Italian. Yum.  Pizza is delicious & HUGE.  Highly recommend these guys for any party or business function. The lasagna is incredible as well.  Haven't had the chance to try the other items but I'm assuming that I won't be disappointed.  Customer service was friendly & genuine & I can't wait to go back :)  

                Decent place. I usually come in for the 'meat-lovers' pizza since it is halal/kosher. Also agree with other reviews - the staff is a bit arrogant and/or rude. The first time I tried this place, I asked the cashier if the meat was halal (just wanted to double check before I endulged in all kinds of meat), and he gave me an answer as if I was questioning his life. I'm all for supporting these type of joints, but get your staff to smile and relax a bit.  

                Wow.  What an unexpected pleasure!  Looking for an open pizza restaurant on our road trip on Christmas eve.  Stumbled on this place...Afghan and pizza???  Really?  Oh my gosh. Definitely want to come back on the way home if possible.  The lamb kebab was amazing.  Perfectly char grilled with a spice sprinkled rice.  The Greek pizza was delish.  Chris was a real highlight...young guy took the time to chat with us about the food, culture, history of his family's cooking.  Wishing the whole family and staff a very happy holiday season and I look forward to coming back!   And I rarely say that about a casual stop in for travel food!  

                You're looking for a pizza place that will satisfy that empty place in your stomach that only the sweet taste of cheese, pepperoni, and crunchy crust can fill. Boy do I have the place for you. This place used to be New York Pizza but the name was changed and now they're called A-Town Pizza and Kabob. I have no idea why the name was changed but the quality still exceeded for me.   You know how big Costco slices of pizza are, and if you don't you've been living under a rock. They are big. But once you've had A-Town Costco slices look like their samples. Their slices are huge and fill even the hungriest of guys I would know I'm a pretty big guy myself. Can't say much else about the food since I only eat there for the pizza but in sure it's fantastic.  

                This place was much better back when it was called New York Pizza.  When we moved to Danville several years ago, we were looking for a new pizza place and found this gem.  They had one of the best pizza sauces out there.  But after trying their new set up and pizza, not good.  Sad to see the pizza go down in quality.  Won't be returning  

                Nestled in one of San Ramon's anonymous-looking strip malls is a restaurant serving an odd combination of food: Afghani and pizza. On one visit a colleague and I split a combination pizza. It was generously sized and tasted pretty good. On another visit I was by myself and ordered the lunch combination with one slice of pizza and a salad for some great price like $7. The slices here are HUGE. Unfortunately they're nowhere near as good as the whole pizzas. The slice was flavorless and came on thin, overcooked crust. Hey, so some of their stuff isn't great. But some of it is. Next time I'll try their Afghani food.  

                I used to go to this pizza shop in Alameda but now they have a San Ramon location. I don't know if that location closed, great pizzas and good food. The prices a little above average here  

                Wow - this place cranks out excellent chicken kabob rice plates and unbelievably good pizzas!  The key for dinner kabob is to be there within 15 minute if ordering to ensure the food is piping hot.  The Chicken Kabob are smoky, spicy, and juicy - exceeding Emeryville's Pamir in quality.  They also include a side salad, rice, and a nice piece of seasoned grilled bread.  I also tried their small veggie gourmet pizza on thin crust.  At 12" diameter it can feed two.  I enjoyed the balance of sauce and toppings - lots of artichokes, spinach, mushrooms, and tomato all sliced thin and perfectly distributed.  Crust was crispy and not oily at all.  Definitely one of the best executed pizzas I've had.  Definitely recommend this place - hard to go wrong with either the Afghan or Pizza menu.  They also offer pasta options and appetizers like wings along with salads.  

                I would definitely eat here again. I had the mantu. It was certainly tasty. The rest of my party also had offerings from the Afghan cuisine portion of the menu (kabobs, etc.) and everyone seemed to enjoy their meals.  

                Highly suggest trying this place! Deep dish pizza, bbq wings and garlic twists are my new fav  

                I got the gyro and it was just ok.  The meat wasn't fresh. It tasted and looked like the frozen meat you can get at the stores. Also,  it took over a half hour to get my gyro.  I wouldn't recommend this place to others for Mediterranean food.  Can't comment on the pizza though.  

                A little late on this review, but ordered pizza from here on Superbowl Sunday. Pizza was ready on time and delicious. The garlic chicken was Legit! I love this place!  

                I was looking forward to a kabob place in San Ramon. Got a chicken kabob plate to go, saw a man eating it asked the guy who took my order what the guy was eating.  Just be aware that the to go plates have half the portion you get when your eating there. It wasn't anything too exciting. They were open around 10:45pm, almost everything closes at 9pm in San Ramon or sooner. I would never get the chicken kabob to go at almost $10 per plate again.   The good thing is if your in San Ramon , they are open late , but Nations next door is open late as well :) it was my first time and it was towards closing . If they have coupon , your town monthly , groupon , yelp deal or a <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Frestaurant.com&s=c5fe485af4df376130bee54f875814d79c4d7913e1258123b1206d2bdbf4873b" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">restaurant.com</a> deal then maybe I will give it a try again but I wouldn't go pay regular price.  

                I'm leaving town but before I do I just have to give this place a plug. Ever since I "discovered" it 3 weeks ago I've taken 3 different people here, all of whom have been blown away by their food.  Order a slice of pizza and you get one that could almost double as a table cloth. Not taste, but size...  I ordered the chicken kabob lunch special the first time I was here, and it was so good I couldn't stop thinking about it, so I went back a few times just for that. They give you a generous amount of white meat chicken (I've never been able to finish), lots of basmati rice, some kind of flat bread that's soft and delicious along with some tasty sauce to dip it in, a nice sized salad, and a drink.  I can't stop coming back. The other day I went in there for dinner and got the same thing. They still knock it out of the park at dinner time.  Really, this restaurant is one of the reasons I hate leaving this area. It simply cannot be beaten for price, portion, or deliciousness.  

                My first time going here and it was an amazing customer service experience and even better pizza! I would highly recommend coming here.  

                This place has good food at reasonable prices, a good selection of pizza,  kabobs and gyros, a must visit place.  

                So here's the rub, it use to be New York Pizza it was good and at first I was sad it closed,...." But" now it's A town anyway they have the best pizza (I'm not kidding) but more than that they are welcoming, they  laugh with you, interact make you feel like part of there family. Their friendliness and attention to detail with each  each customer that comes in (No favorites Here)  is BETTER than most high end restaurants I go to Kudos to you guys ALL OF YOU  no one person stands out but each make a strong and welcoming team. Thanks all of you  for being the kind of place I want to review about and come back to...  Mike Wallace  

                I really like this place. I can only eat halal and this is halal! Their pizza is really good and their lasagna is excellent. I also usually get the BBQ wings and those are excellent. It's moderately priced. Oh and if you buy just one slice of pizza THEY ARE HUGE/ENORMOUS. I love this place and come once a month as it is 30+ miles away. I love it!  

                Decent pizza but really amazing kabobs. Highly recommended. This will be my go to place in Danville.  

                Yelped this place and it had great reviews . Ended up ordering half garlic chicken pesto and combination pizza. Ummmm, it was not favorful at all. Just tasted like a thin crusted pizza with toppings. The  ingredients didn't gel together as well as I thought, kind of dry.  

                We have been ordering from here for years. We love their pizza, it's always been great. We moved a bit down the road putting us on the boarder of San Ramon. I've had to call to check on our delivery, as I did tonight & the guy that addressed my call was rude & unprofessional! He talked over me with his apologies & then hung up on me. This has now happened twice, once when we lived across the street & now again since we've moved. I don't think there is ever a good excuse for this type of behavior. Management needs to address the jerk face that is attempting to provide their customer service. Their food food may be good but there's probably only one guy there that has manors.  

                This restaurant is the absolute worst place I have ever been. Especially on Eid Day!  (1) Their food is exceptionally over priced. $7 for a slice of pizza?  Why was he charging me $7 when their extra large pizza is $21.  Doesn't make any sense!  (2) These are the rudest people I have ever come across at a restaurant. When I questioned the worker about $7 per slice of pizza, he told me that I didn't have to cry about it. My wife asked the man not to be rude and he shunned her away saying that I shouldn't cry.   Nice way to treat women!  When I asked for his name, he refused to give me his name and told me "get out of my line". I again asked for his name and he told me "no you can't have my name - now get out". Other people were present and couldn't believe how he was treating me and my wife. Some people were so disturbed that they actually left the line and decided to eat elsewhere on Eid.  I advise every person NOT to eat at this restaurant and to support such rude, uncouth, ungracious, un-mannered, insolent and barbaric people.  I have never been so ill treated at a restaurant in all my life. Terrible Terrible Terrible. I will work day and night and encourage people NEVER to eat at this place. Horrible.  If I could give them a NEGATIVE star - I would.  What a disaster.  

                Some fuckin kick ass pizza my nigga. These cats support mv and I support dem. Mustang straight reppin. #squad  

                I did take out through yelp here and it was a really nice process. This was my first time eating their food and I have no complaints on it. Only suggestion is to have a system to tell you how long before going in to pick it up. I guessed 25 mins but it was more like 30-35. (A Friday night 7:30ish) So I had a short wait, which was fine. But if they had a timeline that'd be great!  

                this is like the fifth time here.... (from Ohio otherwise it would be more)  I find it funny of those who don't like the pizza here.  I've eating pizzas literally all of the world.  even comparing pizza from italy pizza this is an equal match.  in the United States we are use too pappa John,  domino's and any other fast food electric oven pizza.  this place is a true artisan in pizza.. I will always come here.  

                Food is great! I love the meat lasagna! I always order delivery and I order it through their website. I don't even have to call in! Makes my life easier. They're always on time and that's all I really need!   I love that there is so much variety, pizza, pasta, afghan food. You name it. There's not enough places in San Ramon that deliver and the few that do, you're stuck with the same old boring stuff. A town is the way to go for me. Hassle free good food right to your doorstep. Nice job guys!  

                Wow!!! Old school gigantic slices of pizza.  Had a slice with pepperoni and pineapple and it was awesome. It was cripsy, and cheesy. Also I love that they have an old school gas oven that cooks the slice to perfection. All the new school places have conveyors which never get that crispyness like an old school place. Also got an order of chicken kabobs which were also on point. Juicey and spiced just right! Will definitely be coming back to this place and its also so close to 24 hr fitness so you can for sure get a good kabob plate with salad and rice to get those carbs and protein after a good work out.  

                Dude: Large slice of 2 topping slice pie, a salad, and drink for under $6 bucks? That's what I call a lunch special. I come here for lunch during the week and it's amazing. While you can beat the lunch rush if you come in before 12, its the service and price that can't be beat here. The size of one slice, is actually 2 slices cut in half. My co-workers have had the spaghetti and meatballs which is also legit and a HUGE helping which comes with garlic bread.   And did I mention they do a "everything but the kitchen sink" slice that is also super delish and amazing??? A must try for anybody looking to go beyond their comfort zone. YOu won't be able to finish it, which means you'll get a nice snack for later. :)  Be prepared to spend little, eat a lot, take food home, and leave HAPPY.  

                This place is really good! My boyfriend and I got there 10 mins before they closed and they were so friendly and didn't mind putting in our pizza order. The owners and the workers were all very friendly and ready to serve. We ordered the All Meat pizza and it was delicious! Pipping hot, thoroughly cooked, delicious crust and toppings. We will come back again!  

                Love their pizza! I've been coming here since I was in high school and I stop here every time I travel home. Their lunch special is the bomb...seriously the biggest slice of pizza I've ever seen.  Would give them five stars but a couple of the guys who work there are not exactly the friendliest.  

                **3.5 stars**  PIZZA TAKE OUT  I was craving pizza tonight.   I wanted something low key as I've already enjoyed plenty of Mother's Day weekend festivities for a few days.  Although I like BHP, I refuse to go.  Amici's is good,  but sometimes they are too extra crispy (burnt) for my liking.  Hubs is more into pizza and wanted to try out this place based on the high reviews.   He ordered & picked up.  I thought it was good---hot,  fresh ingredients.   The sauce just enough, was good and cheese wasn't too oily or stale as it can get when cold.  I do like the NY style thin crust.  But I would have preferred the crust to hold up a little more.   Don't get me wrong,  I still ate 3 slices, which I never do.  The tip of the pizza ingredients kept sliding off.  But folding helps.  :)   My 4 yr old & Hubs enjoyed it.  I think he is FINALLY going to try other non-franchised pizza establishments from now on.  He always feels that the other places are over priced,  BUT good.  He likes A - Town.  We will probably try their kabobs next time as we usually go to Pamir for Afghan food.  

                Afghan and pizza sounded intriguing, but I was somewhat deceived. I was expecting Afghan cuisine and flavors on pizza, but it's just like any other pizza joint but they serve some Afghan dishes. Prices are a little bit up there for pizza. I ordered the Pesto Chicken Pizza. The pizza came out timely, but wasn't too impressed by it. The crust had a decent crunch, the quality of toppings were just okay.  Also ordered a side of potato bolani. The bolani was average. If you know anything about bolani, it's all carbs and is bigger than the pizza here. There was a lot of potato and not enough yogurt.  I haven't tried any of their kabobs, but for a pizza joint, this place is mediocre.  

                So we heard about this place from a relative, they said the bolani which was cooked in a brick oven was amazing. So we gave it a shot. Well let's just say I've had better bolani before. It lacked flavor and the bread part was not very appetizing either. Then came the kabob...delicious and juicy, HOWEVER very small portions. Not worth the price of $12.00 per plate. I don't think I'll be going back there again.  

                Hot as Hades in here!  This was my first time here and it was easy to make the decision to take my kabobs to-go.  It was definitely too hot in the kitchen for me.  But I'm thankful for that "kitchen" because it produce the tastiest, juiciest kabobs eva!   I tried the steak kabobs and it came with a fantastic piece of bread, some better than average rice, and  herb sauce.   Next time I hope the AC is on so I can dine in and try their pizza.  Those ovens look promising.  

                Hands down the best pepperoni and cheese pizza I've had in a long time! Delicious! My kids agree it's the best around. With all the pizza joints in our hometown of Castro Valley, we leave our city limits to have a pizza that tastes as good as it looks. Perfect amount of sauce, perfect amount of cheese and just the right amount of care goes into making these pies. You can taste the love in each bite. I thought, "pizza and kabobs? That's weird". But it works and thank goodness I found it.  

                I ordered 2 pizzas here and basically my cousin told the guy we would like a BBQ. Chicken pizza and I told him to add onions and cilantro. And then instead the chef adds tomato and mushroom the pizza was very nasty will not be back  

                This is now one of our favorite pizza places. Perfect crust. We normally order gourmet veggie.  

                We have been ordering from A-Town since it opened and before its new ownership it was NY Pizza.  When I called to order pizza (thinking it's still NY Pizza) they answered the phone with "ATown Pizza" and I thought I had the wrong number but I didn't care because I wanted pizza.  So we ordered and they delivered and all was good.  Our usual is the King Kong/Party Size (whatever they call the biggest pizza on their menu) and sometimes we change up the order but usually we ask for Afghani style (all veggies plus gyro meat instead of beef).  My husband ordered exactly this for a boxing event he hosted and they delivered the pizza MINUS THE MEAT!!!! (Please keep in mind it was an ALL GUYS event...and MEN eat MEAT!) So he called back a few minutes after they left and was told that they would take care of him the next time he orders.    Couple weeks later, I wanted pizza again, we ordered and I told them about the meat inicident and the guy tells me, "I'll credit you the beef."  ARE YOU SERIOUS????? I wanted to cancel my order and hang up the phone, but I am not rude, so I accepted the deal and let it be.  Considering we are a regular at ordering pizzas from their shop and I sometimes go in and pick up the order myself, I would think they would recognize me or my husband's phone number and treat us as their regulars.  Other considerate pizza shops acknowledge their mistake and credit an entiire pizza and trust me it's not the free pizza that has me calling them back but rather their consideration.  I wish ATown would have done the same.  I don't hold grudges and support local businesses that's why I keep ordering from them.   We have ordered the kabob which is alright, the gyros which is good and the bolani which i would not recommend.  

                The pizza here is amazing and the kabobs are great too. The kabobs and rice are on par with a high end restaurant, surely won't disappoint.   I order exclusively via the Yelp App and my order shows up perfect every time.  

                My review is for the delivery service. They are right on time and ordering on Yelp makes it so easy and convenient.  I catered from here for a Pizza Party and at least 4-5 people were asking where I got the Pizzas from.  

                Rude people who insult their customers! Shame on you A-Town Pizza. I will never eat there and tell everyone in the community not to eat there either.  

                8.99 lunch kabob special! :)) good food for a good deal!!!  

                Pizza was dry, chicken and beef kabobs lacked taste, wings were undercooked, mozzarella sticks tasted like plastic and to top it all off service was mediocre.  

                I've tried many pizza places as well as kabob and gyros places, I always come back here knowing that I will be more than satisfied. I recommend them to everyone!  

                We had pizza from here on our way to LA.  Had garlic supreme and bbq chicken supreme . Both were good .  I liked bbq more and hubby liked other one more.   Nice place and pleasant servers.  Offered us refills also for our drinks.   Only downside was not so clean restroom.   So if you ignore that, food here is good .  

                Went here many times the last two years, and the Pizza quality continues to degrade.  They used to make a nails NY style thin crust pizza.  Now they make pizza with crust like you get at the Contra Costa County Fair in Pleasanton.  And when I called in my order the guy who answered the phone sounded like he hated working there.  I asked if they still made a NY style thin crust and he responded with a lackluster "yea".  No more pizza from this joint for me.  

                This has been the third time i am coming here. My favorite dishes are tikka kabob and lamb chop kabob. The meat is very soft tender and juicy. I can tell the way they marinate the meat is better than others.  I do not know the name of green sauce that comed with the kabob but it is awsome. I love it when i get the seat right accross from the flat  screen tv.  

                The best pizza joint in the 94526. Coupons make this already reasonable place a steal. They deliver just like most pizza places but they also do sandwich's and kabobs. Also the individual slices are huge.  

                My friends and I ended up going to A-Town for a quick pizza. But while we were getting ready to order we noticed some of the people were eating Kabob and gyros. So we tried those. At first I was a little skeptical that the Gyros wouldn't be very good. Also got the Vegetarian Pizza and hmmmm delicious!   It was actually beyond my expectations. Chicken and beef kabobs were nicely grilled. Rice were perfectly cooked and the side cucumber salad was delicious.  The service was great and we really enjoyed sitting in A-Town eating our food.  

                We ordered for our first time delivery and was very pleased. It was here quickly, fresh, tasty and SO MUCH FOOD. Definitely going to be our go to spot from here on out.  

                I started playing pool nearby in walking distance and I saw A-Town. I love Afghan food so I tried the beef / chicken combo kabob and it didn't disappoint! It was so flavorful. The rice and veggies were cool and fresh too. The only small thing I wanted more of was more rice! I'll be back and ask for a little more rice next time (polynesians need more rice!)  

                Visited this place for lunch. The portion size for the pizza lunch special is HUGE. The pizza is thin crust and made fresh. Flavor-wise it was just OK though.   The kabob lunch special also has a decent portion size. The meat was fairly tender and came with rice.   I would recommend the kabobs over the pizza at this place.  

                We came here to eat pizza and kabob and we were not disappointed.  They have an excellent service and great food. I highly recommend this eatery and they deliver as well.  

                Thanks to Yelp I found this place and decided to five it a try because of the quirky combo on pizza and kabobs. U just had to try both a pizza and a kabob and they both were very good.  The pizza had fresh ingredients with a crust that was soft inside, but crunchy outside...just the way i like it. The kabob, actually kabobs (ordered the combo of chicken and beef) were very flavorful and well cooked. The kabob dish came with basmati rice, salad  and flat bread.   The service was excellent and friendly, the restaurant was clean.  I will definitely return.  

                After a long day of work we ordered pizza, kabob, bolani, and mantu to be delivered to our store. We requested the food be delivered before 8:30 and the delivery guy was here at 8:26 on the dot. Everything we ordered was delicious and our order was delivered perfectly and on time. Nothing more we could have asked for. Thank you A Town for the food and service! We'll surely order again soon.  

                I've been here twice but still don't see what the hype is about.  It must be a quantity vs quality thing for many people.  

                As good as it gets over in tri-valley.  Usually when you have a restaurant that specializes in 2 things they do neither very well.   This place is the exception -- they have impressive pizza and Afghani cuisine.  When it comes to delivery, there is no one who can compare, and you have a truly broad choice of food to choose from.   Their kabobs are excellent as well as their Gyros.   But their Pizza is just as good -- if they only had that, I would rate it 5 stars.  Lately I go for vegetarian gourmet (they have an excellent white sauce), but all types I've tried are delicious.   You really cannot go wrong here.     Further, their delivery folks are excellent -- prompt and polite.   They also stay open later than most delivery places.  

                Their pizza is amazing! My family and I order from here regularly, or at least did. I'm not one to negatively review a place, but the lack of customer service here left me no choice. More specifically, the thin older gentleman (50 years old or so) with the unnatural jet black hair and mustache. I believe he is the owner. Long story short, it took them over 1.5 hours to deliver pizza they said would only take 45 minutes. I'm not an unreasonable person and understand stuff happens. My issue is that when I called and spoke to the manager (thin old man) he never once apologized, instead he was totally defensive and rude. After I got off the phone with him my husband called bc of how frustrated he got with how he spoke to me. Once again, defensive and rude. He then said he would credit me back $5 on my card bc of the inconvenience, which he still hasn't btw. We weren't calling him to get any sort of refund, we were just trying to see when our pizza would arrive. He severly lacks  customer service, everyone else in there is very nice tho. The delivery guy (long blonde hair) was very apologetic and nice, which was kind. I love supporting smaller "mom n pop" type businesses, but this man's lack of customer service really sucked. Smh.  

                My husband and I love this place, it has the perfect combination for both of us. He loves pizza and I love kabobs so it's one of my favorite places and is conveniently located down the street. The staff is always friendly the service is fast and the price is awesome. Hard to complain about this place :)  

                Tasted like "fake" cheese - I was really excited about the pizza I ordered last night! When we got it, it looked great, it was nice and hot, it was apparent they added the extra sauce we asked for but when I took my first bite, the cheese was awful! It was tacky, not stringy like real mozzarella. It tasted and looked old and processed. If they would just correct this one thing, fresh real mozzarella, you might have a winner. It was so bad we ended up throwing the pizza out after one piece. There is so much great competition in the area. It's a shame.  I just edited to give two stars instead of one as the people are REALLY nice.   Please change your cheese and you will have a regular!  

                Gyros on point!  

                A town was at the fair grounds for the Eid Prayer and let me tell you the food was delcious and the service was great.There was a long line but they were trying to move it as fast as they could. There were 3 emplyees, a nice young man at the register and 2 ladies handling the food. Their pizza slices were really big and it was only $6. They also had some delcious desserts. WE really enjoyed the food and are happy to have stopped at their booth.  

                Yum!  My husband's family introduced us to this place. I ordered the chicken kabob, which was sooo good, words cant even describe it. My husband had the chopan kabob which he loved as well. The pizza was with halal pepperoni and it was THE BEST i have ever had.  I would recommend this place to anyone who likes their pizzas to be NY style and afghan kabobs that are authentic to the T.  Loved it and have become regulars after jumaah prayer!  

                For a quick grab and eat, not fancy but delicious! Fun, great selection, yum! I loved my lamb, kids loved the pasta:) I'm glad we stopped!  

                Love this place! Great pizza, great kabobs, and awesome customer service! The place is clean and affordable as well. I have been here many times and I am always happy with what I order :)  

                This place looks like your typical, cozy pizza parlor...until you notice the owners and staff are Afgani and the restaurant serves up some delicious kabobs. (The lamb kabobs come highly recommended!) Everything is extremely tasty, and at an affordable price too.   Also, the staff are extremely friendly and provide the environment for your party. Since my parents and I were the first of the dinner guests to fill the place, our server noted we wanted a special meal so he seated us (typically you order at the register) and offered us wine. He also turned down the television. Ali (our waiter) made the evening special for my parents (who are visiting the area) by checking in regularly, toping off our glasses, and providing light banter throughout the meal.  Some recommendations: go for the dessert (the cakes are actually quite good), get a  salad with the special green herb dressing, and mention this is your first time at the restaurant (you may get a surprise)  

                Got the lamb kabobs and was the best lamb I've had. Sister ordered the patio bolani and was tastey and huge!  Pizza was great as well. Highly recommend this place along with the friendly guys there.  

                Came here once again and was not disappointed. Not only great food, but consistently great!  Had the lamb chops and they were amazing.  

                Haven't even had the chance to try the pizza but their customer service is poor.  Ordered a pizza to be picked up at 6:30 this evening.  Called back 5 minutes later to change it to delivery and was told the had a lot of deliveries and it would be about an hour.  At 8:15pm I called to check on the order and was told my pizza was still sitting there.  Apparently the person who answered the phone when I changed the order to delivery didn't put the change through.  It will now be another 30 minutes for delivery... I asked for a new pizza, rather than the one still sitting there, so will see what we get.  Certainly NOT impressed with the service... and am still waiting to rate their pizza.  

                Quite pleased with my experiences.  I have been to A-Town pizza a couple times for lunch. The slices are enormous and are definitely a fair price. Made to order, but the wait is not very long at all. I work down the street and always end up with 30 minutes left on my lunch even after i finish eating. Even with pepperoni and linguica, the slices were not too greasy.  Fresh pizza served quickly and easy parking = definitely worth the time.  

                Was told 45 min, but took over hour.  Driver called to tell me my address didn't exsist, then twice more for directions.  Pizza needed to be reheated.  Wings had no flavor.  Very overpriced for quality.   I will not be ordering from them again.  

                This place is actually pretty good. Their pizza and kabobs are tasty. The staff is also very nice, I called at 9:30pm which is past their delivery time but they still delivered to me which was very nice. Thanks A-town!  

                I came here because of the rating. The pizza is OK.... Nothing special really thin almost has like a frozen pizza taste. Pepperoni's aren't the best tasting.  

                The pizza was proper NYC style, and they have a huge TV on which to watch ESPN during lunch. Ding ding dijng, winner!  

                I've only had the pizza here, but the pizzas are much tastier than your average casual pizza place. They have lots of fresh ingredients and excellent options for making your own combinations.   In my personal opinion, the only downside is the television set, which I find unpleasantly distracting.  

                Great pizza and really good Afghan food. Customer service is amazing.  We recently moved into the area and have become regulars.  Highly recommended!!!  

                this review is strictly for the pizza.   This place is probably one of my go to spots for affordable and quality pizza.   The $6 slices look like they came from a 4xl pizza and the owners are hilarious and always jolly.   The TV is always running with some sports or news.   The crust is thin but doughy and the pizza is slightly crispy because it is so thin.   They also deliver with a minimum charge and I've heard their kabobs are awesome!  

                Great pizza great price  2 lg pies  Wings  And cheese bread !!!  

                I do not know what I would do without A-town- (Probably cook more, haha). Once a week I order from A-town. We have tried the pasta, pizza, wings, garlic bread and Kabobs! Oh and don't forget the Chocolate cake. The chocolate cake is the extra $3+/- you need to put you to the $15 delivery mark. Oh did I mention they deliver to Danville!?? Winner Winner kabob/pizza/pasta dinner! Fresh, flavorful and affordable. Plus the delivery people are always super friendly- and i like that I can order online. Sometimes I will even order to the office for lunch because it is so easy.  

                I don't get the raves about the pizza here. It tasted like frozen grocery store pizza.  

                Ok, the pizza was amazing! I was nervous to try it, but after reading reviews I decided to try it. So worth it, and the people were so friendly!  

                I loved New York pizza that used to reside at this location.  I thought I would give these new guys a shot.  Man was I disappointed in the pizza - no better than a grocey store deli pizza - flat, lack luster, nothing stood out as special or particularly good.  Can we bring back New York pizza please??  

                I ordered pizza and kabobs for delivery. The online ordering system was good, delivery was prompt and the delivery guy courteous. The pizza was one of the best pizzas i have had. We had the kabobs once before too and they are delicious. This will be my goto restaurant in future. Definitely recommended.  

                Great pizza at an affordable price. We got a large extra pepperoni & mushroom and a family size salad for just about about $20 using a $4 off coupon from a local magazine. Pizza was BIG and delicious. As another Yelper mentioned, it's nice to have a locally owned place here in San Ramon where everything seems to be a chain. I'll definitely be ordering from here again.  

                Third best pizza in east bay IMO. That says  a lot because I have had a lot of Pizza. I tried the beef kabobs and they were excellent as well. The staff was very nice  

                This place is a find! Coming from Fremont I couldn't find a good clean kabob place. A town makes great kabobs and everything is fresh. The pizza is also very good and their chutney is off the charts!  

                Wow. Do not have a clue where the great reviews come from. Ordered takeout and delivery strictly based on reviews. Ordered wings. They were soggy, undercooked, and no spice. Pizza was very below average. Will not be giving this a second chance.  

                Not recommend at all it was first time that i been there the pizza was over cooked not testy they charge double rip off costumers never and never go back not a good place for eating!!!!  

                In regards to the review below about the kabobs, I'd say the chicken kabob is the juiciest I've had yet and the Lamb kabob is super flavorful. =)  

                This place is awesome!! Turkey dinner is delayed so we needed something to hold the kids over. I seen the other great reviews and gave this place a shot. The pizza was perfect--- not too much cheese and grease, and plenty of pepperoni! I found my pizza place for when I'm in town:) I recommend this place!  

                We didn't even know this place existed until just this past week.  We happened to look inside the coupons that come in the mail to see if there were any good coupons and saw this place that had Pizza and Kabobs.  I thought it was an interesting combo, but figured we would have to try it out sometime.  I ended up getting the Beef and Chicken Kabob.  it came with a side salad, bread, and rice.  The rice is absolutely amazing.  I could eat a plate of just that.  The bread is my favorite with the special sauce they provide.  The Chicken was good as well.  My husband got a Gyro and I tried a bite of that and thought that was awesome.  I would definitely come here again. Also, I saw people order their pizza and it looked very good and want to try that as well.  Also, they do offer delivery!!  PLUS PLUS!!  

                I stumbled in here for a late lunch after a round of golf.  I was looking for something new or different.  Because they offer Kabobs and Pizza, I was attracted.  They have pastas, salads and sandwiches as well.  It turned out to be a terrific find!  While perusing the menu for Kabobs, I could not find Kofte or Koobideh, a sort of a ground meat sausage.  I asked about it and was immediately told that they would make it for me!  And they did.  And, it was excellent.  It's not on the menu but they had the ingredients so THEY MADE IT FROM SCRATCH FOR ME!  It came with a nice salad w/dressing of my choice and a generous serving of fluffy Basmatic Rice sprinkled with Sumac for added flavor.  A basket of warm, fresh Afghan bread with butter was delivered to me while they made my Kabob.  The Kabob lunch was very satisfying and a bargain at $10.99!  I should have taken half of it home but it was so good, I ate the whole thing.  Following this experience, I took my wife for a slice of pizza after a good movie at the theater across the street.  We both ordered their Lunch Special - a slice of pizza, a salad and fountain drink for just $6.99.  I had a Meat Combo and she had Garlic Chicken w/white sauce.  There was a slight up-charge as these were premium pizzas.  We fully expected them to cut up pre-made, stock pizzas and throw them in the oven to reheat.  We were really surprised to see them making us a whole pizza in the half & half format from scratch - just for us.  They cut it in half and I had my "slice" and she had hers!  It's thin crust with a nice balance of toppings evenly spread atop the entire 'slice.'  And it was great!  Our last visit was for dinner.  I had the Lamb Kabob (lamb chops) and my wife had the Chicken Kabob at $11.99/$9.99.  They, too, came with the rice and salad.  Both were excellent.  The lamb was fresh, tender and had a nice, tasty herb/spice rub on it.  The chicken was moist and full flavored.  We were impressed at the cleanliness of the dinning room and the friendly, helpful attitude of the staff.  I really liked Ed, the fellow that took care of me on all 3 visits.  They really try very hard to satisfy!  If it isn't on the menu, ask them about it.  If you want grilled onions or tomatoes or anything else that they might have in-house, just ask for.  They are not just accommodating - they seem very happy to make your dining experience a good one.  It's always fresh from scratch, never sitting around waiting for customers.  It's always tasty and well made and done with care.  And, it's not expensive with generous servings.  What more can I say?!!  I dare you to find a better value with equally good food in the area!  Jim  

                Quite good & as most of the other reviews have mentioned, service was excellent/extremely friendly. I opted for the Combination Chicken and Tekah Kabob as well as a slice of Pepperoni pizza to go. As I waited, they even made me a fresh order of Afghan bread with a tasty green sauce (I believe Chatni?) which was a great starter. The kabob's were definitely authentic & quite tasty & the pizza was thin/HUGE NY style with a very crispy crust (even passed the wifey test who's a thin-crust pizza snob). Great place to go to satisfy whatever funky craving you may have.  They made it too convenient as a 1-stop shop... Seriously, where else would you go for Sandwiches, Hot Wings, Pizza/Pasta, Calzones & last but not least... kabobs?  There's even a nice large/flat-screen in the dining area to kick back & watch the game should you dine-in. Strictly for kabobs, best ever is still De Afghanan Kabob House in Fremont but having this hidden little gem in San Ramon (my residence) will definitely satisfy my in-town cravings. Keep up the great service/quality/portions (slice of pizza was insanely huge) & you've definitely got yourself another regular customer. I'll be back...  

                Had to give it a try.  The combination of kabobs and pizza?  The chicken kabobs were fantastic and the beef kabobs were pretty tender.  Salad, rice and flatbread came with the combo kabobs.  All very good.  Pizza was pretty reasonable.  Not the best pizza I have ever had but serviceable.  Got to watch the OKC Thunder and Dallas Mavs on the big screen television.  Most of the people who ate there had pizza and kabobs.  If you go for a slice, be ready for a monster slice.  Service was great and people working there really wanted to know if the food was okay with us (it was).  

                I can only speak for the pizza, never tried the Kabob. The pizza is pretty good with nice large slices and good ingredients, great by California standards. It is more like New York style which I prefer. Fairly priced, definately recommended.  

                I came in around 3 for lunch.   Yes, it was one of those days where lunch had to wait for a while.    The place was empty as you might expect.   The guys who work there were in back cleaning or restocking or doing any of the million things needed to run a restaurant.   I rung the bell and was promptly greeted by a friendly fellow.   I ordered a meatball sub, a bottle of coke and some chips which came out to be about $8.   That wasn't a bad deal.   The guy taking my order told to me to have a seat and he'd bring it out when it was done.   Before I could sit down, I see that he went and washed his hands exactly like one is supposed to do  between handling money and preparing food.   Great job!    I grabbed a seat that had a good view of the large TV screen and watched a little ESPN.   in no time, the meatball sub was delivered to my table.   It was well done.   The meatballs were cut in to the right size and there was enough sauce so that it was flavorful, but not so much that it was messy.   They press the sub in a panini press which gave it a nice toasty touch.   The sandwich was good and the lunch was worth the money spent on it.    The eating area was very clean and comfortable.   All in all, this is a nice place to come and eat.    Heck, they even have free wifi!    Will I be back?   Yes I will.   Good job guys.  

                A BOGO coupon in the mail for their chicken kabobs brought us in. When they changed names a few months back, I had the impression it was Indian kabob sandwiches. Nicely surprised to find that it's an Afghan diner!  The kabobs were full meals, starting with a large salad. We were offered the usual "American" salad dressings and I had to ask for the spicy cilantro salad dressing. The rice portion was large with a big serving of tasty chicken breast.  The staff was friendly, with the cook coming out from the back and in hesitant English, asking how things were.  A half star off for just having the typical American pizza place drinks: I really like  yogurt soda and mint tea with Afghan food.   We'll be back to try out the beef and lamb kabobs! And then maybe some pizza...  

                This place is so very good. The Beef kabobs are excellent, as is the Lasagna, and wings.  we have food delivered to our place of work as well, all the time.  We hope this restaurant keeps up with their fine quality!!  I am a fan!!  

                This place is awesome. Unfortunately, in San Ramon, we're too often stuck with crappy chains and not enough mom and pop type restaurants that make actual quality foods, much less anything remotely ethnic. This place does. Being a place that sells kabob and pizza, the menu has a lot of variety. The first time I got beef kabob and a slice of pizza. Both were excellent. The sauce that comes with the kabob is awesome, the meat was well cooked and well spiced, and the salad was perfect. The pizza itself was crispy and chewy in the right places and had fresh ingredients. Not to mention that the pizza "slice" was huge and was actually two slices. I've since ordered delivery from here multiple times and the guy that comes to deliver is extremely friendly and gracious.   The restaurant itself is a little small, but it's always clean, has a huge TV, and is pretty friendly. A little hard to find though cuz it's tucked in the corner of a strip mall so I hope these guys survive. If I had any critique, it's that ordering by the slice can be a bit expensive depending on your toppings, but considering how huge it is, it's still worth it.  

                Delicious Kabob plates! Reasonable prices! And they deliver! We use them for our office meetings! Everyone loves them! Warning! The garlic twists are highly addictive!  

                The pizza here has been consistently great the 4-5 times we've ordered it on a lazy night for dinner. I've been wanting to try their kabobs, but the pizza is so good that I always stick to that, though the herbal flavor of the pizza sauce is a little different for some if you aren't expecting it. They usually give us coupons for next time, which is why we tend to go here rather than Round Table or Mountain Mike's...we can get a large pizza with 2 toppings for around $22, which is cheaper than both other options and helps to support a local business, which is always cool to me. Service is usually quick - they say 20 minutes for the order to be ready, and it's 20 minutes when you're leaving the door with a hot pie in hand - and friendly. Check A-Town out the next time you want pizza!  

                This place is great! We wanted to try a new pizza place so we called and had a order delivered.  We got the 2 med. special for 24.99 3 toppings each. Got sun dried tomato, zucchini and shrimp. It was awesome. They put white sauce which went perfect. Other was pepperoni, xtra cheese and garlic. Also good. Quality ingredients. Try this place you will be glad you did.  

                I have been getting pizza here for years, and it has always been outstanding. With the addition of the kabobs, and other choices it is now even better. Everything is always delicious, and the customer service is excellent. Thanks A-Town!  

                I never had the opportunity to eat in the restaurant so I can't say much about the service. However, I have eaten their chopan kabob with rice and nan. Great plate! I'm craving it right now as I write this post.  

