                I loved this place. One of the few places open on Christmas, but quiet as it is tucked out of the way on the north west corner of Alameda. Absolutely gorgeous view!  The food was spot on. I had been to Morocco last Feb and tried a ton of amazing food. Theirs was just as awesome. Had the kefta sandwich which had sweet onions, warm tomatoes lettuce and well seasoned meatballs. The bread was also delish and I was told it was kosher. We also enjoyed traditional moroccan mint tea. The owner was extremely nice and told us about moroccan culture and we shared our experiences.   Hopefully he doesn't move back to Morocco because that food was fantastic. Hope to come back again when I visit the area next!  

                This place is absolutely the best hidden gem in Alameda.  We came here for the pre-fix menu on Saturday night.  The food was great. We started with roasted eggplant, bread, carrots, red bell peppers appetizer. Then we had the choice between chicken or lamb with couscous, caramelized onions, garbanzo beans, and golden raisins. Very delicious!  Free corkage (no fee) BYOB!  Belly Dancing and belly dancing lessons, we hit the dance floor after our meal, how fun!  Tea and cookies to finish, the tea was very sweet for my taste although I am sure that is standard.  Definitely recommend checking this place out.  Great views of San Francisco and the bay!  

                Updated after owner comment:  Yikes! I can't believe the comment received from the owner. The original review was for 3 stars, which was not necessarily a bad review. I enjoyed the food and my experience OK. My only comment was that the place was completely empty which can be uncomfortable. Ambience contributes to the dining out experience.  However, the response from the owner was appalling! See below. He made it personal by attacking me unecessarily. Now I would definitely tell anyone I know not to come to this establishment. Alameda is a a very small town and growing up here, you kind of know a lot of people. Word of mouth travels fast. I cannot recommend anyone support this business that treats people like this...  Comment from Jonathan B. of Abigail's Moroccan Cuisine  Business Owner  10/3/2014 *Hello Ava. I am glad that you enjoyed the food and the service but no one forced you to eat in our empty place, you were lucky that you ate here because most of the time is packed and if I was you, I'll just leave. I can not grab people from outside and bring them into our place so you can enjoy your meal. Don't you have friends?  The place was empty during lunch. Food was good, service was good, just don't enjoy eating alone...  

                Had the prix fixe dinner here on Valentine's day and just loved it. It was a great experience. I didn't love the first course (salad nicoise) but the lamb and couscous was amazing. And what a view! Highly recommended.  

                Abigail's is a bit hard to find, but worth searching for.  They are located by San Francisco Bay so you get a nice view outside the restaurant.  Every Saturday evening, they have a $25 Moroccan dinner special.  It includes salads, chicken tajine, lamb shanks, vegetable couscous, and moroccan mint tea.  There is entertainment also during that dinner which features a Belly dancer and music also.    We were not there on a Saturday evening though.  We came here on a Sunday morning.  We arrived here at about 11am for lunch. The place was entirely empty.  Looked like the place was closed.  Fortunately, for us, they were open.  It felt like we were at a friend's home instead of being in a restaurant.  Very comfortable and the service was great.  Their sandwiches are mostly $7.50 each, and they have plate lunches for $8.75  I tried my wife's Moroccan Salad.  It was quite good.  We both agreed that we would try something else next time though.  ( 3 stars )  My Moroccan Kefta Sandwich on the other hand was superb!  Everything inside the sandwich went so well together.  The caramelized onions and the meatballs were delicious inside this delicacy.  I would order this sandwich again!  (4.5 stars)  Got the chance to try their Moroccan Mint tea.  The young lady who helped us did a fantastic job of pouring the tea for us.  It was a show in itself!  By the way, that Moroccan Mint tea was yummy!  ( 4.5 stars)   Good to know that if we are craving Moroccan food, then we can come here when we're in Alameda.  

                The best kept secret in Alameda.  I would love for everyone on the island to know about this place.   Family run, local business, fresh and delicious food and the best waterfront view.   Try the eggplant salad, the kefta (meatball) sandwich and the mint lemonade.   If you're lucky you'll get to meet Abigail.  

                This is my new favorite restaurant in all of Alameda. Totally worth going out to Ballena bay. I've only had Moroccan here so I can't speak to the sandwiches, but the Moroccan food is fantastic! They have Thursday lunch specials that are bomb!! Both the chicken and lamb were tender and fell off the bone, and I don't usually even like lamb. The couscous was really flavorful and there's always a light salad with it. I usually go with a friend who used to live in Agadir, and he says it's the most authentic Moroccan he's had here. Highly recommend the Harira soup AND the mint tea which is sweet and delicious (and supposedly exactly like they have in Morocco). Can't recommend this little restaurant enough, it's definitely one of Alameda's gems.  

                I first discovered this place when I went to a nearby high school, and I have loved it since. Their Moroccan Kefta sandwich is my personal favorite entree, but I have loved everything I've tried. They often alternate between Moroccan potato salad (Fantastic), Moroccan cooked carrots (good), and Hummus (Homemade, and fantastic) as a side. Johnathon has always been helpful with accommodating my friends with dietary restrictions, and is very friendly and hospitable. I recently dropped by on a Thursday and was delighted to see that they had a traditional Moroccan chicken special which was delicious. It was a whole chicken leg that was perfectly seasoned and tender enough to be eaten easily with just a fork. The view of the bay and San Francisco is gorgeous.  Overall, I just have two gripes with this places; they discontinued their delicious Abigail Juice, and their traditional Moroccan food tends to vary depending on the day because it has to be slow cooked. Sadly, I can't get here often enough now that I no longer live in Alameda.  

                What a hidden gem, located right next to the water, this little place is dishes up some fantastic food.  Had there lentil soup, mint tea, chicken and a meatball parmigiana sandwich.  great food, perfectly prepared, friendly staff, great price and a beautiful location right on the bay.  What is not to love !  

                Refreshing mint tea and flavor bursting potato salad. Cute family atmosphere and 10 out of 10 for the view of San Francisco skyline and Bay. We'll be back! Great bike ride over from Oakland.  

                This place is a little gem.  The chicken sandwich was well seasoned with perfectly grilled onions, roasted tomatoes, and bread that soaked up all those yummy flavors but remained crunchy!   The mint lemonade was so refreshing and you can't really beat the view of the water.  I'm definitely coming back for their Saturday dinner with bellydance and chicken tajine.  

                A real hidden gem. Feels like home. We stumbled on this place for lunch because of the stellar yelp reviews and we weren't disappointed. The food was fresh and authentic. Very kid friendly too with an amazing view.  

                This is the real deal in terms of Moroccan food! It significantly exceeded my expectations. Really a great value if you are looking for a fantastic Mediterranean taste.   It is ran by the owners that have a wonderful sense of hospitality. The bonus is the great sea view!  

                I liked this joint; it has heart. It feels more like you're in someone's home than in a restaurant, and I mean that in a good way. Also, the views of San Francisco that everyone is talking about are as good as they say.       I went on a Saturday, for the prix fixe menu; it sounds like it is an entirely different experience for other times, so bear that in mind.   The first dish was "salad" which was baba ghanoush, roasted red peppers, some new potatoes and green beans. The baba ghanoush was the star of the show; best I've had in a while. Instead of being served with flatbread, which I'm used to in a Moroccan restaurant, it was a standard issue French loaf.   The next course was a choice, lamb or chicken. I chose lamb, and it was a fall-off-the-bone tender shank.   I have to admit, as good as the lamb was, I was jonesin for Chicken Bastilla, Morocco's famous chicken pie. A light, crispy pastry shell with savory saffron chicken, spiced omelet stuffing, and crunchy topping of toasted almonds. Mmmmm. I'm used to it being a standard fare, but not here. I just wanted to point it out (and deducted no stars from the review, mind you).   Belly dancing was fun; she was a pro, getting the whole group up and dancing.   A sweet finish with hot tea and homemade cookies. Again, in the end, just as from the start, that homey feeling shines right through.   A cute hidden spot in Alameda.  

                Simply brilliant. Gorgeous bay view, free wifi, friendly staff, great food decent ambience and not even busy. Too secret, apparently. Check out this treasure!  

                The food, view, service is 5 stars.  For me what was not so fun was the ambiance. Husband and I went on a Saturday evening and it was SO quiet you could hear a pin drop. It was awkward. It feels like we were eating in a the living room of some family member that had put the entire dinning room in time out. It also bugged me that the one time I don't drink I feel like everyone around me was there strictly to drink. People I get the whole no corkage fee thing is 'great' but it felt like some diners were there strictly to have the poor couple running the place be their personal sommeliers.   Alright so I told you about the dead silence, right? Now enter booming music and one pissed off belly dancer. Listen I went for food....and I guess entertainment. Never did I see a sign stating 'one must dance'. Cause home chicken (um, the dancer) seemed quite annoyed that only the kids were willing to try out her moves. So like 15 minutes of some men slipping her singles (gross) and she was GONE. Mind you she left the building with purpose. I swear she was mumbling under her breath, cause she looked pissed.   Again, weird. Could have done without that experience.   I could potentially see myself returning but not rushing back unless we bring a large group of friends to liven up the place.  

                Great food, tea and mellow atmosphere! I took my belly dance students here to observe the live dancer- and she was fabulous! I enjoyed the family owned vibe. I recommend going Saturday night to see the live entertainment! I recommend this for fun date nights, girls night out and special events!  

                Abigail's Moroccan Cuisine is definitely a hidden gem in Alameda.  Went here on a whim over the weekend and I was so pleasantly surprised.  It's a family restaurant, and the owners were very welcoming.  I would suggest making a reservation in advance.  We had just missed the belly dancer, so I can't comment on that, but the food was great. The restaurant is also a BYOB establishment, so if you like wine with dinner, bring your wine of choice.  First there was an appetizer (eggplant, roasted peppers, potato salad, and carrot salad- all very flavorful) and bread.  We were given the choice of two entrees...I had the chicken dish with lemon, and green olives, while my date had the lamb shank with caramelized plums.  Both dishes came with a hearty side of couscous with squash and carrots. The chicken and the lamb were very tender and I couldn't decide which I liked more. After dinner we were served Moroccan mint tea and pastries. The tea was really tasty.    My date loved this place and said the food reminded him of his grandmothers cooking. We were one of the last patrons to leave and the owner came and sat with us for a while and talked to my date about Morocco.  The owner knocked $10 off our bill, and gave my date some Moroccan cologne and some tea for us to make at home.  He was so nice, and his wife too, and introduced us to his children.  I have never been to a restaurant and left with gifts :)  They gave us a very enjoyable experience and we will definitely be back.  

                Just had a fantastic meatball sandwich, mint tea and view of the bay.  

                Abigail's Moroccan Cuisine near Ballena Island Marina in Alameda is a gem. We visited on Saturday and were barely seated when we were served their wonderfully spiced appetizers of sauteed eggplant, soft bell peppers, potatoes, and fresh carrot salads.  The restaurant owners take the reservation, seat, serve and cook for their guests. After our dinner Jonathan and Fatima came to our table to chat with us.  By limiting main menu choices, Abigail's was able to concentrate on what they created best, generous portions of soft and succulent shank of lamb and superb customer attention. The restaurant is named after their daughter Abigail. We look forward to our next visit at Abigail's for lunch later this week.  Food: 5 Service: 5 Interior Deco: Casual; (not rated) Exterior View: San Francisco Skyline, 4.75 Price: Reasonable 5.00 Overall Experience: 4.75  A scrumptious signature desert(s) would make Abigail's a 'Solid Five Star'.  

                This was my first time trying Moroccan food and this place is truly a hidden gem! There isn't much going on in that plaza so finding this restaurant was a wonderful surprise/experience.  SERVICE - Excellent! Attentive and super friendly. It's a family owned restaurant that is willing to take time to get to know their customers :)  FOOD - Very good! Different flavors but they compliment each other well. There are no menus (sounds crazy right?) but it definitely makes the experience that much better! Salad, main entry, dessert cookies, and their special tea :) I felt we were on Anthony Bourdains No Reservations show or something lol  There's also a belly dancing performance! :D  Oh, and you can bring your alcohol - wine, beer, etc.! ;D  

                We reserved this place for a big family party and the guests eat and felt great.  Jonathan, the owner, was very helpful and straightforward.  There was great and plentiful food and we could take it home afterwards.  Jonathan offered for free some perks that were really appreciated by our guests.  The views are really something, especially on a sunny day. Would go back anytime.  

                Went there after lunch, had the kafta sandwich and the mint lemonade, my freind had the vegetarian sandwich and Moroccan coffee. I missed authentic Moroccan food. This was it.  Also sat outside on a sunny weekend afternoon and enjoyed a great view of the bay and San Francisco.  Going to have to check it out again.  

                We ( my husband and I ) had a fun night , excellent authentic Moroccan food and service ,  They have a belly dancer , the ambience was good , I had a delicious couscous with lamb and prunes.  I really enjoyed it , I felt like I was in morocco ! I ll be back soon , thank you for this great experience  

                Brought my sister and niece here during their visit from London, and Abigail's did not disappoint. Part of the reason why they loved it so much is because of the really attentive service; Jonathan and Fatima are such stars and always willing to please.   A different belly dancer this time, but one who was just as great.  And of course...the food. Just thinking about the lamb shank now is making me hungry!  In short, Abigail's is a local diamond. I'd recommend you go there if you haven't already been. If you have, you don't need me to tell you to go again - you know you want to!  

                I enjoyed my meal here. The Moroccan Mint Lemonade was extremely good. I had a Moroccan beef sandwich (I forget the name) that was also very good. The atmosphere is nice. The trays on the table look nice, but are challenging is using your computer in their free wifi. The view is great. The service was very good. I'm sure I'll go back.  

                Found this place on yelp. Food and service was great. Definitely will eat here again.  

                I love the place.  Owners were nice, and made us feel comfortable.  We went there for Mary's birthday, and we had a great time.  I would go there again (wearing flat shoes), so I can try the belly dancing lesson :-)  

                They deserve every single star! We went there last Saturday as a big group. It was SUCH a fantastic experience. Alcoholics, this is the place for you! Since it's a BYOB establishment we were able to bring our own drinks which added more awesomeness to the meal. So you could bring an entire bottle of vodka if that's what you like (it's not what we did but everybody is different).    I loved that you didn't need to order off a menu, you just had the option of getting chicken or lamb. This is perfect for me since I am a chronically indecisive person..The appetizers were so good, I ate them so quickly I don't even remember what everything was except that it was delicious. I definitely remember that! The lamb shank was delicious, and everything just had tons of flavor. The cous cous was flavorful but not overpowering and the vegetables were cooked perfectly.And then there was the bellydancing! I think I enjoyed it more than the men did! It was so nice to have that kind of entertainment and it just added energy to the room.   This is the perfect place to take a friend for their birthday or visit with a big group of people! They made the payment really easy too and split it evenly between everyone by using an iPad so we were all able to settle up quickly and headache free.  Tip: Definitely make a reservation, especially if you are going on a Saturday night.  

                Jonathan the manager or owner in charge message me and said he thank me for my review. I wanted to let him know that I was outside while coworker order the food and drinks. Now according to the menu he said that's what he was handed. The menu sure needs a update as the juice was delicious as the waiter told my coworker what it was. I didn't care what was in the juice he just pointed it out that it was on the menu. The plastic tablecloth part was perceived differently as I meant the clips on bottom of table making it a nice tidy set up, which is nice. He told me the age is 71 as I'm not good with age so I assume that person was late 50's. I glad to hear back from him so we can put this to a closed. Kefta sandwich is a must!  

                The food here is amazing! The owners are really nice and friendly. There is bellydancing on Saturday nights, which is really fun to watch! You need to check this place out.  

                This past Saturday night I had my mom's 60th birthday party at Abigail's Morrocan Cuisine! Abigail and her husband (the owners) took very good care of us! I felt at home in their restaurant. This is what I love most about Moroccan culture. We had ten guests and we had an amazing time. The belly dancer performed at 7:30pm- she was one of the best belly dancer I've ever seen. I've been belly dancing for years and she was just delightful.   The food was excellent. I had the lamb. The couscous was the best I've ever had outside of Morocco. They also have free corkage which makes the bill very fair and reasonable!    I also met their beautiful children. The restaurant only serves dinner on Saturday nights. They do offer lunch throughout the week. I admire a family who owns a restarant but makes their family/work life balanced. How wonderful!!!  I love to support small family owned businesses! The quality, atmosphere, food and experience was just perfect.   I look forward to going there again.   EMMA  

                Lunch on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Chicken parm sandwich is so good!  Great bread. Fast service. Awesome views of SF.   Just a short walk from the house. Love it!  Had the Sat dinner a couple off this ago.  Fun evening for friends or family to enjoy good food and entertainment by the belly dancer.  Enjoy!  

                Well was kind of exceptic about the place but when we get there for U$25.00 you have the full meal with dancer included., I have a lamb that was soft moist and Delicious my companion get the chicken well done and really good, tea was fantastic, and is more family friendly that another ones, the cool thing is of front of the Alameda bay shore so the view of the city is more nice avoiding buildings and full car streets the dancer ever with couple people on the tables show respect and sympathy for the guest even little kids dance with her and was pretty nice see that. GREAT PLACE FOR A ROMANTIC DATE ON SATURDAY..!!!  

                Very nice little place. We went there for a middle of the afternoon late lunch, and are on the patio. Beautiful view, tasty Moroccan food and very nice service. Wished they served wine - a crisp Sauvignon blanc would have been just the thing. Great value too.  

                Love this place.  We have a sailing school and charter company next door and everyone at our Club also loves this place.   Should have 10 stars.  

                Went for the Saturday night dinner. Wonderful place. Food is made fresh, atmosphere is really great. BYOB, no corkage fee.  

                View live belly dancing or downtown SF rise from the bay, without barely getting out of your chair.    It's a bit ironic that our island community of Alameda has so few restaurants (or bars) with water views.  Views aside, Abigail's delivers.  Saturday night menu is fixed price with two options..chicken or lamb.  Both are delicious and seem to have an authentic quality to them.  No alcohol is offered on the menu, but you can bring your own with no corkage fee!  

                I stopped in for lunch and had a great meatball sandwich. In fact it was the best meatball sandwich I can remember - Moroccan seasoning.  I loved the mint lemonade! I look forward to trying dinner.  

                This place is awesome!!! Got turkey sandwich which was the best I've ever eat. Morocco tea is also was really tasty. Prices are chip  

                Last Saturday night, we brought two couples for the dinner & belly dancing. You get a choice of lamb or chicken along with bread, an appetizer, and honey tea after the entree. All six of us thought the food was delicious.   The owners charge only $25/person and it's BYOB with NO CORK CHARGE! Seems like a family affair, which adds to the experience, as the husband and wife were working between the kitchen and dining room service, and I saw at least one little girl and perhaps a relative or two nearby.   The diners ranged from families with little kids to a cluster of young seniors to my 40-something group. The belly dancer was beautiful and very talented; she really lit up the place. Highly recommended.  

                Wonderful customer service by the owners!  The food was yummy and we enjoyed the belly dacer!  

                I tried the eggplant Rosa this time and it was fabulous. Bread was very tasty. Best eggplant I've ever had.  

                I was venturing around Ballena Bay and stumbled upon this hidden treasure. I tried the kofta sandwich and it was amazing!! They have special Moroccan plates on Thursdays and also have belly dancing on Saturday nights..!!!! Not to mention you have a panorama view of San Francisco and the bay water is literally 100ft away! I'm surprised the line is not out the door!!  

                I like Abigails Moroccan Cuisine.  Why?  Is it the food?  Yes, of course I like the food, but if it was just the food I would have given this restaurant 3 stars.  Service is good and friendly.  Their mint tea is wonderful.  But what I love about this place is their location, where you can look over the beautiful bay and feel the bay breeze come in.  It's also a dog friendly restaurant where you can hang outside and enjoy your food with your pooch!  

                This place has great food, fantastic views and really reasonable prices. Love the meatball parm sandwich and the Godfather is a classic!  

                We hosted my mom's 60th birthday party at Abigail's last night and it was a huge hit! We had guests join us from New Orleans, San Francisco, Napa and San Jose and everyone was raving about it - the venue, the view, and the food. Jonathan and Fatima made us feel right at home. We got to essentially take over the place and put up decorations, serve our own beer, wine and cake. The service was welcoming, and the meal was fantastic! I especially loved the chicken, which was so tender and juicy, it fell off the bone. I wish I had some leftovers to enjoy today. The cookies and mint tea were a nice treat, too. And I can't forget the belly dancer - she was the icing on the cake and rounded out the perfect event. I'm so glad I live close; I'll definitely go back. I plan to try lunch soon!  

                Delicious food, gracious hosts & the best belly dancer I've seen. And fun crowd participation! Reservations essential on Saturday nights.  

                Yelp's all fine and dandy, but sometimes the best recommendations come from friends. My longtime friend (and Yelper) Chris Y. has gotten a chance to know the owner of Abigail's, and he suggested we come here for lunch.  I may not have had one of the monstrous sandwiches he had (mah poor diet ;_;), but the mint tea I got went down easy without being overpowering. The couch seating was nice too, and you even get a nice view of the Bay. I even got a chance to meet the owner myself - real friendly guy! You don't really get a personal vibe like this at shops anymore, much less at a restaurant.  I'll definitely return. Maybe I'll even derail my gym routine with one of those sammies...  

                I have been coming to this family run establishment for last one year now, and never ever had a disappointing experience. The owners are very nice and really try their best to make your experience pleasant.   I always get the Kefta sandwhich with the home-made spicy sauce, hands down, one of the best sandwiches I had in my life. I highly recommend trying this place at least once especially if you live/work in Alameda.  

                I am surprised to find this place with anything less than 5 stars.   I went for the first time yesterday because I heard so much about it.   I was just blown away by the food and the hospitality. Even before you order anything they bring baskets of bread and individual dishes of appetizers to the table. Wow! There is babaganoush, stir fried and herbed potatoes and carrots, and roasted and marinated red pepper strips. I was wondering how I would have any space for dinner. The options were lamb or chicken with the couscous and both were fall-off-the-bone tender. I don't know how but I managed to empty my plate there was so much. Next time I should just put half in a takeaway box.  We had 3 fairly small kids with us (ages 2-5) and I am glad we went early, at 6. There weren't many people there and we were done before the place really filled up. I don't know if it would have been difficult in a crowd but I don't want to find out.  

                Great Moroccan food! Fresh and tasty.  

                Great place! Nice people, cool decor and fantastic food at a reasonable price. Try the veggie sandwich ;) They were open on Sunday, near the USS Hornet aircraft carrier museum, were friendly and had fast service.  

                We came during lunch. I think this place mught be more popping during the night judging from the pixs on yelp. I wish there would be more pixs of the lunch faire.   For lunch, you only get to order sandwhiches. I had the kaftka sandwhich ( which is morrocan meatball sandwhich). It comes with a side of potatoe salad dressed in a very light and herby type dressing. The sandwhich is good and the carmelized onion and tomatoes makes it more delicious.   If you are looking for a very relaxed area to have lunch with friends wi a great view, this is a great place to check out. There was only 2 other patrons when we were there.   Service is nice and they play cool french music. Even if you dont want a sandwhich, this is a nice place to grab coffe or morrocan mint tea and chat for hours on end with ur friends.  

                We, a family of six, popped for a quick and late lunch earlier today to enjoy a good food and sunny bay and we were not disapointed. Food was great and place cosy.  We shared a few dishes and also kids found something they liked. Meatballs, chicken and salad were all good and portions big enough for us.  Mr. J the owner had also some time to sit and chat with us. Nice visit altogether, like visiting a family friend. Such a warm service you seldomly meet nowdays. Thanks and wish you all the best!  

                We agree with everything positive that has already been said about this wonderful restaurant!  The ambiance is warm, friendly, intimate.  The food delicious!  The tea presentation grand, the belly dancer was an excellent entertainer!  We were a party of five and we never lacked for prompt, friendly service, and when we left we felt as if we had made new friends!  We will be back and often~!!!!  

                Food: I've only tried the Moroccan inspired sandwiches here, but each time I leave a happy customer. The kefta is flavored with what I assume is traditional Moroccan spices, but doesn't overpower the beef. I've also tried their vegetarian sandwich and boy, if all my veggie meals tasted like this I'd easily transition to a veggie lifestyle. Oh, and you can't overlook their use of high quality bread either. It's one of those things that may go unnoticed, but can easily make or break meal.   Service: Jonathan is friendly and will effortlessly sit and chat with you. On a couple occasions, he actually offered me a drink on the house. The only drawback to the quaint, family-run operation is the time it might take to receive your meal when there's a crowd.  Value: No complaints. Can you get a cheaper sandwich? Duh. But you'd be hard pressed to find anything that compares in quality at this price-point.  Location: Great place to have a quiet lunch or one-on-one.  

                Great location and view. Home style Moroccan food. Friendly service. We will be back next time we're in town.  

                had take out lunch from here when i first moved to alameda.  it was delicious in every sense.  i don't think they do dinner but on the weekends.  i'd love try it sometime.  

                I absolutely love the food here.  The best lamb I have had in ages - authentic as it can be, and melts in your mouth.  I came here on a whim with some girlfriends, and yes it can be a bit hard to find, but absolutely worth the drive.  I had no idea it was out on the water!  You can't beat the view at this place - try to get a table at sunset and enjoy the view RIGHT ON THE WATER!!!  Sadly, most restaurants I've been to that have a view have lousy food, because they don't even have to try.  This place is not like those.    Cous cous is moist and delicious, and you can bring your own wine.  I tasted my friends chicken dish (with olives) and it was delicious.  They have belly dancing on the weekends and the dancer was amazing!  She got all of us girls up for an impromptu dance lesson and it was super fun!  We are planning to bring my brother back here for his 50th birthday.  Staff was super friendly, timely and attentive.  Don't miss this gem!  

                This has got to be one of the top 3 or 4 restaurants in Alameda, even more so for the price.  I went for lunch and can't wait to return for the Saturday evening dinner with live music and belly dancing!  Amazing Moroccan food, bayfront outdoor seating with sweeping bay views, and belly dancing in Alameda ... is this a mirage?  I was welcomed warmly by the terrific owner, Fatima.  When I mentioned that the outdoor bayside seating has among the best unobstructed restaurant bay views in the Bay Area from the Bay Bridge to SF down the peninsula, Fatima's eyes lit up with a delighted pride of ownership -- she has also decorated the inside in a Moroccan style and rich warm colors.  For lunch, Moroccan and other options (e.g. NY style Italian sandwiches) are on the menu.  I can't say enough about how good the food tasted.  The Moroccan Kefta sandwich with grilled onions had juicy, nicely spiced meat served on perfect fresh bread with a side of yummy roasted potatoes.   Fans of North African and Middle Eastern food often seem to be particular about lentil soup and mint lemonade:  the lentil soup is among the best I've had with complex flavors, and the mint lemonade was so refreshing!    If all you want for lunch is a bowl of soup with bread and mint lemonade you could get out of there for about 5 bucks plus tax and tip, and for not much more than that if you just want a Kefta sandwich with potatoes.  

                We came for the Saturday dinner. We chatted with the owner and currently they do lunch everyday but Monday and dinner only Saturday nights, but are looking to expand.  The dinner was a starting salad with a well-executed salad of herbed potatoes, roasted and spiced red bell pepper, roast carrots, and something I can't recall the name of that is basically baba ganoush without mayonnaise, which was fantastic.  The main was either a roast chicken or lamb. We both had the lamb, and it was wonderful. There was a warm plum sauce over the roast leg of lamb, and the lamb came right off the bone. The accompanying cous cous and vegetables were delicious and healthy. The flavors came from the ingredients, and not from an excess of butter or salt.  And then a belly-dancer came out! What a wonderful surprise.  Finally, we had tea service. The tea was a sweet, bitter, complex, and delicious mint, served with 3 molasses cookies. Delicious.  All this for about $33 a head (including tax and a 25% tip since I liked the place so much)  Abigail's Cafe, my only problem with you is that you're across the bay bridge from my home.  

                Found this restaurant on Yelp!  In case you have doubts, I can assure you that the Saturday dinner is really tasty, lamb is great, chicken is great, bread is great,  appetizer is great, the belly dancer is great, service is great....I guess you know what I am trying to say....yes, everything is great!  Definitely a must try!  Don't miss it.  

                I've only been here for lunch. And I confess I've only tried one thing: the spicy Moroccan Tuna Sandwich. But it's the best tuna sandwich I've ever had, and I keep going back for it. The restaurant has a stunning location on the water with outside tables and city views, the woman running it is very pleasant, and the price is great.  

                This review is about the Saturday Night Dinner special. I have not been here for lunch, which I understand may be a more positive experience.  There was almost no redeeming part of our experience. I'm giving it 2 stars because at least the dining room was clean and the people were polite.  When we walked in,  there were perhaps 10 people there for a place that could seat over 50. Maybe it was just a slow night.  When you sit down, you are served a vegetable plate which tasted like it came from a can. Afterwards, we were asked if we wanted the lamb or the chicken. We had one of each. Both dishes tasted like they were made in a crock pot. The meat was meh (we didn't finish either). The vegetables and couscous were soggy. The olives and dates for garnish were from a can. The dessert was a cookie that was similar to cardboard (probably because it came from a box). They served mint tea, which you will like, but only because it is sugar water. One small detail is that the server (I think he was the owner) was wearing a random baseball cap, which maybe works for his lunch crowd, but hardly speaks to the dinner experience that you might be hoping for.  Once the belly dancer got the music fixed, she did her best to stir up the crowd, which was tough given how few people there were. Performance shows benefit from the energy of an audience, and I guess belly dancing is no different.  It may very well be that the lunch experience at this restaurant is extraordinary.  But if you are thinking of going there for the Saturday Night Dinner, it would be a good idea to reconsider.  

                We drove from Oakland to eat here for the first time and arrived at 8:30 p.m. on Saturday night - the posted closing time on Saturday night is 10 p.m. The host eventually approached us and said, "We're finished now, closed." There were a number of customers in the restaurant. I mentioned the posted hours, and he answered, "Yes, but we were busy and we are done now." We were pretty stunned. I'm not usually sensitive about these things, but I can't help feeling being an interracial party had something to do with it, unless it was just plain rudeness.  

                So, this is not a place for a quick lunch.  It's owned by a really friendly couple with the husband as cashier/server and the wife handling the food.  So, if there is any sort of line expect to sit and wait for a while.    But, there's a great view and the food tastes great.  Kind of a random mix of Moroccan and Italian sandwiches but they have all been excellent.  So, don't go here for a quick bite but if you want to sit and relax this cafe is a great choice.  

                There is no doubt I will always come back to visit this wonderful place.  Ever since being introduced to this quaint restaurant/cafe, I find myself coming back for a visit every time that I am in the area. This little cafe not only has a wonderful view, but has a comforting atmosphere and great food. I come back every time though for their piping hot Moroccan Mint Tea and their Eggplant and Red Pepper Salad (easy enough to feed two since it comes with bread).       Their Moroccan Mint Tea is by far the best I have tasted! Since I am a tea fanatic, I can't help but come back and sit inside on their comfortable couch with a good book and their flavorful tea. (Perfect with their Moroccan style shortbread cookies by the way!)      Next off their Eggplant and Red Pepper Salad is fantastic, it comes in on a bed of greens with homemade hummus, specially marinated red peppers, fresh tomato slices and a homestyle Moroccan eggplant that  just hits the spot. My favorite though? Of course their homemade hummus on a slice of bread topped with a fresh tomato slice! Yum :)       ** I may not live in the area but everytime I come back this is my first stop. Lovely facility, clean, polite staff, relaxed atmosphere, fantastic dishes, and my favorite Moroccan tea. Thank you so much Abigail's for your wonderful employees, warm atmosphere, and keeping to the customary style of real Moroccan cuisine. -A Thrilled Lifetime Customer  

                Awesome fresh healthy food!!  Wonder gave us complementary Morrocan tea and OMG. Not to be missed. The Moroccon mint lemonade was also very good!!  

                Very very good. Quietly authentic Moroccan dishes that also bring a flavor of  the NYC deli to the party. The bread is AWESOME, I suggest also ordering Mint tea. (It is sweet and hot)  

                The food and atmosphere are homey, like you were invited to a delicious meal in a good friend's home.  I went on a Saturday night:  $25.00 for a prix fixe meal.  The Chicken tanjine was tender and juicy.  The wait staff are attentive and friendly.  The belly dancer was fun!  

                Wow!! What an experience... I saw this reastaurant here on yelp and I have to say that it was so good ...  I eat the Moroccan cuscus with lamb and the salad combination , It was delicious . The owner and his wife bring me tea and dessert on the house and I left with a big smile on my face . That was my first time and I will defiantly recommend to anyone that look for a home made moroccan food.  

                Pretty good portions.. very family oriented.  must come back for saturday dinner nights  

                Food - 5 stars. There was only chicken and lamb to choose from for main dish, and both entries tasted great! I would love to see more desert next time me and my friends dine in this restaurant.  Atmosphere - 5 stars. Belly dancing lady showed amazing performance. She invited people to  dance with her projecting warm middle eastern atmosphere  Service - 2 stars. This is the only negative. Waitress was not trained enough. We have been waiting to order food for 30 minutes and then it was brought to the table after 30 min or so with delays, so we could not start eating at the same time.  Restaurant owner called me and asked to provide my feedback. He assured me that their service will be improved. Me and my wife will definitely come back to enjoy Moroccan culture and food!  

                Went here again last Saturday for dinner...and it was equally awesome as last time - delicious food and very attentive service. Had the lamb, which had been slow cooked for 4 hours prior to dinner and simply fell of the bone. Very tender and yummy.  From last time, we remembered that they do not serve alcohol, so we brought our own wine. They do have wine glasses, and there is no corkage fee.  The owner remembered us from last time. Both him, his wife Fatima and their two daughters, Abigail and Isabella are lovely. After dinner, they come over and talked. It very much does have a "Moroccan home cooked meal feel" about it.  He said that he was planning on renovating parts of the interior, including painting the walls in a warmer colors.  I'm really hoping this will mean they will do dinner nights more than once a week (Saturdays) as well as perhaps have Fatima teach some cooking classes :)  

                We stumbled upon this gem looking for a last minute place to eat last night and wow! were we surprised by the amazing food and service. The lamb is fantastic. The belly dancing was super fun, and the owner and his wife are super charming. Extra points for their very cute kids creating additional ambience by dancing to the belly dance music behind the scenes. I can't believe this place has been 5 minutes from my house all this time. The salad to start and the cookies and delish mint tea to end were great touches. We'll be back, and highly recommend to anyone looking for a great dinner experience in Alameda.  

                Latte's r awesome and the view no words to describe it.  

                Like another reviewer, I'm surprised this place has anything less than 5 stars.  This is really a hidden gem in Alameda! I'm lucky enough to work nearby and I go here for lunch just about every day. The food, the hospitality, the ambience, the location -- everything about this place is charming.   First the food: I've tried most of the selections on the menu and I have been delighted with everything I've eaten. Thursday lunch is always a treat as they have a special off-the-menu dish.  As some other reviewers have noted, the lamb and chicken dishes are amazingly succulent and tender. The lamb, in particular, was so incredibly mouthwatering and melt-in-your-mouth tender and delicious.  Vegetables are perfectly cooked, salads are delicious, the bread is fresh and delicious... I know I keep using the word "delicious" but my mouth waters every time I go for lunch. Also, they have the single best egg salad sandwich I've ever had.   The hospitality and ambience: It has a very family-run, friendly, neighborly atmosphere. Very relaxed and quiet, perfect for me as lunch is usually the only time I get for myself.   The location:  it's very out of the way, but definitely worth coming to. The windows and patio look out onto the bay and a view of downtown SF in the distance. While you eat, you can watch sailboats drift past. It's very tranquil and lovely.  This is very much a destination restaurant. If you're in Alameda and you haven't been here, you are truly missing out. And if you're not in Alameda, this place is worth the trip.   (Oh, and if someone talks you into going to Pier 29, drag them the five extra feet to Abigail's -- SO much better!)  

                Having worked in the service industry, I am very tolerant and it takes something particularly egregious for me to write a bad review.  The egregious was experienced to the fullest at Abigail's on Saturday (8/11) evening.   1) We had a party of 12 which should have been seated together.  Upon arrival, there was only room for 9 at our table.  No explanation was offered by the manager, and they did not allow us to rearrange the tables to accommodate.  2) Reservations were at 7:00 pm, and we were not served with our main course until 9:30 pm.  2 hours had passed since the salad course.   3) I was served 20 minutes (at least) earlier than the other 3 guests at my table.  What's worse - my plate was actually delivered in error to another table before being placed in front of me, and as my friend at the other table experienced the opposite problem (she was the last to be served at her table) - this was probably her plate.  4) A mint tea was served after the meal.  The server appeared and asked if we would like tea, but had no glasses.  There were 4 of us at the table, but she returned with only 2 glasses.  When I politely asked for another 2 glasses - she said yes, but not before rolling her eyes as if we were asking her to clap and make pink elephant appear.  The food was mediocre at best; however, it couldn't compensate for the horrible lack of service.  Pass on this.  

                We had a wonderful company dinner at Abigail's.  We had a reservation for 18 on a Thursday night and when we walked in we were delighted as the table was beautifully set. The owners were so kind a friendly, just a pleasure to be with. They served our large party with delicious salad and then a choice of chicken or lamb entre.  I had the lamb and the flavor was exquisit and it was very tender.   We had asked them to arrange entertainment and they had a wonderful belly dancer that the group enjoyed very much.  It was a lovely evening and I would recommend Abigail's for any group.  

                Abigail's is tucked away off the beaten path in Balena Bay. I found out about them via word of mouth.   I liked the atmosphere, the rugs, couches, table tops and decorations. I ordered a glass of the Moroccan mint lemonade which I thought was delicious. The lemonade had just the right amount of mint flavor and sweetness, nothing overpowering. With the lemonade I tried the Moroccan Vegetable sandwich which was on fresh kosher bread from Semifreddi's, Alameda. The sandwich was filled with eggplant, grilled onions, tomatoes and some other vegetables. I forgot what I was told was in it, it didn't matter cause it was delicious and at a fair price.   The mom and pop that own and operate Abigail's are both very friendly, the pair made me feel like I was a part of their family, friends or inner-circle. All in all I was impressed with every aspect of Abigail's from the fresh homemade Moroccan cuisine to the super friendly service.  I haven't been there for the Saturday belly dancing dinner but plan on doing so very soon.  I saw the one star reviews on Abigail's and it sounds like it had to do with the service on Saturdays. I was told it was a bad waitress who has been replaced. All I know is that if you were to come during the week and get to know the mom and pops that actually operate the place I can almost guarantee you will leave with a smile on your face, feeling special and planning on your next visit.  Don't let these ridiculous one star reviews scare you away.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND.  

                When it comes to excellent eats,five star ***** customer service, and a very warm and friendly family environment  this cafe is the tops.  Signed:Little Fredster  

                I went to see Tabitha from Hipline dance on a Saturday night and was pleasantly surprised to find a mom and pop restaurant with prix fix menu. I also got to meet Abigail and Isabella!  Good food, great service, great night!  

                I grab lunch from here at least once a week it seems like.  The owners, husband and wife, are super nice esp the wife.  And their two girls are so sweet too.  But more importantly is that the sandwiches here are delicious!  Esp the spicy tuna (which I always always get) and the isabella sandwich.  The chicken parm is also yummie.  We have not tried their fixed menu dinner yet but planning to soon since they have a belly dancer present every weekend dinner =)  On warm days you can sit outside and enjoy the beautiful view of the SF bay/bridge.  

                This place was amazing!! We had a party of 17 on 8/17/12 for a dear friend's Birthday Party.  The owner and his lovely wife made us feel like we were in their home. Awesome service. And the food was delicious (4 Moroccan style Salads: eggplants, Bell Peppers, Carrots and potatoes on a bed of lettuce Chicken Tajine: comes with preserved Lemon and green olives, Lamb Shanks: come with Caramelized plums, sesame and almond, Couscous with vegetables: Squash, Daikon Radish, carrots and garbanzo beans. Moroccan Mint Tea and Moroccan cookies. Not to mention the incredible view when the sun was setting. And it didn't stop there, they had this amazing belly dancing show for all of our guests, she even got us up and dancing. It was a blast! I can't speak high enough about this restaurant............what a find!!!  

                Just celebrated my 60th birthday here!!!! Amazing! We had so much fun! The food, the atmosphere, the sunset!!! The ONLY thing that Abigail's overlooked was the Bay!!! It was like having a party at home without the cleanup and with a magical view! I highly recommend this warm, friendly and delicious restaurant!!! I'll be back again and again!  

                Everything here is amazing! Come on Sat night for full dinner service, including bellydancing.  We came here twice to celebrate birthdays, and everyone enjoyed the experience. Dinner starts with a vegetarian platter, followed by a choice of chicken or lamb served with veggies and couscous. There are also cookies and tea afterwards. Everyone has an opportunity to dance on stage as well. Plus you can bring any alcohol you want to drink! The location is also overlooking a beautiful view, and decor inside is very nice, although the place is slightly hard to find. If you come here, you're treated like family - highly recommended!  

                Wonderful food thoughtfully prepared.  Will definitely return again for lunch when I am on the Island. Have recommended to my clients  

                Definitely a hidden gem that's tucked away but we wanted to grab some sandwiches on our way out to exploring Robert Crown Memorial Beach.  It seems more of a local spot for those who live in the area.  The owners, originally from Morocco are SO nice and friendly.  They enjoyed chatting it up, informing us about the Moroccan people and the beauty of Morocco.  It quickly shot up my list of travel destinations.  I got the Chicken Parmigiana sandwich and asked to add the roasted eggplant.  He got the Meatball Parmigiana sandwich and added the roasted eggplant.  Though both delicious, we both agreed the Chicken was just a tad more fantabulous.  The sandwiches are served warm and fresh and totally made with love.  The side of herb potatoes are delicious!  All sandwiches were ~$7 if I remember correctly.  The owner mentioned starting some dinner specials and events.  The decor is rather eclectic and lighting a bit dingy so I think a few things will need a face lift in order to make it a lively dinner spot.  They do have a cute little patio that overlooks the water/beach so the location definitely has potential.  This is a definitely a must go spot for us if we're in the area again.  Go out and support your local family joints!  

                You just have to try out the Abigail Cafe in Alameda if you haven't already done so!!!  It's a real gem in Alameda.  GREAT FOOD GREAT PRICES GREAT SERVICE A WELL EARNED 5-STAR!!  We stumbled across this restaurant in Alameda.  We didn't expect much and thought, well if all else fails, at least it's waterfront... and boy we're in for a pleasant surprise!!!  We had such great food and great fun!  We will be back for sure.  Super friendly service! Owner/ General Manager Jonathan is wonderful!  He explained the Saturday dinner pre-set menu and belly dance performance to us.   Now we're excited!...  - - - - - FOOD WAS GREAT!! * Salad is very good with properly, lightly seasoned condiments (hummus, roasted bell peppers, etc.)   * Second course was the Chicken Tajine that we all enjoyed sooo much.  The chicken meat is so wonderfully tender that the meat just slide right off the bone.  Potatoes that were on the chicken dish absorbed all the chicken flavor and was yum! * Third course was the Lamb Shanks over a bed of vegetable couscous.  Again, the lamb shank was so tender that the meat slide right off the bone.  The vege couscous was made just right:  flavor, texture, and light seasoning.   I love how everything is seasoned just right and not overly salty -- which brings out the real flavors of the meat and also for health reasons.  Shows that Abigal Cafe has a great chef!!    * Finally, the Moroccan Mint Tea -- a wonderfully aromatic tea, refreshing and tasty at the same time.  Owner/ General Manager happily shared his recipe and taught us how to make some at home too.  What a great guy!  - - - - ENTERTAINMENT / Belly dancer Sometime between the chicken and lamb dishes, a beautiful belly dancer started her dancing.  She was so wonderful, entertaining and worked her magic around ALL Tables.  Dining patrons also offered some currency bills and she gladly accepted.  Dancing lessons followed also as with most Moroccan belly dances...   - - - - SERVICE * Service was wonderful.  They were attentive and never over bearing.  Checked tables infrequently yet paid attention and attended immediately when patrons needed attention.  - - - - OVERALL Overall, we left the restaurant very happy.  Our tummies were full and our palates were satisfied.  And, food is such great value and priced so reasonably.  We will definitely be back!!  

                Great little place and a beautiful spot in Alameda. The owners really care about the food and customers.   Love the sandwiches (meatball parmisan and turkey especially) and the moroccan food is excellent as well. Highly recommend.  

                Wow! What a cute little gem tucked away along the Alameda waterfront with unobstructed views of the San Francisco Skyline and beyond. There are a few tables outside, which is the best place to sit in my option. It's along Bellenas Rd, but there isn't much traffic at all, and rather peaceful for a nice weekend lunch. A great spot to bring a date also!   The menu consists of some Moroccan food and sandwiches, and a good selection of Italian sandwiches as well. I settled on the chicken isabella sandwich, which was part of the Italian selection. It consisted of breaded chicken breast, topped with carmelized onions and tomatoes. The roll was crispy on the outside and brushed with a olive oil glaze, and nice and soft inside. It wasn't covered with any sort of sandwich spread or sauces or anything, so you really got to taste the ingredients and bread for what they were. They have a variety of drinks and coffee available, so I also ordered a latte on the side, which was good.  The prices are totally reasonable! The coffee prices were between $1.50-$2.50, which isn't bad. For $7.25 you get a HUGE sandwich split into two portions. Really only one portion is edible in one sitting. My second 1/2 is sitting in the fridge for lunch another day.  The owners are super friendly! They served us some complimentary Moroccan tea, which was delicious, and also brought out some cut watermelon with our sandwiches.   Definitely a super cute spot for lunch! I'll be introducing everyone to this place from now on. There were several sandwiches on the menu that I'm dying to try!  

                Delicious lunch again the other day, thank you Fatima and Jonathon! I took half my sandwich home thinking I would have it later but when I went to get it my daughter had eaten it when she got home from school. My husband had the lamb shanks and said they were delicious - and he's a lamb aficionado! Love this cafe!  

                Came here for lunch twice a few months ago. Good sandwiches I really loved the bread, nothing earth shattering, but good.   I see they're serving dinner on Saturday nights, definitely interested in giving them another chance to rock my world, if you know what I mean.   (I mean serve me really good food, get your mind out of the gutter.)  

                we ordered the Kefta & the Godfather. Both sandwich orders come with a side of seasoned, herby tender potatoes which are very flavorful. loved the Kefta, the Godfather was okay.  Highlights: -awesome view of SF skyline & the base (from the window seats) -the customer service/owners are extremely friendly and welcoming -owner let us sample a piping hot fresh Moroccan eggplant dip (similar to babaganoush (sp?)), delicious! -mint tea is very unique, sweet, aromatic and calming  i heard from a little birdy, that they will be opening up for Dinner soon!!! support this local business!  

                Visited last Saturday night for the second time in two months - the Moroccan fixed price dinner was just as good as the first visit!  And what a bargain for $25.  On both occasions it was a party of 6-8 and everyone loved it.  The family who run Abigail's treated us like their honored guests, the food is lovingly prepared and authentic.  I had the lamb shank entree the first time, falling off the bone tender.  This time I tried the chicken with preserved lemon and green olives, very juicy with a deep lemon flavor.  The vegetables accompanying the couscous varied each time but were always cooked to the tender stage without becoming mushy.  The belly dancer on both occasions was wonderful- be sure to bring cash to tip her!  Abigail's Moroccan Cafe is a wonderful find, worth a special trip if you aren't an Alameda resident.  

                I cannot say enough good things Abigail's Café the food was wonderful and the owners are so nice.  

                08/11/2012 Saturday evening I was at Abigails. I am always impressed by the wonderful food and loving preparation the chef presents, and the service is always dedicated by the owner. The place was packed, and very busy. I also knew they had a brand spanking new server working that evening, and she was the only server, and saw that everyone was working hard. It seems as though all the customers arrived all at the same time! I saw some complaints here on Yelp from people that same evenng, and I don't think those people see the big picture. But for a budding new business, I find the food always great, the atmosphere serene, and the view is impeccable. Its a must see/must go! A lot of laughing customers eating good food... it was nice to see.  

                I work here in Alameda and went there for a company team lunch. Decided to give Abigail Cafe a try after checking them here on Yelp and seeing how high rated this little gem is.  The category of this restaurant says Moroccan, but i would say that it is a mix of Moroccan and Italian, and also there is a need to specify that it is basically a sandwich place. The menu is basically composed by Moroccan flavors sandwiches and Italian sandwiches. I recommend the Moroccan kefta sandwich - delicious Moroccan meatball, very tasty and unique, yummy bread and served with a side of potatoes.  Great view even in a cloudy day, and it is just nice to drive up to the furthest part of Alameda to find this place. Easy parking.  Serves coffee and tea.  I would give 4 stars because the food is actually pretty good, but the place requires some little work.  - Although the service is really friendly and attentive, it can be a bit slow. - If you are ordering the food at the counter, might as well have the bill charged over there. But here you pay the check after you finish your meal.  - They run out of the famous Abigail juice pretty fast, so we didn't have a chance to try it. =(  

                I recently hosted a birthday party at Abigail's. Because of the number of attendees, the owners, Jonathan and Fatima, offered to close the restaurant to make it a private party.  Where do I begin?  The owners are impeccable, gracious hosts, ensuring everything was perfect, down to the smallest details.  The food was delicious!  We served buffet style, with lamb, chicken and a variety of vegetarian salads.  The meat dishes were tender and superb.  Many of my guests were vegetarian, and they raved about the zalouk aubergine,  and couscous avec legume. Sumaiia, the belly dancer, performed for close to an hour, and had the entire audience participating in the revelry.  All of my guests commented on the beauty of the evening.  It was perfect!  I highly recommend Abigail's for lunch, dinner or private parties!  

                I recently had lunch with family in from out of town at Abigail Cafe.  This cafe is as good as it gets in the Bay area!! :)  The food was very flavorful and the service provided by Fatima and Jonathan was wonderful.  They both were very warm and inviting.  Jonathan also makes some of the best Marocchino (Italian Coffee) I have ever had. Every item on the menu that Fatima prepares is excellent and everyone I have brought to this cafe has a new favorite place in Alameda.  Do yourself a favor and check out Abigail Cafe - you will be glad you did!! :) Finally, the views of SF and the old shipyard and the bay can't be beat, we are truly fortunate to have this diamond in Alameda.  The Kefta and the Meatball are my favorites.  

                Good price, great food, nice owners. They even lit a coal for our hookah to smoke outside on the patio! Overall, awesome place. Check it out!  

                What a view!  Is that really San Francisco out ther?  Abigal Cafe & Deli is located at the end of Ballena Blvd, and very close to crown memorial beach.  Abigal's is a mix of Moroccan and Italian food.   The decor is a little odd, pictures of Nantuckett, Moroccan pottery, and Italian artwork are blended all together on the walls.    The space is large and quite open, could use a remodel and a single decor style.  I ordered the Meatball Parmagina sandwich and it was hot, fresh, and SO DELICIOUS!  Warning the sandwhiches are plentiful so I had left overs for dinner!  I will be back to bring some friends.  

                First time visiting this place and I am so glad that I have alternatives in Alameda to fast food or Denny's equivalents (I'm looking at you Ole's and Jim's).  Moroccan Kefka Sandwich ($7.25, see photos) Portioned almost for two people.  Saying the meat is like a burger-patty would not do it justice.  It is much fluffier, spiced, and was not too salty.  The onions and tomatoes were sauteed, and just slightly too sweet for my taste, but still delicious.  The sweet french roll had a great crust and the crumb was very soft, so no danger of getting lock-jaw or having your sandwich spilling out.    Moroccan Cigar ($2.00) First time trying this pastry which is a walnut-based filling surrounded by phyllo-dough.  The walnut filling reminded me of Indian burfi except that it is also scented with rose-water.  The phyllo-dough was a little stale, but the filling was amazing and I will definitely get this again.  Mint Tea  This was given complimentary in a small narrow glass, warm, and sweetened.  Perfect for the rainy afternoon when I got to try it.    Service was very friendly and my food came out quickly (though I got there right before closing so it was pretty empty).  If I am ever in Alameda on a Saturday during lunch, will definitely be going here again.  The owner told me that on Thursdays there is a special Moroccan menu and that they will soon be open for dinner hours on the weekends.  

                Great Alameda find!    I ordered the Eggplant and Pepper salad, which was loaded  with olives, tomatoes, eggplant and a bean puree.  I was looking for something light and fresh and this certainly hit the spot.  We also got the Godfather Sandwich which was loaded with several different kinds of meat (prosciutto, salami, pepperoni, mortadella and I'm sure others that I'm forgetting), cheese and I asked her to add lettuce and tomatoes as it doesn't normally come with it.    I would definitely come back here - great place to go for a quick and delicious lunch!  

                We came here for dinner with a group of 4.  The food was perfect; quintessentially Morrocan (lamb / chicken, couscous, vegetables, bread, dessert).  The vegetables were super tasty, fresh, and nicely cooked.  And the belly dancing was amazing.  The service was warm and friendly (family run), and the place is right on the water with great views.  **It's BYOB** so bring your own drink.  

                After a very pleasant dinner experience, my wife and I decided to try their lunch. We both got two different chicken sandwiches and both were great. Again, we were serviced with a smile and the owners actually remembered us from weeks ago. This is a true gem in the East Bay. With great food at a great price, and perhaps one of the best views of San Francisco, how can someone not love this place. Again, awesome place and I wish the owners future success.  

                Excellent costumer service and GOOD FOOD! =) I am missing their MINT GREEN TEA at the moment! =(  

                What a hidden gem in Alameda...the location was a little odd to me at first, but wow, what a beautiful view!  The owner Jonathan knew it was my first time there and he was very  nice and helpful. I asked many questions flip-flopping between the moroccan veggie sammie and the eggplant parmigiana, and finally decided on the moroccon veggie sammie. It was delish! Crunchy warm bread and deliciously seasoned veggies...mmm my mouth is watering now!  While I was waiting Jonathan mentioned that they are thinking of turning it into a full on moroccan restaurant with belly dancing and music! How fun! I hope they do it.   Also, both Jonathan and his wife were very hospitable and chatted with me and let me sample their yummy desserts and sip on their mint tea...and yes, it is as delicious as everyone on yelp says it is! I cant wait to come back and try the eggplant...and to see the bellydancin!  

                Dave and I are so sad to leave Alameda and that includes not being able to go to Abigail's anymore!! Last night I asked the owners to put together a dinner for 4 people, their choice, but I did mention that lamb would be a good entree.WELL, my gosh, their lamb shank was superb and HUGE, with a lovely sauce of dried plums.....yummy! The chicken leg and thigh was served with a silky, lemony, green olive sauce and fall off the bone tender (so was the shank). But no, I'm not finished.....there was a fabulous salad accompanied by an eggplant salad, grilled red pepper salad, hummus and one other.There was also a chick pea soup that was so flavorful that I couldn't stop eating it and soaking it up with delicious bread. All this, which is really two days worth of meals, for about $60.00!!! I'll miss them AND their great food!  

                Give this one a miss.  We made reservations, had two more than originally planned, but the restaurant was not full.  Number one - service was ATROCIOUS.  We waited an hour for the salad.  We arrived at 7pm and our main dish was not served until 9:30 pm and it was lukewarm.  Food was average.  The waitress seemed like she was purposely avoiding us and kept skipping our table.  Number two:  Food was very very average.  Number three:  belly dancing was average, and from where we were (under the speakers) we couldn't really see much, it is not set up well.  We would not recommend Abigail's to anyone.  In response to the note from Jonathan - we actually were on time, our reservations were for 7pm and we did show up with 12, rather than 10.  The fact that a service provider would criticize a customer speaks volumes.  

                What a delightful place!  I was up in Alameda for a geocaching event.  The event hosts had arranged for Abigail's to stay open late for our gathering.  Many thanks to the owners for making the arrangements.  We overwhelmed them a bit with our numbers and general chaos that goes with this group, but they persevered.  The food was wonderful.  Loved it.  Well worth stopping by this little out of the way cafe for lunch.  

                1 star for really bad service. The waitstaff seemed overwhelmed and confused most of the night. There were 7 of us at my table. 6 entrees were served and we had to wait about 15 minutes for the 7th. I'm still waiting for the coffee that I ordered and never got. Bellydancing was average and the music was blaring loud. One of the waitstaffers was wearing a baseball cap the entire time... someone needs to tell this guy that it's rude to wear a hat in a setting like this. Amateur hour here... won't be back.  

                I'm giving this place 4 stars for the outstanding food and service. Jonathan and his wife are very attentive and super charming.  We found this place about 18 months ago thanks to yelp and I wish we lived closer so we could go back more often. Try their Moroccan salads and the kefta sandwich, they're authentic. And so is the tea.  The decor needs more work as the place still feels cold and unpersonable.  

                My second trip to Abigails for the bellydance dinner and show on Saturday was just as excellant as the first time.  Exquisite food, family atmosphere, entertaining dancer.  Be sure to make reservations as the lamb shank takes hours to prepare and is worth every penny of the $25 per plate cost.  Don't forget to tip the dancer!  This will be my restaurant of choice everytime I visit the bay area.  

                Mmmm... Moroccan food...  Up until trying this place on the 4th of July, I'd never had this cuisine. I loved it! We had the veggie sandwich and it was out of this world! The caramelized onions added quite a bit to the mix. Gosh it was good!  I don't know if they regularly do this but the owner gave us two cute, tiny little mint teas each (we're talking like Japanese restaurant tiny cups) at the end of our meal. It was also delicious!  Speaking of the owners: Friendly, friendly, friendly! Couldn't ask for better service/hospitality!  This place is still very new but didn't seem to have all the kinks that a lot of places need to smooth out after only being open for two or so months...  As for prices, no major complaints here. It's not dirt cheap though it's not pricey, either.  MAJOR awesome factor: THE VIEW! Being out on the little Ballena peninsula, you really get an amazing lookout point of SF, the naval ships (and USS Hornet), and sailboats in the Bay on a sunny day. If looking at the water isn't your thing, there's also a great little patio to sit in as well which still gets lots of sunlight but also has a lot of plant life so you feel like you're sitting in a garden!  The gf & I appreciated the tastefully/exotically decorated interior of the cafe, too.  I think it's needless to say we'll most definitely be back to Abigail Cafe & Deli which we're so glad to have under a mile away :D  Now *this* is a place that deserves 5 stars!  P.S. Owner told me there's a chance of them being open for dinner a night or two to start (to see what happens).. I hope they decide to for at least the weekend nights because I'm betting it'd be a success!  

                Perfect is perfect, Abigail's is perfect. You feel the vibe when you walk in the door. You're part of Abigail's family. I asked her a question, "Do you make cous cous?" She answered that she can cook it, and she will cook it if people ask. She will simply put in on the special of the day. That's right - the owner will cook cous cous for you, all you need to do is ask. For a family run Cafe - that's perfect.  But then you add in the quality of the food. I had the meatball sandwich on the advice of my son. I'm going to put it up in my top 5 best ever sandwiches. And it gets better; I ate it at a table with an unobstructed view San Francisco Bay on a bight clear day. A gentle breeze blew the grass while squirrels played. It was perfect.  I love Morocco, I visited once ten years ago, and while living in France. I also enjoy Moroccan cuisine. In particular, I enjoyed their tea. Abigail makes perfect Moroccan tea. That's right, perfect tea.  How can you tell that Abigail's is influenced by Morocco? It could be the large Moroccan flag hanging from the wall and paired with our American  Flag. It could be the Moroccan Kefka Sandwich, or the Moroccan confections, or the perfect tea. All of it points to a proud immigrant who is proud to share her culture with us, and for that I am grateful.   Abigail Cafe& Deli is a little hard to find, but I advice that you take the time to make a visit. I know, it's only a cafe, but I guarantee a good experience.  

                I truly love this place! Starring when you arrive , what beautiful view! This is a family owned restaurant that has a great moroccan food, just delicious! My favorite is chicken couscous. They also have great bellydancers on Saturday nights. This is just a wonderful environment  to bring your family and friends to have great night of entertainment and great food. I highly recommend this place.  

                We finally made it to the Saturday night dinner of either lamb or chicken and loads of vegetables with couscous and bread.  Wonderful and the belly dancing made it all the more special event to celebrate our 50th wedding anniversary tomorrow.  We felt  Comfortable the whole time we were there.  On Thursdays the chicken is available for Lunch also.  The couple Jonathan and Fatima do an excellent job of preparing and serving the dinners.  The belly dancer was like something from a dream!  Larry and Teri  

                Super nice staff that whipped up a delicious eggplant sandwich even though they were about to close. Looked like they had a lot of tasty things for lunch on the menu. Beautiful views, fantastic place to have lunch outside on a sunny day. We stopped by after a day on Alameda Beach, highly recommend it.  

