                Anytime someone asks the question, "What do you want to eat," my answer would be Japanese or French food. They can be iffy about my selection, but by the end of the night, they'll want to thank me.   We ordered the omakase:  1) Kani-age = fried soft shell crab  2) Hamachi kama = broiled yellowtail collar with ponzu sauce  3) Kanpachi nigiri = amberjack 4) Hokkaido Hotate  = scallop 5) Nama sake = Copper River salmon 6) Nama uni = sea urchin 7) Kuro maguro = otoro 8) Kegani = horsehair crab 9) Miyazaki wagyu = A5 wagyu beef with truffle 10) Shiro toro = white tuna belly  The variety is sublime, from fresh sea urchin to A5 wagyu to scallop to Copper River salmon and more. Each bite was packed with freshness.   Service was slow, but friendly. Finding this place at night can be tough due to their dark hidden barely noticeable sign.    I hope you give this delectable place a try. Cheers!  

                Came for a late lunch while visiting and was able to get a table without a reservation given that we would not take over an hour. I heard it was a little hard to get a table here so I guess we just lucked out.   The selection was pretty decent and fresh, although not exceptionally so. I enjoyed the ankimo and umimasu, but otherwise wasn't blown away as far as sushi experiences go (especially at that price point).  

                Had the omakase here last night, but wow the service level here is horrible... Slowest service I've experienced in months! For over 100 a person I expect to wait less than 25 minutes in between each dish... In fact, in between my meal the workers took sake shots... All in, I'm pretty disappointed.  Food wise everything was fresh and pretty solid. I recommend the wagyu + toro... And the uni.. Bomb..  

                3 months for one lunch reservation? What is this? The Japanese French Laundry?  The fish was decent, but at these upscale prices, it wasn't enough to wow me.  For the prices they charge, ALL the fish hold be flown from Japan, and have that fresh buttery taste, which it did not.  The waiter was slow with the tea and the dishes, and when I ordered the unagi roll, it wasn't even warm, or at room temperature, but tasted like it had been sitting at the sushi bar waiting to be served to the first sucker.  And that sucker would be me.  My co-worker had the chicken bento which was excellent, but once again, at double the price, that's the least of my expectations.  The toro roll had more rice than anything, which I'm never a fan of.  The uni was good, and the salmon and hamachi nigiri were okay.  And with lunch coming out to around $80, is it really worth it?  Honestly, with so many great Japanese restaurants out there, I don't see Akiko's as being in one of my top 10 restaurants.  

                Yay! Awesome sushi! This place is full every time I walk past so I was super happy that I managed to make a reservation on Open Table for lunch just 20 min in advance.   I had the 4 piece nigiri sushi sampler with saba shio-yaki. The sushi was amazing and the fish extremely fresh. Definitely wish I had more!  The saba shio-yaki took forever to be served after we were done with the sushi. My friend had already finished with her 6pcs nigiri tasting selection AND 2 cups of miso soup before my fish was served.   The fish itself was seasoned perfectly, though I found it to be just slightly overcooked so the fish dried out. Definitely coming back again another time for the omakase!  

                Excellent sushi.  The four of us came here and had the omakase.  We got:  Spinach in dashi broth Kanpachi (Amberjack) Sake (Salmon) Bafun Hokkaido uni (sea urchin) Smoked Hamachi (yellowtail) Hokkaido hotate (scallops) Kamasu (barracuda) Akamutsu with pate (grouper aka red fish) Tairagai (pen shell clam) Kegani (horsheair crab) Saba (mackerel) Wagyu beef sushi with truffle shavings  Everything was amazing!  Even the fresh wasabi and the housemade ginger were delicious.  However, it is hefty on the wallet compared to some other quality omakase, and service was incredibly slow.  Overall, I'd recommend for a nice dinner with some friends who would appreciate great sushi!  Not for those who are roll fans, or a place I would frequent simply due to distance and price.  

                My boyfriend and I came here for dinner on a Monday night. We decided to go with the omakase based on majority of the existing Yelp reviews.  Ambiance: It is definitely a nice place to go for dinner, but keep in mind the restaurant is quite small.  Sushi: The sushi is quite fresh and i liked the three nigiri's that came from Hokkaido (scallop, shrimp, and uni) and the A5 wagyu. Those items were quite delicious, but the other nigiri's that were included in the omakase didn't really create a wow factor. Reading all of the existing reviews really put my standards sky high and I just wasn't that impressed. Maybe I came on a bad day? I don't know, but this dining experience definitely made myself think I'd rather go to another Japanese restaurant that offered a much better Omakase dinner.  Price: The grand total including tax and tip was about $250, so if you're not ready to splurge, then this is probably not a spot you would want to go to.  Service: The service was great and very attentive.  Tip: The sushi chef that served us suggested to come on a Tuesday or Wednesday because they usually received their shipments on those days, so there would be more variety for the Omakase dinner set.  

                Get the Russian uni! It's heaven on a spoon.  Great sushi restaurant! Staff and chef is friendly and the ambience is modern.  

                Sashimi here is wonderful and melt in your mouth. I often get the sashimi tasting here. I don't think the rolls here are that great. I think the udon noodle sets and other items on the menu are very good but it changes from time to time. If you have a group over 4 then this may not be a place for you. Agashi tofu was great here.  

                Dining at Akiko's is definitely a treat. The first time I was taken here by a couple of awesome friends, one of whom knows one of the sushi chefs (now former). That experience was pretty unforgettable as we sat at the bar and indulged in individual plate after individual plate of delicately prepared and indescribably delicious bites of nigiri, dressed with fish, wagyu, shaved truffle, and other amazing elements.  Last Friday, I returned with a couple of my coworkers, as one of them was leaving us to start her maternity leave. We decided we needed a GOOD meal and headed to Akiko's.  The restaurant is unmarked, so it's easy to just walk pass it, which I pretty much did. We got there at around 1:30pm so the lunch hour rush had died down for the most part. We were asked to wait a little bit as our table was cleared and prepped, and were pretty promptly seated by the street-facing window.  Initially, service got off to a bit of a shaky start. We just sat there browsing our menus and waited for someone to come over and check in with us. A gal who seated us didn't really come back, nor did anyone else, and we had to physically flag down someone and ask if we can order. At a fine dining restaurant like Akiko's, we didn't expect that kind of service. They had a lot to make up to make the lunch spectacular.  Luckily, things turned drastically around for the better once food started to arrive. We ordered Sake (fresh salmon) Roll, a salad to share, Kani-Age: Fried Soft Shell Crab, Nigiris (Hara Sake: Seared Salmon Belly; Ankimo: Monkfish Liver;  Shiro Maguro: White Tuna; Uni: Sea Urchin, Amaebi: Sweet Shrimp), the recommended Kampachi (Amberjack) head and collar, broiled and tasty.    The salad was presented in a lovely fashion, even accompanied by tiny little lavender flowers, edible I guess since I ate them. There were tiny arugula looking leaves. Very adorable. The dressing was just right. Refreshing and a good accompaniment to the textures of the greens.  The Kani-Age (Fried Soft Shell Crab) was cooked excellently. It was lightly battered and crunchy on the outside, juicy, hot and delicious on the inside. We savored each tiny crab leg that was fried to perfection.  All of the Nigiri were delicious and the fish portions were pretty generous. The Ankimo pieces far over draped the rice, so you could really taste the liver flavor. The fish is incredibly fresh here, and the sushi chefs look like they're master artists while creating these creations. We thoroughly enjoyed each nigiri. The Amaebi came accompanied with friend shrimp heads, which was really crispy and the gushy brains tasted extra good. What a sin!   The Kampachi (Amberjack) head and collar was a good choice because as it arrived, all we could see was the giant eyeball staring up at us. Definitely photo-worthy right by itself! The meat was well cooked, and there were plenty to go around as we just dug into dish and shredded it to pieces.   The host was very attentive (far surpassing the initial hostess we had). He came to our table and explained each dish as they were delivered to our table. We were admiring the beautifully plated food, and he came over and told us not to let the sushi sit on the table too long because the temperature will change the taste. We quickly stuffed our mouths as soon as we heard that!   At the end of our meal, we were so satisfied with our bellies full of super tasty food. Akiko's was just as I remembered! For me at least, this is a special-occasion kind of place, but I think that just make each visit that much more memorable! See you next time.  

                Akiko has been on my list to try for quite some time now. Finally had the chance to go last week and it definitely did not disappoint! We didn't go for omakase this time since we heard it could take 2 hours, also we didn't sit at the bar to make the experience worthwhile. We ordered a bunch of nigiri including: Kanpachi A5 Wagyu with truffle shavings: expensive, not sure if it was worh it. Chutoro (Otoro was out that night, sad) Normal nigi including salmon, barracudo etc...) Everything was really good, the nama uni though, was the best uni I've ever had. My bf and I are not even uni lovers and we definitely loved the uni here! I can say now that I'm a convert! For cooked dishes, we ordered the miso black cod, which is also the best black cod I've ever had. My bf and I were fighting over the dish. The special of the night was bbq ribs (I know, a pretty weird choice for a sushi restaurant) but it was worth it. Overall, I would come back and try the omakase. This place is def one of the best sushi places in SF.  

                What a little gem! As most Yelpers have stated already, Akiko's is a bit difficult to find....it's located next to an Irish Bar & Restaurant. If you're walking down Bush St toward Kearny St, the only sign you'll get that lets you know you're at Akiko's is a gigantic fish painted on the side of the wall. LOOK FOR IT. And the Irish Bar sign.  We weren't very hungry tonight--unfortunately--and one of us drove, so no drinks tonight! :( So we only ordered three specialty rolls: negihama, spider, and rainbow. I really wish we would have ordered sashimi!  The service was really good, and the atmosphere is beautiful. I love the coziness of the area coupled with the dimly lit tables--a really nice spot for a date night! There's a nice bar area in the front--BUT IT'S NOT A FULL BAR, so you can't order any type of cocktail. They have a great selection of wines and sake though, so you'll have plenty to choose from!  FYI, there's another place called Akiko's Sushi Bar on Mason St...make sure if you're coming to Akiko's Restaurant that you look for it located on Bush St!  I am DEFINITELY coming back here and getting the omakase and trying some of their sake next time. Can't wait until next time, Akiko!  

                Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to an Akiko dinner!  This place does not disappoint.  Some of the tastiest, well prepared nigiri and hand rolls i've ever had - you can taste the quality and thoughtfulness that go into each piece that is made.  These sushi/sashimi chefs seriously know what they're doing.  Total sweethearts (and cuties) too.  My favs:   tekka roll and suzuki (sea bass) nigiri - yum.  My only gripe:  my gal pal and I came in here at 6PM on a Wednesday - place was EMPTY and we were asked if we had reservations, we did not.  She made us sit at the bar (which turned out to be just fine - got to sit next to the cool sushi chefs and service was excellent).  However, the entire place was EMPTY, she said they were booked with reservations.  Wouldn't be a big deal, but as we left, the place was still just as empty as when we arrived.  Oh Akiko.  

                I came with a group of 5 for an early lunch and the place was maybe half-full. The restaurant is pretty small, so I'd recommend a reservation, especially for dinner. There's no actual sign outside with the restaurant name so it's easy to miss, but it's right by the Irish Bank.  Food is a little pricey here, but not outrageous, especially given the high quality of the fish. Definitely worth the spend, though I probably wouldn't suggest coming here if you were really hungry. I had the Sashimi Tasting, which was 12 pieces of amazing sashimi for $34, and would definitely recommend it.  Service is great here - friendly and attentive - and the atmosphere is pretty cozy.  ==============================  SASHIMI TASTING (12pc) $34 - 5/5 [2 pc salmon, 2 pc tuna, 2 pc mature snapper, 3 pc white tuna, 3 pc yellowtail] The sashimi is AMAZING here! Super fresh, really great texture and pretty generous cuts. My favorites of the five were the white tuna and the yellowtail. Both were incredibly soft and basically melts in your mouth. The other sashimi were definitely good quality too, but had a little more of a chew to them  

                One of the best sushi and sashimi experiences in SF. Came here for a friend's bday and it had the perfect ambiance for a small, intimate setting and excellent service.  We ordered the omakase and truly enjoyed each dish and experience topped off wagu beef that I'm still dreaming about!  All the nigiri/sashimi was super tasty and fresh!   Also, I brought in a couple desserts for the birthday girl and not only did they NOT charge a fee for outside desserts but they even plated them beautifully for us!!! This really is the perfect place for special occasions- highly recommend!  

                Amazing quality fish, really surprised and impressed by the quality of food here. The servers and sushi chefs all seemed both competent and friendly.   Make sure you make a reservation here, as the restaurant is tiny and there are almost never empty tables for walk-ins.  

                Pricey sushi but is fresh and delicious. In order to feel full here, I would have to order about $60 worth of food. The Sashimi Tasting comes with 12 pcs of salmon, tuna, etc and is very good but leaves you still feeling hungry. We also ordered the tekka and negihama rolls which were excellent- I highly recommend! Both have raw tuna and are quite tasty.   Despite the yummy food and spending $60 between two people, my friend and I were still hungry after this meal and decided to get ramen afterwards to feel fully satisfied. I don't think it's a great value here so I won't be coming back.  

                Tonight was the second time we've visisted Akiko's. The first time we went was while spontaneously walking by it but were rejected due to not having a reservation.  The place isn't very big and also kind of hard to find since there's really no signage outside. Just look for the house number.  The food is honesty, mediocre and over-priced. Saw so many of my friend's posts about this place and raving about the quality of the fish that I was really excited to try it. The A5 wagyu nigiri was good but having tasted A5 in Tokyo, for some reason it didn't match up to my previous experience (maybe the transport diluted the taste =P). The nigiri and sashimi were also just meh. The toro barely had that fatty taste to it. All in all, would not go here again. I don't mind paying money for quality, but this place is not up to par with some of the other better Japanese establishments within the City or Silicon Valley.  

                Yelp failed us on this one. I consider myself a sushi (nigiri) connoisseur. Saw the pics and  reviews on yelp and was very excited. Went for lunch, waited an hour for a table to have a very slow and expensive lunch. Took forever to take our order and each dish took 10-15 minutes each to deliver...and this is nigiri...nothing complicated. 1hr 20min, we were out and that's giving the guy my credit card when he handed me the last dish of nigiri. Plus it wasn't even busy! $106 for eight pieces of sushi and tako salad. I don't mind paying but service was way below average. Only why I'm giving 3 star is because the sushi was AVERAGE. We won't be coming back or recommend to anyone.  

                Originally I was going to give Akiko's a four star but based on the omakase I had last night I had to jump on here and profess my love.  With the exception of the uni (which I didn't try because it's not my thing) every thing that was brought to me I loved.  It was some of the best nigiri I've had in my entire life.  In particular, there were pieces of red snapper and mackerel complimented with cherry and wasabi beneath the fish that were tastes on par with the finest restaurants, and the belly was the meltiest I have ever experienced.  And, it was pretty inexpensive (~$100 a person) given the quality and quantity of what we consumed.  I highly recommend trying omakase here!  I've been to Akiko's a few times before and my experience has been pretty consistent: it's tough to get reservations, the space could use a little work (it's often quite warm in here), and you should stick to the nigri and sashimi.  You're probably thinking "duh it's a sushi place!" but I know there are lots of people who come to these restaurants and order tempura and teriyaki - I'm just saying that if this is your m.o. you will probably be a lot happier elsewhere because what I've had isn't something to sing praises about.  They have a great sake and wine selection.  I've had a bunch of sake here and all of it has been well-paired with my meals.   You will need to plan ahead to eat here.  I've tried getting reservations for Friday and Saturday nights a week in advance and in all cases I haven't been able to reserve them.  In fact, every meal I've had at Akiko's has been on like, Tuesday and Wednesday nights at 9pm.  Keep this in mind!  I have yet to try Kusakabe so my opinion may change but as of now I am confident in saying that Akiko's is my favorite sushi restaurant in SF!  

                Came here for my boyfriends bday a few weeks ago. It definitely lived up to all the good reviews. Do make reservations and try omakase, it's worth it.  My boyfriend and I love getting omakase at different sushi places, we always like trying new and exotic fishes. We had a 15 different items and the nigiri was so fresh and good. The best ones were the Chu toro, Russian uni, scallop, local king salmon and kinmedai.  The uni was the best I have ever had, it was creamy and had no taste of the ocean. The Chu toro was so buttery and rich, it was perfect. Akikos ranks in one of my top 5 omakase  places. If you love fresh nigiri and sashimi this place is worth a try!   Total for 2 with tax and tip: $249  

                I've only tried their Sashimi and Sushi Omokaze. Unfortunately, sushi didn't meet the standard as the sushi rice wasn't done right. Sashimi was good but most Sushi joint in SF can do Sashimi pretty well if they can source good quality fish but if they can't get the rice done right, that dissipate the experience... maybe it was their bad-rice day. Perhaps I'll just need to stick to rolls and stuff next time if I do go back. The interior is pretty neat and trendy. Bar seating recommended.  

                I love Japanese food, but when it comes to Sushi, you have to really impress me especially if I'm going to shell out a ton of money for it. I came here and had the omakase simply because this is the best way to experience the skill level of the chef as well as the true ingredients.  Walking into this place, the ambiance was awesome,discreet store front and inside, you have a cozy modern, chic decor. We sat at the bar, and had an awesome chef. Straight from Japan, it was great watching him at work putting together a variety of plates. I couldn't have asked for a better environment to spend time with friends, even the water pitchers were on point.   Now, the food, was about average for me and that is the main driver as to why this place is receiving 3 stars. I love all types of sushi, and when it's good you know it is GOOD, but at the same time, it is very easy to tell the difference between the quality of fish you are getting. That being said, as we went through our different pieces, you could distinctly tell that some pieces were fresher and more flavorful than others. For me this is a problem. To be a top tier sushi restaurant in my book, you need to provide consistency across the board.  This in no way is a reflection on the chef, but rather on the ingredients he was given to work with.   Although, this is listed as $$ on Yelp, if you are having the omakase, expect to pay pretty similar prices to other sushi restaurants. Overall, this place had good vibes, friendly staff and decent food. I will be back here to try some of the other dishes.  

                YELP, HOW CAN YOU LEAD ME ASTRAY #DISAPPOINT  Since I am not a sashimi expert nor lover, this review is for all you regular sushi lovers! ~2.5 Stars but rounded down to 2 Stars because the heavy disappointment is still strongly lingering... TL;DR?? If you enjoy fresh quality raw fish/sashimi, definitely stop by here. If you want big portioned rolls that are fulfilling, then skip this place because each specialty roll came in about 5 small pieces. Your wallet will hurt tenderly if you're hungry.  My friend and I came here for Weds dinner around 6PM and snagged a tiny table in the corner of the restaurant. I immediately noticed the minimalistic vibe of the restaurant. There were not many decorations and everything was made of light brown wood and had a nature color scheme. We ordered edamame and 3 specialty rolls, total bill was $32 (excluding tax and tip). I spent ~$20 for 6-7 pieces of sushi...Not. Worth. It.   SPIDER $7...SOFT SHELL CRAB, AVOCADO, SCALLION, SOY PAPER Grade C: There was simply not. enough. crab. This was actually one of the worst spider rolls I've ever had. The crab was in such small quantity that it got lost because the fresh avocado was so overwhelming.   TEKKA $12...TUNA, SCALLION, AVOCADO, CRISPY SHISO, PICKLED CARROT, SESAME Grade B: Definitely the busiest roll I ate. There were many components to this specialty roll and somehow the chefs still managed to downsize it to tiny itty bitty pieces. The tuna and veggies made this roll the crispiest one. Tasty but not worth $12.  SAKE $10...FRESH SALMON, AVOCADO, SCALLION, YUZU JALAPENO, TARE, TOASTED SESAME Grade A: My favorite roll of the night! By far, the salmon had the FRESHEST taste to it! It was so exhilarating that I wish I had more to eat :) The Yuzu jalapeno definitely gives it a nice feisty kick in your mouth! Nothing too spicy so don't be alarmed. The pieces of avocado however were unusually large in this roll, although the salmon cuts were also proportionally large. Love love love!  [[PROS]] ++ FRESH fresh fresh Fish! The salmon and tuna were both excellent cuts and the texture was perfect enough to melt in your mouth. Hands down, quality freshness.  + Fresh Avocado and Veggies. All their avo & vegs were crisp and had no signs of browning or mushy texture. Perfecto again.  + Efficient Service for sure. Friendly? Sort of, depending on who you get. My water and teas were always refilled and our table was cleaned after every consumed roll, bravo.  + Minimalistic Ambiance. I find beauty in simply things and the abstract yet quaint set-up of the restaurant was mesmerizing and much appreciated. The careful choosing and pairings of the candle, water glasses, tea cups, chopstick holder, etc. are a harmonious cohesion.  [[CONS]] -- Not ENOUGH FOOD! Argh, my friend and I ordered an appetizer and 3 rolls (total= $32) and STILL left so hungry ugh. Each specialty roll we ordered consisted of 5-6 TINY pieces! How frustrating considering the prices...but their quality is spectacular though.  - Too Pricey for the Food portions. I do enjoy and appreciate good quality but not at the expense of quantity and leaving the restaurant hungry. How embarrassing.  - Crowded/Small Restaurant. I got lucky eating dinner at 6PM but I cannot tell you how many people waited or left during dinner time because there were simply not enough chairs or open spots at the bar.  

                Delicious fresh sushi spot in downtown SF, what a find! I suggest the sashimi and a reservation. Also, go with a good friend who loves sushi, you'll have fun!  

                Best thing was the shiro maguro in my $23 6pc nigiri.  Everything else was either chewy, rubbery and/or fishy.    I understand the sushi chefs are making items for the tables also, but my nigiri set shouldn't have taken 15 minutes to complete.  That was AFTER I finished my wakame salad, which was your standard neon green stuff with some fancy micro greens placed delicately on top.  Enjoyed the yuzu.  Not impressed.    Loved the hooks under the sushi bar!  Really obnoxious 'regulars' that are allowed to rant and rave, just topped off the experience.    $40 for a truly forgettable lunch.  

                One of my goals for my vacation to San Francisco was to have "real" sushi. Akiko's was definitely the right choice for that. A tiny little sushi bar tucked away a block away from the China Gate without any sort of signage, it's exactly the sort of gem everyone tries to find.  I went for a light lunch while waiting for a friend and was seated right away without a reservation, despite the tiny size. They had a VERY impressive sake selection; unfortunately I only had time for one glass. I ate the Hokkaido scallop sashimi, and a spicy tuna roll. Service was very quick and attentive, and prices very reasonable for good quality sushi. A perfect spot to pop into for a quick lunch, or for catching up with a friend over several glasses of sake. I'd return in a heartbeat.  

                How have I not reviewed this place. There is absolutely no better sushi (nigiri) better in San Francisco.  If you want rolls, go somewhere else, if you want cooked food, go somewhere else. If you want to spend good money, getting wonderfully put together Nigiri, come here.  I've eaten 6 or 7 times here now and this is what I can tell you: 1) You must have a reservation. You can typically get one a couple days in advance, so it isn't the worst thing in the world, but you can not walk in 2) Order Nigiri. 3) If they have it then get: Umimasu (Ocean Trout), Wagyu Beef, and "whatever else they have special that night."  You do not need to add soy sauce to what they serve you, they've made it to order as best it should be enjoyed.  This place isn't cheap, but it is worth it.  

                1 omakase and a fool number of nigiri= $277... No drinks.  Atmosphere is lively---small space with sushi bar.  Awesome fish flown in from Tsukiji, but difficult to fathom paying $67 for 6 and change pieces of nigiri.  2 piece nigiri runs from $9-16.. Pricier than Sushi Ran  

                I absolutely love Akiko's. If you truly love Sushi, please try this place. The only con I can think of is price. It can get very expensive. There was a unique order of two-piece sushi that was about $32 which was really delicious but I think you get the point.. I don't even remember what it tasted like now.  The receive fish overnight from Japan and they are extremely fresh and cut perfectly. Presentation enhanced tasting experience as wells as the ambiance.  Servers really know their fish, it's taste, and do not hesitate to recommend other fish that you may enjoy.  

                I have been to Akiko's twice now, and I actually had fairly different experiences both times. I am not sure whether I was at opposite ends of a spectrum, or whether one was more in line with the norm.   Anyway, the pros: tremendous, memorable selection of fish (e.g. barracuda and some delicious marinated toro), and everything was very fresh and tasty. Also, not all that expensive, really.   The cons: the nigiri/sashimi was the only part of the menu that I thought was creative. The rolls I had this time were a bit unimaginative and only marginally better than the average sushi joint.   The first time I ate here, our waiter offered to make recommendations and I think he might have gone off-menu for some rolls. They were amazing and unique, and he paired them with other dishes to boot. This time, our waiter seemed hurried and did not offer (and I did not ask, which admittedly is on me). But then he forgot part of our order.   Anyway, Akiko's is still quite good and worth making a reservation at, if you know you're going to in the area. I would definitely go back, and I'm still giving it 4 stars because even my second visit was really quite good.  

                Bottom Line: Top sushi spot in the city  My fiancée took me here for my birthday and it was awesome. I have been Pretty sure reservation is a must but maybe you can walk-in and grab a seat at the bar.  We had the 6 pc nigiri tasting, octopus sunomono, salmon nigiri, 2 pc uni, salmon roll, and blue crab. I asked the server for some recommendations on the rice wine and got some direction but could be better.   The nigiri tasting had your usual suspects but all were very high quality. Honestly, everything was great so just go to Akiko's!  Well the blue crab was just good. The crab portion was a bit small to share so order your own. With so many terrible, bad and ok sushi in the city this is an easy 5 star for SF.  

                We have been here a few times now. Experience has been mixed. If you sit in the back dining room, the service can be a bit slow. Also, the nigri portions can vary..but for the most part, the food is always fresh and delicious.  They are on list of top 5 sushi places in in SF.  

                Attempted to make reservations online but found it was booked up until the end of the week, we show up right when it opens at 5:30 on a Monday night and was told we could only sit at the sushi bar and cannot order the sushi/dinner sets. You can show up and wait for no-shows and obtain a seat that way too.  We ordered: Fried Ika ($8) Saba Shio Yaki ($11) 12 pcs sashimi ($34) Kanpachi sashimi ($23) Kuro maguro Akami ($15) Kuro Maguro- Otoro ($25) Negi Toro sushi roll ($20) Uni ($9)  The slices of fish are very generously thick. The only thing I have to complain about besides the rice being a little too hard/distracting with it's brownish color is the uni we got. This was my first time trying uni and we watched the sushi chef take the last piece from the box that was very slimey and put it on the rice and for the other he grabbed a brand new uni piece from a different box that looked more fresh. I didn't want to complain or ask about it because sushi chef knows best... (see pic)   Make sure you get the Nama Selection menu (that's where the premium stuff is). We didn't know about it until the sushi chef told us. They serve you the sushi roll last so you have room in your stomach to order more nigiri/sashimi or to prevent you from being too full to enjoy the good stuff.  Service was good even coming from the sushi bar. I think we had more fun sitting there than a regular table because we got to order whenever we felt like it and watched the chef meticulously slice the fish and prep the other orders.  This place isn't authentically Japanese but they do get all their fish from Japan so it's very fresh.  

                Went in, and the pos machine didn't work. Was told after I started to order, very frustrating.  

                Fantastic experience. I loved the coziness of this place.  Must have their passion fruit cocktail, its the only one on the menu. The fish was fresh, and having just gotten back from Japan a few months ago, I would have to say the sushi quality is comparable. It was so good I've made another reservation to visit soon.  The service was great too!  

                I'm dreaming of when I can return to Akiko's, the unlabeled, unassuming dark wood restaurant on the edge of Union Square.  It's been a couple weeks since my phenomenal birthday dinner...and I'm still dreaming of sushi, Jiro style.  Okay maybe not as masterfully and eloquently as Jiro, but I do still dream longingly for the sashimi I savored at Akiko's. According to my boyfriend, Akiko's is notoriously known for their practice of turning away folks without reservations.  Fortunately, he remembered to make birthday reservations for us (that's a big deal for him!), and we were seated at what we consider the best table in the entire restaurant.  We sat in a semi-private alcove at the front of the restaurant, near large window panes with natural, filtered light pouring in.  The hostess gave us a choice of sitting at the bar so we could talk to the chef during our meal, or a private table for quieter conversation.  This choice was most likely offered because we requested the omakase menu on our online reservation.  Service was top notch throughout the meal, and I appreciated how informative our server was when presenting each plate of nigiri.  It has been said many times before, but the fish at Akiko's is a step or two above the rest.  The fish is extraordinarily fresh, tasty, and served at the appropriate sea level temperature (this is not true for most other sushi restaurants).  Their attention to detail and commitment to simple elegance in plating and decor is so refreshing.    From the light jasmine tea we drank, which complemented the sushi so well without overpowering the flavor of the fish, to the carefully selected pre-seasoned plates of sushi with wasabi and different varieties of soy sauce layered into the rice, I could tell that Akiko's understands authentic Japanese sushi.  Our omakase menu - stars denote my favorites of the night :)  -Green salad -Agedashi tofu -Kani-age (fried soft shell crab) -Copper river salmon* -Shima-aji (mackerel) -Maguro (tuna) -Umimasu (trout)* -Uni -Hotate (scallop)* -Amaebi -Suzuki (sea bass) -Ume-madai (snapper) -Kamasu (barracuda) -A5 Wagyu with truffle garnish* -Red bean mochi  Our bill was hefty ($210 pre-tip), but the experience was memorable in all the right ways.  Akiko's simply serves up the best sashimi I've ever had.  We will be back again!  

                You still have to wait even though you have reservations unless prior parties leave early.   I did not drive here so I don't know too much about how parking is but there is parking lots everywhere near by as well as street parking (metered).  Ambiance is noisy as if in a lounge. Even if you and a friend or significant sits across from each other, expect to lean forward a lot to hear one another.  Also if you have asthma like myself. While sitting inside to eat (very very narrow room). Its hard to breathe. No air circulation and candles makes it that much harder.   Waiting area is very tiny, its technically not even a waiting area. So if they are busy, expect to wait outside. Waiting inside means you are cramped in the center between a bar, a few tables and the door. Once those table food comes out, you will be moving to your right/left often to get out their way.  Food: it was good! Will I come back again? Honestly its 50/50. The salmon sashimi was delicious. That would be the only reason why I'd come back. Even than...I would most likely just do an order to go. Not worth to wait another 30-45 min after my reservation time just to be seated.  

                Because we wanted to order everything on the menu we went with the Omakase.  We found ourselves in the same situation trying to select a Saki from the extensive list so we asked for a pairing and our super duper server graciously obliged (he was so awesome I wanted to take him home but my husband said we probably couldn't afford him).  The fish is the freshest of the fresh and I can't believe I am going to praise rice, but this sushi rice had a sublime texture and temperature.  Our list of tasty fish was:  Hamachi Kama Yakimono Kanpachi Shiro Toro Sake Chu Toro Uni (my fav) Kegani Nama Hotate Madai Tennen Sawara Kuromutse Kamasu - barracuda was a new experience for me Kinmedai  The three fabulous saki's were:  Tobiou (honey) Yamahi (full body with honey) Trapeza (Lychee)  We definitely dropped some coin but it was worth it!  

                This place is definitely a $$$$ place, not $$!  We got lucky to have the table right away without reservation on Fri night. The place is small but totally modern and warm. We ordered the nigiri on the special menu and THEY ARE ALL GOOD! The must-try one is Wagyu beef with truffle. However, I dont really impress with the negi toro roll. It is a bit soggy to me. Our service is friendly and nice. He came back to our table ( or his table) to check on us frequently. I think Akiko's price completely beats sushi Ran but not sure about the quality. They both have an excellent fine dishes but I obsessed more with sushi Ran's rolls and small dishes.  

                I've been here a few times, and I've always left here satisfied with the taste of deliciously FRESH sushi. My only issue is with the service at times. A co-worker and I came here after making reservations earlier that day, and when we entered the hostess made us wait for nearly 30 minutes to sit at the sushi bar because our reservations were made only that day and there was another party expected to come who made reservations way in advance(does that matter?), and the other side of the sushi bar was off limits because the sushi chef was new.. Turns out that "special" party never came, and shortly after we were seated the hostess allowed another party to sit in those exact seats. Lame.  Pretentiousness aside, we ordered some sake to celebrate the fact that it was Friday and we were about to get our sushi on. The chef was friendly, helpful and informative on the different types of sushi they had available that day. We would've kept eating if it wasn't for our bellies being full. The bill was about $70 each, but given we had the drinks along with a lot of the specials it didn't feel overpriced. I'd say 5 stars (6 really) for the sushi and 1 star for the hostess. Not going to knock the entire restaurant down for her attitude, but only because the food more than made up for it.  

                Reservation required it seems. Hard to find location! I walked right by it at first. Thankfully the chopstick using patron the window gave it away. Amazing fish! Freshh and some of the best in the city. It is pricey, but I had a great experience here that seemed to be off the beaten path and pretty secluded to enjoy your food!  I will never forget the table next to me that ordered a bottle of wine and then got into a diatribe with the waitress about how the bottle was tart and had her fancy son agree that they've had many bottles of this wine and theirs was tainted. Seriously no shame. The waitress did her best to appease them, but what a son and mother shitshow. A whole opened bottle of wine gone. I'll pass judgment and figure they were sommeliers of some sort, but maam you're here for the sushi not the wine. Hope you got your rocks off on that.  Cheers!  

                since my friend took me to lazy bear, i decided to repay the favor and treat them here.. ive been wanting to go here for yrs and they haven't been back in a while..  best sushi experience to date! i wish i could go here every month  step 1: get reservations (at the bar) step 2: order omakase step 3: be ready to stuff yourselves silly  omakase:  -sunmono callop -kinmedai -tenjyou buri -madai -hotate  -isaki -kamasu -umimasu -iwashi -kuro maguro: 2 types -a5 wagyu -uni -tenen hirame a few other things i dont remember/ wasn't on the receipt  our chef trevor was the best and we had a great time talking to him the whole time.. trevor used to work at ozumo then a short stint at pabu before coming here..  i need to come back soon!!  

                Food is really great and fresh. Not a kids friendly restaurant. NO HIGH CHAIR for kids.  

                Yummy sushi! Very fresh with is the most important thing in sushi....  Small and cozy, definitely recommended. 4 stars because its a bit pricy for the small portions and there is no atmosphere.  

                If you are looking for a unique sushi dining experience where you can sample a wonderful array of rare and exotic fishes then look no further than Akiko's.   Omakase is the only way to go but be warned it can add up quickly. I totally believe it was worth every penny and would gladly go back for another special occasion.  Side note: BEST Agadashi Tofu I have had to date!   Overall Thoughts  Come to Akiko's with an open mind and an open wallet and I promise you won't leave disappointed!  

                The Omakase experience here is definitely worth it. Got to try so many fish you can't find elsewhere. Their menu changes often depending what fish they can get their hands on... but I can tell you all their fish are FRESH!!! That texture from each one gives your mouth a surprised feeling. Whether it melts in your mouth, firm yet soft when you bite into it, or whatever. Hope that description didn't come off a lil dirty but I can't describe it enough! Ranging from $90-$100/person with a very generous portion. My omakase started off with a spinach salad, then oysters, then many pieces of sashimi and nigiri. It was enough to be full for the night leaving a lil room for dessert.  Few items that highlighted my night was the monkfish liver... this was creamy, buttery, and reminds me a lot of Uni but taste totally different. Tried two different types of mackerel, and can't forget the Toro!! The wagyu beef nigiri was awesome being the last piece that complimented my entire meal. It was just amazing.  This place is reservations ONLY so please reserve on OpenTable so you won't be disappointed by being a walk-in. Reserve at least a week in advance for a good time slot. Only regret is I should've called to request seats at the bar. I missed all the action from the sushi chef. Until next time.  

                Seriously this place is the best sushi place I tried in my life because their rice is so different from regular sushi place; and especially sooooo chewy :) However, I couldn't find this place easily because the outside was under construction. Also, I saw a lot of reviews about if you don't reserve, you have to wait for a while. However, when we went for a lunch, there was no one in the place which we were free to go in :)   When I went in there, this place is really cute and small. However, if I knew their prices, I WOULD NOT COME HERE! IT IS FREAKING EXPENSIVE!!! Seriously, 6 nigiri costs $26 WOW. I know this place's sushi is so good and awesome, but if the prices are so high, I wouldn't come back to try it. I don't know why this place has only $$, they should have $$$. Also, it is so hard to get a parking because it is SF.  

                Some of the freshest sushi I have ever eaten.  Overall, a pleasant experience with great service.  I thought the ambience was minimalist and somewhat intimate.  The lighting was dim and a great place to go for a business meal or something more casual.  The only complaint that I have would that the menu font be darker and less modern.  With the fine modern thin line font and the dim light, it was a bit of a challenge to read the menu.  Dont get me wrong, I have decent eyesight and have worked in dark rooms before... but it was quite hard to make out what I was ordering.  That aside, I wish the soy sauce containers were a bit bigger.  Ours kept running low and we didn't even use that much.  

                Trendy place in union square.   Monkfish liver nigiri is so fresh and it's like melting in your mouth. Highly recommended. $8.5.   Tekka is also delicious! Got avocado and tuna inside. The crispy soft crab inside is nice touch. Enjoy it a lot. They had a mistake and gave us another order of the same.   Ika - we ordered fried squid but cannot wait until it comes we already feel very full cuz of the duplicate order of Tekka.  

                One of the better sushi restaurants in the bay area. This place is hip and modern. The sushi chefs wear button downs, chambray shirts, etc.  The fish is pretty fresh and very firm (came on Tuesday lunch so the variety was somewhat limited because they just got their fish in and some were still being "processed".) So we knew that was the freshest it's probably going to be here.  Kinda pricey for the quality but I guess this is as good as it gets here.  

                One night at boxing, oppa almost punched me in the face. Thank goodness I never let my guard down. So, for nearly punching me in the face, I said we would be eating sushi after boxing. I dragged his ajusshi arse in here for omakase. We were warned that it would take nearly 2 hours. Oppa didn't want to sit around through that but I said too bad!  Yes omakase really does take that long. Yea you need a reservation.  No, the rice isn't tinted with soy sauce. Their sushi rice is seasoned with a red vinegar. Hen did not care for it but I liked it. I felt like Akiko's is a great mix of traditional with a slight modern twist on sushi. If you can, splurge on the wagyu w. truffles. It wasn't in the cards for me that night but perhaps maybe in the future.  favorites: kani miso nigiri - winter crab mixed with "miso butter" aka crab guts but best known as CRAB BUTTA! This needs to be in my life, constantly.  shiro ebi - white prawn from Japan. amazing texture, really. incredibly sweet and tender kinmedai - golden eye snapper from Japan kinki - thorny head  While Akiko's isn't necessarily a place for a random tuesday night when you almost get punched in the face, it can be great for a special occasion or if you want to impress a sushi snob on a date.  

                This may be a good restaurant but they WILL NOT accommodate walk -ins.   I was turned away on a Monday night. Not a good level of customer service. This was very annoying as the restaurant was virtually empty at 6:45!!  

                What would I do without you Yelp?  My friend and I happened to both be in SF for work and managed to meet for an impromptu lunch. I pulled up ye' 'bible' and did a quick search for sushi that was open now (12pm), up to two $$, and within reasonable distance.  Akiko. Bingo!!  As time was of the essence, I grabbed a cab and bee lined it over, from Moscone West to the venue was roughly 10 min.  Storefront is nondescript and homie had to slow his roll to find this little gem. I located my friend at the sushi bar and settled in. Oooh, purse hooks - gal's best friend! Of course I felt giddy inside, little things like this excite me.   I quickly surveyed the place - it's definitely on the smaller side. Sushi bar is L-shaped and seats 8-10 give or take. I'm not too sure how many patrons can sit down for a table but it looked like it could accommodate 5 different parties. Luckily you can call to make a reservation or do it online.  Sushi chefs and wait staff provided top notch service, even though they teased me a little while I was taking my foodie photos :P   The food was great, all very fresh and reasonably priced! I ordered the Duo: with 4pc nigiri and saba-shio yaki and it was dee-licious!! $21 for all that + miso soup. My friend got a Duo as well but opted for salmon and sashimi. While waiting for our order we spied on a dish that looked utterly amazing, we couldn't contain our oogling so inquired what it was: a ha! Poki bowl!  We caved and ordered one but judiciously decided to split. At first I was sad inside because I knew it was going to be bomb dot com and was feeling too greedy to share BUT in the end I was glad we went halvesies.  Their hot green tea was a smart choice for an afternoon lunch and when you have to go back to work, although the sake + beer was quite tempting!!  Anyway, whenever I'm back in SF and craving sushi + yummy saba - you'll be sure to find my ass parked on one of their bar stools, this time with hot sake+beer in hand, oh yeah.  

                3.5 STARS  For the longest time I though the unlabeled Akiko's Restaurant was an Irish Bar (in fact, there is one around the corner). I've heard such great things about Akiko's for years, I had let myself imagine so many incorrect details. There was no old man sushi chef, and no little old lady wife serving a few small tables - there were hipster white people cutting sashimi and searing fish. The place was not especially Japanese or traditional, but rather modern and new.   All the dishes were ordered were pretty good, the fish was really fresh and didn't leave me extremely hangry... just a little hangry. I enjoyed the food here, but it doesn't meet the hype.   * SHRIMP TEMPURA ($8) - 3.5 STARS: Lightly battered and flash fried, 4 piece tiger prawns with ginger broth.  I typically don't like tempura but this was nice because it tasted like it was freshly battered and fried. The tiger prawns were on the small side, which ultimately was a good thing because it was delicate in texture. The overall taste was good but it wasn't mind blowing.  * DEEP FRIED SOFT SHELL CRAB ($??) - 3.5 STARS: Lightly battered and flash fried. This was delicious, fresh and tasty just like the tempura shrimp.   * TUNA SHOULDER NIGIRI ($12) - 3.5 STARS: This sashimi special was nice and marbled, it reminded me of Saru and Ichi because it was so overpriced, but comparatively the flavor and quantity was miles ahead. It was good, but I've still had better.  * SASHIMI SAMPLER 12 PC ($35) - 3 STARS: There were definitely highlights (trout wow), average pieces (salmon, yellow tail), and passable pieces (octopus so chewy). This chef's special is fixed, too bad....  * RAINBOW ROLL ($??) - 4 STARS: The rainbow roll was good, better than your standard rainbow roll (ahem We Be Sushi). It comes with 8 pieces and is decently portioned compared to most other Japanese restaurants in the city (ahem Saru, Ichi....). But again, it wasn't particularly mindblowing. To me a good rainbow roll is large, has fresh fish, and delicious sauces on top. It was good but nothing to return for.  * SAKE FLUKE ($??) - 5 STARS: This was a 5-piece roll, a concoction of radish, avocado, salmon sashimi and several items I can't remember, topped with unagi sauce. One of the favorites of the night.   Overall Akiko's was good, an upscale sushi restaurant with fresh fish and tops other famous Japanese sushi spots in the city. Perhaps the thing to get is the Omakase (ranges $99-110). While I enjoyed my experience here, I don't think the value was there. I still prefer Wayo for something more traditional.  

                I was looking for a place to get sushi for lunch, and Akiko's was recommended at the salon I was at. It was a bit hard to find with so much construction around, but I didn't give up! And I am glad I didn't.   It was busy during the lunch rush, but since I was on my own I was seated pretty quickly. I had the spicy tuna roll and green iced tea - both were good, and I was so happy to have sushi again.  Fun find!  

                1) Reservations are a must here 2) Omakase is the best way to go 3) The Plum Sake is a great dessert sake to end your meal  Best sushi meal I ever had!   15 dishes of the best fish you ever had. Each plate is put together so intricately to give you a foodgasm in every bite. The fish is very fresh despite having traveled from NZ, Tokyo, Hawaii, etc. This is probably the closest thing to the documentary "Jiro Dreams of Sushi". Highly recommended for my sushi snobs! It is expensive, but worth it for those that truly "live to eat".  Note; This place is somewhat hidden. It is a corner restaurant next to the pub.  

                Ate here the other day and was very disappointed! After waiting and waiting and finally getting a reservation at the very busy Akiko's, my boyfriend and I were so excited to go for dinner with our friend to celebrate his promotion!  We got Omakase which was NOT traditional at all. We were seated at a table, not the sushi bar and we repeatedly saw the sushi chefs finish our nigiri but the wait staff leave it on the counter for 10 minutes or more. The service was very, very slow and inattentive. We were there for 2 hours!  The fish, while fresh and seemingly good quality, was poorly prepared and the sushi was bland. It was prepared not by one chef, but assembly line style by multiple people. I've never seen sushi prepared this way. It felt impersonal and cheap. And as I said, the sushi sat around for a while before reaching us, so the temperature of most of the pieces was off.  We left Akiko's feeling cheated and worst of all, $350 later, we left still hungry.  

                Make sure you come to Akiko's Restaurant, NOT Akiko's Sushi Bar (auto result for "Akiko's" on Google Maps). You should make a reservation; they aren't always able to accommodate walk-ins or have long wait times (over 1 hour).   Akiko's is on SF Chronicle's Top 100 Restaurants, so you know that this is some quality food. The menu looks like a standard Americanized Japanese restaurant (specialty rolls, nigiri, set dinners, etc), but the individual items tend to be more tapas-sized.   - Negi Toro (MP, $15 that night): 5 pieces, with tuna belly/toro, scallion, pickled daikon, sesame. This is the best toro I've had; the fish is so tender and melts in your mouth. The additional flavors complement the fish without overpowering.  - Negihama ($10): 5 pieces, with yellowtail, scallion, shiso, sesame. Yellow tail is my go-to sashimi option because it's hard to mess up an inherently high quality fish. Akiko's does no wrong with this roll.  - Beef Nakimono ($13): We ordered the Hamachi Kama, but they had run out for the night (it was only 7PM!), so the waiter suggested we get the beef instead. The Niman Ranch beef is cooked medium and arranged in a tetris-fashion with Japanese pumpkin and carrots. I usually do not enjoy teriyaki-ed meat, but I was impressed by the beef quality. We ordered this after finishing our rolls and it took 20 minutes to come out, so order up front to avoid the wait.  I shared these three dishes with my friend, and we both felt that it was a light dinner. We probably should have ordered 2 more dishes to eat our fill, so I would probably tip Akiko's to a $$$ restaurant, rather than $$. The quality is worth the price tag, especially on the fish.  

                Great ambiance, good service, decent sushi, overpriced.  We had the omakase (nigiri only) and it was OK. I didn't find the fish particularly fresh, and the rice was really dry.   It's a great place for a date though and the waiters were attentive. Not sure I would go back though. Food quality is just too important to me for that price.  

                Akiko's knows tuna.  At the Fallfest event yesterday (a food+wine event benefiting Meals on Wheels SF) I ate food from Akiko's for the first time. They served a chopped tuna belly marinated in 2-year-old, aged soy sauce that was soaking in applewood...what???? Yup, 2-year old soy sauce as a marinade. This makes the soy sauce not so salty and the flavor of the marinade really enhances the tuna. The fish sits atop a soft roll of sushi rice.  Outstanding! really really fantastic.  There was also a second bite of slice raw tuna which was silken and also wonderful. If I go out in the near future which, of course I will (!), and I'm in the mood for tuna; I'm going to make a bee-line for Akiko's Restaurant.  

                We were visiting SF for the weekend and want to start off with a good Japanese meal. We found great review on Yelp and decide to dine here.   Without reservation on Friday noon, we had to wait for ~40 minutes but the hostess was friendly and helpful. The restaurant texted when the seat was ready.   We both ordered Chirashi which is not on the lunch menu($30). The selection of fish were plain and the rice were mediocre. Overall, the quality is fair but I definitely had better at the price range.   p.s: We love sushi and had sushi at Tokyo, New York and LA multiple times in past couple years. Akiko was not memorable.  

                I rarely give 5 stars but this place commands 5 big ones.  Dining here was hands down the best sushi experience I've ever had in my life. The omokase price is $80-100 depending on what you're served (it will be itemized on your receipt). They say you'll need at least 2 hours there for the omokase experience but that's only when it's really busy like 5+ people ordering at the same time. From the time we arrived at 6PM, we finished everything by 7:30PM.  Anyway, back to the important issue, is this price worth it? Absolutely. If you're going to throw down $100 on dinner for one person, this is well worth it, especially if you're a sushi lover and you want to experience one of the best sushi meals. I haven't been to Jiro Ono's restaurant in Japan, but I bet this place will make you want to go just to know in your heart you've tried some of the best sushi ever.  The omokase consists of an appetizer, 6 pieces sashimi and 10 pieces nigiri. I don't know the exact naming of everything I ate, but here is the list from my receipt and I also posted the pictures of my meal on Yelp.   1) Ohitashi 2) Sunomono Octopus 3) Umimasu 4) Hamachi 5) Shiromaguro 6) Shiroebi 7) Uni 8) Kanpachi 9) Tai 10) Katsuo 11) Kamasu 12) Kinmedai 13) Aka Mutsu 14) Hara Sake 15) Kuro Maguro  Make sure you make a reservation because I don't even think they take walk-ins. Also, parking is almost impossible in this downtown area so take public transportation and plan accordingly. Service was excellent, the servers were knowledgable and my water glass was never empty. You will be 100% satisfied with your meal here if you are one to appreciate delicious/fresh fish.  

                Before I start this review, let me say that I'm a harsh critic when it comes to sushi. i've eaten my fair share so I'm just a little bit more picky when it comes to fish. You can say that the bar has been raised and Akiko...well they definitely jumped, but they slammed themselves right against the bar. I came here with two of my friends and you probably already know how we do. OMAKASE SON!  (actually we never intended on getting that, but right when we got there we were like...dang it. YOLO)  Atmosphere: This place was poppin. It has two rooms in which one where you can sit near the bar and the other which is in the back that looks like some James Bond movie where you are chased down an alley way with hooligans about to shoot you in the face. But the ambience here was nice and I was definitely digging the decor. They get 4/5 from me on the layout of the room.  Food: What can I say? Service was great, the chef himself was awesome (he even reminded me of a samurai warrior the way he maneuvered his knife around), and the timeliness of getting our fish served was great! I really enjoyed the spread of the food, however the one thing I will say is that certain pieces tasted a lot better than others. It wasn't that it was bad or anything, it just wasn't the best out of the best. I think a better way to put it was that the quality consistency of each fish was just not there. We ended up eating about 12-15 pieces I would say and I definitely enjoyed it. I would highly recommend getting the Japanese Uni over the Santa Barbra. Not that I tried it, but the Japanese one was just so on point that it was amazinggggg. It also came in a wooden spoon. Hipster shit. That's all I gotta say and it definitely gives a +5 to the taste. Oh apparently there was a beef wagyu that looked really yummy that I didn't eat. It had some truffles stuff on it. Get it.  Price: Price is consistent on what you see from San Francisco. It's most definitely more expensive than Seattle. Seriously it is. Just don't think about it when you eat it. It's all part of the experience and if you wanna eat Omakase...well you gotta pay to play or you're not even in the game.  Overall this place was cool. I really enjoyed the ambience, but I've definitely had better and there are better places in SF for Omakase. I just wasn't completely satisfied by the time I left the place. Is that weird? Nahhhh.  

                Some of the freshest sushi I've had. Well seasoned and unique in flavor. I ordered a rainbow roll and miso soup. Delish!   Side note, the bathrooms were spotless and the restaurant had great ambiance. Easy to miss when walking by though as the restaurant is unmarked, but I personally thought this added to the "cool" factor.  

                This place was a bit hard to find as there is no signage. It's located a block down from the Chinatown Gate on the corner (next to the alley) where the sign for the Irish Bank is located. Since it is downtown, there's only street metered parking or paid parking garages. The restaurant is tiny with only a few tables and bar seating. For dinner, walk-ins that night were all turned away. So get reservations, and get them early! We went on a Thursday night and all the reservations were taken except the one I managed to grab early that morning.  We came here to celebrate my friend's birthday a little late since we weren't able to see her on her actual birthday. She wanted sushi and this restaurant is easily BART-able as it's about 2 blocks from the Montgomery Station.  ~~ Our Order ~~ Edamame: $3 Agedashi Tofu: ($9) Fried House-made Silken Tofu, Roe, Dashi Nigiri Tasting: ($23) 6 pcs Rainbow: ($14) Fresh Crab, Selection of Fish, Avocado, Cucumber, Tare Beef Teriyaki: ($13) Cubed Niman Ranch N. Y. Strip in Teriyaki served w/ a bowl of rice Tekka Maki: ($12) Tuna, Scallion, Avocado, Crispy Shiso, Pickled Carrot, Sesame Mebachi Maguro: ($9) Big Eye Tuna nigiri Sake Maki: ($10) Fresh Salmon, Avocado, Scallion, Yuzu Jalapeno, Tare, Toasted Sesame Okuden Kantsukuri: ($10) Mirror of Truth Shizengou: ($11) Rich, Deep Aromas & flavors of Hazelnut, White Pepper & Mushroom  Portions are small but of high quality, so I wouldn't really come here starving unless you don't mind spending a lot of $$. When we were first seated, we were asked for drink orders and if we would like edamame while we waited for another friend to join us. Take note, the edamame is not complimentary. We weren't told this unfortunately and I find it odd that such a high caliber place would charge for it. For sake, get the Shizengou if it's available (it tends to sell out).  I'm not a fan of sake because of the strong alcoholic burn afterwards but this one is so smooth! We didn't taste the hazelnut though which was why we ordered it in the first place. Initially our waiter had told us that it was sold out but he somehow was able to find some for us. It wasn't a full glass but at least we were able to taste it and we were so glad that he did! Definitely will order again next time. We had ordered the Okuden Kantsukuri since the Shizengou was out as suggested by our waiter. It was good but definitely not as good as the Shizengou.  For appetizers, we ordered the agedashi tofu. I liked the broth for the agedashi tofu, but personally, I prefer slightly more firm tofu. For an entree, I had ordered the Nigiri Tasting and felt that the fish was a bit on the warm side, so I was a bit concerned. However, the texture of each of the fish was so buttery soft! It was so good! The favorite roll of the evening was surprisingly the Tekka Maki because of the slight crunch from the crispy shiso. One of my friends just ordered it randomly too. The rainbow roll was good, especially with the fresh crab. The birthday girl loved her Mebachi Maguro. The meal definitely satisfied her sushi craving.  Service was very attentive, prompt and courteous. Dishes were quickly cleared away and water/tea were consistently filled.  Great place to go for a quiet date night or for a celebration. Highly recommend!  

                My wife and I use to frequent Sushi Joints quite often when we first started dating.  Then after the birth of our son, it just seemed harder to go to places that are more intimate like most sushi places.  SO for my birthday, she surprised me with dinner at Akiko's!  We decided to go with the omakase.  I told her that places in Japan generally don't let you chose omakase when not at the bar, but in this case it worked to our advantage.  Omakase (December 2014) -Agedashi Tofu: This was super subtle but super good.  Whatever he put in the ponzu was amazing.  There were subtle hints of spiciness on top of the flavor which was very pleasant! -Salad: I thought this was only so-so, but my wife loved it.  There was a green there that had a very fresh-herb taste but also had a slight bitter aftertaste. -Hotate: The scallop wasn't super fresh.  This is normally one of my wife's favorites but she didn't enjoy it either. It had the sweet initial taste of a quality hotate but the after taste was a bit fishy I'm afraid. -Shiroebi: Kind of the same problem as the Hotate.  The initial flavor of the shrimp was sweet and the texture was there, but it had a fishy after taste. -Kuromauguro (toro) Probably one of the worst toro I've had.  The fish was a pale pink.  The texture was sandy/grainy and the pieces we had, had that hard/stringy peice that I hate with sushi.  At this point, my wife  was pretty upset.  Out rare night out and we didn't like anything except the tofu so far???  Then the turning point was 1/2 way through the service.  The server (who seemed like either a head server/host/part owner).  Whoever he was he started talking to us and letting us know about the fish coming out.  instead of just the name.  this was when the freshness of the fish jumped up a few notches.  Kinki:amazing.  Great flavor.  Sweet and rich.  Amazing texture. Kenpachi: Was good.  Par for the course.  Good flavor and fresh. Umimasu: The trout had a great texture and was also fresh! Kamasu:Barracuda-I've only had it two other times.  Once in San Diego and the other in Austin TX.  This one was up there with the both of them.  Such a good flavor!   Shiromaguro: Again, par for the course.  I love white tuna and this was fine. Kinmedai: Okay, now were talking!  This was incredible!!!!  The reddish skin seemed to be slightly seared because it had a different texture.  And the smokey flavors!  The oils.  The texture.  The after taste!  I was in sushi heaven! Sawara: I've always been a fan of the mackerel.  It's just hard to prepare well when it has so many bones and the texture isn't the best, but this Spanish Mackerel was OFF THE HOOK! Madai: This snapper was also filled with natural oils and an amazing smokey flavor.  Such an amazing taste!  The final trio plate is the only reason why I would say Akiko is one of the top sushi joints in the City!  The night started off really shaky.  The place is super stuffy and maybe I'm spoiled but during omakase, I'm use to getting some 411 dropped on me, not just the names of the fish.  Ray (I think was his name) was awesome.  He gave us attention, he dropped knowledge.  Was super friendly.  And the last 5 on the list above were AMAZING!  Totally made up for the horrendous first half of the meal service.  My advice: Don't order the omakase and order off the special/seasonal menu.  Don't go for the normal nigiri you see everywhere else.  If you go this route, this will be an amazing night out.  Will go back again!!  2.5stars for the omakase and stuffy atmosphere.  4.5stars for the special nigiri and Ray (I hope that's his name. Dude was awesome).  Avg=3.5stars  

                Probably the best Japanese restaurant I've been to. They serve the freshest sushi it's a party in your mouth. I can't remember much of the names of what we ate because it's all in Japanese, but I remember everything being so fresh and delicious. Ask your server what's fresh that day, and what he recommends and get that! It's really high quality and you'll taste the difference.   My favorite is the uni with ankimo shavings on top. My top tip would be to ask your server what's fresh today.   Also, good service in terms of attentiveness. However, you'll have to wait a while for York food, about 30 minutes. But the wait can't even persuade me to take off a star.  

                Great sushi here.  Had some nigiri (seared salmon belly, fatty tuna) - awesome.  Also had the lunch set with the tonkatsu, which was also great.  Highly recommend.  

                accessible to many types of eaters, filled with a variety of clientele, and seems a bit polarizing based on reading other's comments.  I had a nice rapid experience at the bar during a busy time.  certainly their variety of sourced product is impressive, and brushed soy places like this are preferred.  here they use red vinegar with the rice, which gives it that browner color.  the vinegar level was good, slightly drier rice but matches well with the slightly overused blow torch.  almost every nigiri is dressed -- ginger, shiso, zest, lemon, yuzu, miso, etc.  makes me think of Sushi Sam's.  I could do with less of the extras.  also if I were being very critical, then there were occasions where the knife work wasn't perfect and the placement needed work like the ice fish with a large gap from the rice and seaweed wrapper.  guided omakase selection: Hara Sake -- seared salmon belly Shiro Maguro Toro -- torched Kegani -- awesome Nama Hotate Tenjyou Buri -- wild mature Madai Kamasu -- a bit over dressed Ice Fish+Tako Tairagi Gai Kohada Hokkaido Uni -- never fails to impress Anago Aka Mutsu -- quite awesome white toro-like, fatty but more textural play to try all the overseas fish would take a very large appetite.  pricing for the less common items is slightly higher but the product is solid.  

                This is for their lunch review only.    I was very excited to find a seemingly high quality sushi restaurant that opens for lunch.  However, I was sorely disappointed.      Two order of chirashi ($30/each), a toro nigiri, and mochi dessert cost close to $100 for lunch! The chirashi came in a large bowl but rather small portion.  Variety of fish they gave you consisted of the typical salmon, tuna, white fish, eggs, yellow tail, and octopus.  If only they would give you some higher quality and variety of fish, their price is so steep for what they offer you, I simply cannot recommend this place for lunch.    Perhaps their dinner is better but don't bother coming here for lunch.  For $50/pp, you can get much better lunch else where.  

                had the omakase, which was delightful.  but if i just had one tip:  order the AKAMUTSU .. best bite of sushi i've ever had.. easily topping toro, hamachi, and other types of fatty fish  

                The best ever I've had: King Salmon and Amber Jack. F'ing amazing. Will come back. New fav sushi in SF. PS- three kinds of Uni. Who does that? Uni tasted like candy just melts in your mouth. Great sake selection too!  

                We had a wonderful experience last night at Akiko's! The nigiri were perfect, I loved the Tonkatsu, the fish is incredibly fresh, and there's a wide variety of options to choose from - most coming straight from Japan.  We asked for a recommendation on the sake, and were not disappointed!  We wouldn't recommend the Passion Fruit Saketini however.  

                Great food! Salmon Nigiri, Albacore Tuna sashimi and Mango Mochi were my favs.  The place doesn't have any sign  :)  

                My newbie yelp elite friend recommended that we eat here.... strangely we had an overall underwhelming meal.  There was something off about the sushi that day and it was a bit overpriced to be honest.  Ok let me back up... first of all the restaurant is difficult to find because there is no sign outside and it is very small.    We did not order much food to be honest; just enough.  Spider Roll (see pic) - this was recommended by our server who strangely didn't really know exactly what to recommend to us LOL.  Tekka - was pretty good but the portion was a bit small and flavors were not bold.  They don't do the whole crazy sauce thing here like you might find at the more Americanized sushi places in the South Bay but definitely cleaner more subtle roll setups.    The SAKE which was $10 had some pretty fresh tasting salmon which for sure was one of the better dishes out of everything we had.  Overall the service was very good, and it is NOT the worst sushi I've ever had.  I've had some really bad sushi in the south bay.  Shoot, I had worst sushi last weekend in SF.  I'll review the place soon enough, I don't even remember the name of it.   The ambiance of the place is nice and they play kinda cool music... we got stuck strangely in a claustrophobic spot in front by the window which I guess is more desirable location in SF....? not really sure haha.  Anyhow the highlight of the night was that Mike Epps was filming a movie outside the restaurant in the alley way which we had a clear view of right from our table, hehe.  I have pics of it.    We later realized that we could have gotten a much more satisfying meal elsewhere for less money.  I joked around about it, but I think my friend took it a little more seriously than me haha.  I'm not a big fan of sushi unless its during the summer.  And for me it's often a question of how fresh the fish is.  If the ingredients in the roll aren't fresh, I try to stay away.  If the fish isn't good quality I'm never coming back.  If there are truly better sushi options around Nob Hill or Union Sq., I am yet to find it.  

                It's impossible for me to take a trip to San Francisco without trying to find some good sushi. This place looked like it could be good, so I gave it a shot.  This place does not have a sign on the outside. I showed up to the approximate location it should have been on the map, looked inside the building, and saw a sushi bar. It turned out to be the correct one.  I sat down, and just asked the chef to make me 8-10 pieces of sushi. As far as I'm concerned, you can't tell how good a sushi place is unless you have omakase.   I'm not entirely certain what everything I had was, but here are a few of the selections that stood out: baby barracuda - this cured fish had a light, but distinct, flavor, not as briny as more common cured fish like mackerel. scallops - fresh and delicious. Not hard to find scallops, but when they're done right, it's a treat. Russian uni - I'm not sure where they got this, but it seems like it's not quite as sweet as its West Coast counterpart. Toro hand roll - I requested this one; very well done, with pieces of pickled radish to augment the flavor. kinki - AKA shortspine thornyhead aka idiot fish. Turns out this little guy is endangered! Mark that one off the list...  This wasn't all; it's just what I recall off the top of my head. I also had tamago made with a chicken stock that made it some of the most distinct, and tasty, tamago I have tasted.   Besides offering a whole slew of interesting fish, the chef just did it right. The rice was the right temperature, the fish was perfectly garnished, and it was just one of the best flavor rides I have enjoyed.  As far as price is concerned, you can always expect to spend north of $100 on a meal like this, but considering the quality, it really wasn't too far north. The other places I have been in SF (Sakana and Sanraku) were both good, but I think Akiko's is the first place I have found in SF that I'd consider a top 5 sushi experience.  

                A bit confusing finding the place as no signage outside, but very small and cozy inside.  I was dining by myself as in SF for work/conference.  Got seated at the sushi bar.  Two other single guys on my left and three women together on my right.  I made reservations, but Tuesday at 8pm, probably didn't need to do so.  I'm presuming at other times this place can get jammed.  Both sushi chefs were very friendly and talkative.  I always like that.  Later the women left, and two more single guys on my right.  I guess that's par for Tuesday evening after 8pm downtown...  Got a Japanese ale (name escapes me) ... very hoppy for an ale, but not bad.  I started off with sashimi 12-piece sampler...very good.  Very fresh.  Then got a spicy tuna roll and spider rolls...always my favorites, and their spicy tuna was very well done.  Highly recommended.  Spider rolls were only OK.  As I was still hungry (I'm still growing ... as they say.. sideways), ordered the salmon teriyaki ... came with 4 nigiri, miso soup, and rice.  The teriyaki was done perfectly ... nice and crispy, without too much sauce.  Perfect.  Bravo.  Miso soup was also very good.  I now felt too full .... I guess never a happy medium.  Anyway, I'd highly recommend this place.  Service was very attentive and excellent.  I'll also address the amount of food for the cost that other posters noted ... I'd say that if cost/sushi is what you're looking for or volume of food, don't go here unless you're willing to spend a bit as the sashimi can get pricy (lots of offerings from Japanese waters)... go to Japantown or elsewhere.  For a place within walking distance of Union Sq ... very good.  

                My boyfriend and I had dinner here two weeks ago and it was the best sushi meal we've ever had! We both did omakase and while it was pricey, it was worth every cent. We have been blessed (or cursed, depending on how you see it) with really big appetites so our omakase meal ended being something like 24 courses. And oh my lord, it was good.  We started off with a sashimi trio, followed by endless rounds of nigiri. Each plating was beautiful and delicious. I'm a big fan of the sushi chef seasoning for you instead of dunking it in wasabi and soy sauce yourself. Everything was perfectly balanced, and I could still taste the different, delicate flavors of each piece of fish. My favorites were the scallops, Hokkaido uni, Russian uni, crab, salmon roe, wagyu, mackerel, and basically everything else we had. It was all perfect.  We sat at the sushi bar, which is my favorite because we chatted with the chef and he selected some pieces for us based on what we said we liked. We also chatted with some of the other patrons and the overall atmosphere at the sushi bar is very friendly. It's definitely the way to go.  

                First things first, if you drive past Akiko's, you WILL miss it. If you walk past Akiko's, most likely you WILL miss it again. It has a very small entrance and is right next to an alley and under some "Irish Beer" signage, which will make you think it's an Irish bar but it's not, its Akiko's. Long story short, there is no sign that calls out the name, so you are looking for the 431 number.  People who know me know that I rarely go to the city without reservations, Akiko's was no exception. I'm glad I made a reservation since I saw some people were turned down and they had to walk away (which serves them right, because they were thinking about taking our reservation :p, I hope they were happy with the whole foods sushi they got later).  Akiko's is a very small establishment I must say, but it's very comfy. We asked the market price on Omakase that day and the server told us its $70-80 per person, I wasn't in a mood to spend that kind of money that night, so we went for a la carte. The hamachi kama at Akiko's is the best Hamachi kama I have ever had. The Hamachi was beyond fresh, you literally had to place it in your mouth and it would pretty much slide itself down your throat. The skin was nice and crispy. I would be dreaming of this Hamachi kama on a murky day. We also got the 6 piece nigiri tasting which was also very very fresh. The unagi, I must admit is not the best unagi, and you probably could do without. We decided to get two rolls, since we were very hungry and needed some heavy rice love but going forward I would be sticking to nigiri/sashimi. A place so good cannot be wasted on Americanized rolls. For the nigiri, hamach kama, two miso soups, unagi and two rolls, it cost us $67 before the tip. Next time, Omakase for me all the way!!  

                Ok the sushi is very good.     And the location is just a few blocks off union square.    Know that the place is TINY ie tokyo style light woods w a few tables looking at the sushi chef.     The fish I'd fresh and delicious.     And service is very kind.     Thank you YELP for suggesting.  

                Located in an Irish Bank? Came here to try the omakase due to the reviews.   Service - 4 stars - staff was attentive, refilled our drinks and took our dishes away consistently.  It helps that we sat at the bar, next to the kitchen.  Food - 4 stars - sushi was above ave quality.  We were served 15 different dishes.  Fish was fresh, but felt certain dishes were underwhelming.  Although, i would say about half of the dishes were amazing.  Presentation was great, as the chef was very detailed. Soy sauce is tastey, although I dont use much of it when eating high quality sushi.  Value - 3 stars - although the quality of the sushi here is higher quality than most sushi restaurants, the value isn't.  I've spent 2/3rds less for comparable omakase quality back in orange county. The price of omakase here is based on what the chef adds during the meal, so you wont know the final bill until you open the little black book at the end.  All the other places I've been to have set prices for omakase.  Be prepared to spend here.    Atmosphere - 4 stars - place is nice and clean. There is a japanese/ lounge feel to this place.  There is a modern feel, with artsy sushi plates instead of just wooden blocks.  

                Dear Akiko,   I gave you a chance by going out of our usual spot at Zushi Puzzle on my lovely bf's birthday. I even cancelled the sushi bar reservation at Zushi just because a friend recommended you to me. I asked you for 2 things: please beat Zushi Puzzle omakase, impress me! (in writing) and asked for a little something small with a candle for his birthday on the phone. And you said yes! Guess what? You failed both miserably  In details: The food was good but not exceptional. It was much more expensive compared to the other $$$ sushi place... surprisingly when you only have $$ sign on Yelp. Or maybe you think it's okay to put whichever price on for omakase. I was honestly so upset that there was not even a little mochi ice cream with the candle at the end when the bill came out to be over $400 that all the little good things you present over the omakase meal was technically gone. And I couldn't ask for it since it would just be an awkward situation. Even at Zushi Puzzle, a strange guest who pays that much would at least have a spoon of strawberry sorbet just so you know, Akiko!  So 1 star for your waiter and another for your food!   Your sincerely!  

                This is a short and quick review to provide my 4 star rating.  Decor: nice and modern.   Staff: fun and friendly   Food: a very nice menu selection. Quality of food was very good. No complaints. The Wagyu beef with shaved truffle was delicious and my most memorable dish there  Service: quick and on point  Get Reservations..come early. We were the first customers when they opened...sat sushi bar as always...ordered everything my stomach and eyes wanted at the time.  Overall, no complaints. Akiko serves good food with a friendly smile. But for me, it was missing something...maybe a down to earth and not so swanky vibe? Iono...something...for some reason i can't really put a finger on it. I just know that I don't really care to come back. I came, I saw, I ate, and it was cool. My typical re.visits in the bay are ichi, sushi ran & sushi sams...I think of themmmm when my mouth craves for sushi... :) Akiko is just not in my thoughts.  I do recommend this place though as I am confident they will not disappoint  

                So happy about my meal here. Came after work around 6pm and there was ok wait for two people. We ordered cucumber salad, agendashi tofu, salmon and Australian trout sashimi, scallops, monk fish liver and sea urchin nigiri and lastly mackerel grilled fish. Everything was super delicious. I could probably do without the agedashi tofu and the grilled fish (was pretty dry). It is also a bit hard to locate the place as they don't really have any sings outside. You may mistakenly  recognize it as an Irish bar, there is a giant sign that points to an alley with the Irish bar right over where akiko is residing.   Anyway I would highly recommend and may the feasting odds be ever in your favor ;)  

                The food was good but the service was quite slow. Too slow.  

                Had the omakase. It was almost all nigiri. Highest quality fish I have ever had.  Sat at the bar. Service was great. Sushi chefs were great company. Total bill came to 230 before tip for 2 people. We had about 14 pieces each.  Will def come again!  

                After duly booking 2 months in advance (this place was always full when we tried to go on the fly), my husband and I finally had an exquisite dinner at Akiko.  The ambiance is a mix of modern and Japanese, with wood everywhere and very nice finishing. It puts you at ease as soon as you walk in: you're going to have an intimate atmosphere and privacy throughout the meal.  We ordered the sashimi tasting menu, edamames and the egg roll, with a bottle of nigori sake. We were very satisfied with all of it. The sashimi tasting was amazing - almost as good as what we had in the Tokyo harbour! It amply accommodates 2, with a side like edamames. We were a little disappointed by the egg roll though - the rolls were too big and not as delicious. My husband really enjoyed the sake (he's the connaisseur here). Overall, a very good meal.  The staff was courteous and not "all over us", which I really appreciate. I would definitely recommend it, but remember to book in advance!  

                One of my friends is quite the regular here so we get the Yakuza treatment when Im tagging along. Sit at the bar and go Omakase. I'd recommend that at any traditional old school sushi bar. However Akiko's is not completely that type of place. At the bar they may serve that tradition, where you sit, the way you eat, etc, but it ends there. They've got a good mix of tradition and modernity that is fitting of a San Francisco restaurant.   There are some places I go to when I want complete tradition. This is not it. The folks here understand said tradition but have put their own tasteful modern touches to the cuisine. I had way too many courses to remember them all but I think I've uploaded enough pics for you to figure it out. The hospitality, quality and taste are as good as any Edo influenced sushi place I've been to. If you love Japanese food, you owe it to yourself to get yourself to the bar and let them take care of you.  

                Is it the Battle of the Akiko's? I keep picturing the competing chefs in ninja outfits having a mano-a-mano kendo stick match, probably on Claude Lane, in front of indifferent French diners I assume. Do they truly compete or is it more like the Battle of the Network Stars where they throw nerf balls at each other in a bouncy house? One Akiko is a modest, tight-fitting sushi bar on the lower part of Nob Hill on Mason. The other is this place, which is sleek, posh and also tiny. Or maybe the other place is the other place. Oh I don't know except this one does produce some mighty fine sashimi, sushi and nigiri, the standard delectables from my homeland. This is definitely not the Akiko's I remember from a decade back. No no, that one was a lot more like the other Akiko's.  This one places a lot of focus on a beautifully immaculate presentation with exceeding freshness. For what was supposed to be a leisurely lunch with colleagues, I was blown away. We threw caution to the wind and let the chef perform his magic for us. It started with a polished, rustic-edged board upon which laid a half-dozen world-class trios of sashimi slices - Umimasu (Ocean Trout, $4.50), Hara Sake (Fresh Salmon, $6), Sunazuri (Yellowtail Belly, $6.60), Tenen Hirame (Fluke, $8.10), and Kodai (Red Snapper, $3.60), and Kuro Maguro (Pacific Bluefin Tuna, $9.60) (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1jchNtW&s=28ebebfdd58477d120170bb3184ea6a0943d2ef17a3f5d3a0551f54765825171" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1jchNtW</a>). Simple and ocean fresh, devoured by us in a matter of minutes like it was Chicken of the Sea which would be ironic since Charlie was a tuna, wasn't he?  Next came the sushi starting with the jewels in the crown rolled in nori - a pair of the mouth-popping Ikura (Wild Salmon Roe, $4) and a pair of the impossibly luscious Ankimo (Monkfish Liver, $4.25), which I've gotten to know intimately at the must-go Ino Sushi (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1jJbrrT&s=38fd71ebeb793f63ab4bfce0a76c489aa2f4e9abb887e12a663cce0b7b7de5f5" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1jJbrrT</a>). The nigiri followed with a couple of Kuro Maguro (Chutoro) (Fatty Tuna, $10) and a couple of Kamasu (Barracuda, $6), a nice discovery for me and a new favorite (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1lHwrea&s=c53f2fa091512b23d3153744c49d670877d2c5aa7b039654fb762481e6cc236b" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1lHwrea</a>). Arriving almost like a late-meal amuse bouche were two spoons of the Kan Kani (Crab, $5), perhaps the only slightly marginal taste of the bunch (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1jci6ow&s=c5173089b054582fd03fccfd59423a04a0d32ce7436e7ee8eb5fb07d165ecd8b" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1jci6ow</a>). But all was quickly forgiven at the end with the pair of Kuro Maguro (Otoro) (Tuna Belly, $12.50) (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1gVvG5F&s=ffc46cf2e8c56d049f536fce56ccc37d5924238a8bc1f354420216032dd6355c" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1gVvG5F</a>) and the pair of Managatsuo (Japanese Butterfish, $7.50) with dabs of liver on top (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1lHwyGK&s=9ae5f57cada2366f8f886ee709207df922807b801ee53ade691be8481aa8eb8b" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1lHwyGK</a>).  We kept the libations to a minimum with a $13 glass of the Omachi Sake (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1nxND8G&s=099d3df011166ff1f71d6c2208573b52f0dc2bc2e951736f32a03ce1c84c6276" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1nxND8G</a>). Yes, it was quite steep for such a small amount, but it has a subtle flavor infused with rice, herbs and anise that made for a smooth ride down the gullet. The check did give us an audible gasp, a total of $116 for the three of us, and as you can see from the price tags above, we are talking about fish that run quite  cost range. I assume the Fatty Tuna came in chauffeur-driven fish tanks. Alas, that is the price we pay for the quality. You can always go to the nearest sushi boat operation or maybe some franchise like Sushi-R-Us if you are balking at our bill. But if you treat yourself on those rare occasions and you're not in J-Town, then come here. But for Akiko's sake, make a reservation in advance. Drop-bys are near-impossible. Or go to the other Akiko's if you're that desperate.  FOOD - 5 stars...world-class fish even if it is a lot of do-re-mi (...that's Japanese for "I lost my wallet") AMBIANCE - 4.5 stars...small place but if you can get a table, you're in like bluefin (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1jB8eJB&s=643d2148597a05dbdd18604a44c5b4d9186665c16e4c1a2a83e64daf2ec699a2" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1jB8eJB</a>) SERVICE - 4.5 stars...very kind and serviceable wait staff TOTAL - 5 stars...best sushi in the FiDi...but make sure you're at the right Akiko's when you make that reservation  

                This hard-to-find spot definitely deserves all the hype it gets.  You can't go wrong with omakase here.  The uni and scallop nigiri were my favorite.  It's a very small restaurant so make reservations at least 2 weeks in advance.  Also, prepare to shell out at least $60 per person for an authentic and fresh sushi.  This is definitely one of the best sushi spots in SF.  

                Had reservations and was seated promptly at the reserved time. Great service. Zero complaints with the hostess and the waiter I had.  Food wise. Omakase was amazing.   Most notably: The uni was out of this world and that A5 wagyu was the bomb diggityyyy!! Uni was fresh and had a huge burst of flavor. The wagyu was buttery and melts in your mouthhhhh. Amazing.  

                I'm so happy that I get to dine in at this restaurant without making a reservation! My boyfriend and I just randomly decided to walk into this restaurant without any hesitation.   Right when we walked in the restaurant, the hostess said "you must make a reservation in order to dine here, but there is someone that just called and cancel their reservation. (Maybe it's meant to be.. or a sign. Idk, feeling pretty lucky tho)  The atmosphere was dim, elegant, and romantic. The sashimi and unagi was so huge and fresh! Other than that, you must the Wagyu beef! It's a must!  

                Definitely worth the $$$ come for the fresh fish, skip the traditional rolls.. we had Toro, butter fish, yellow tail belly, uni, A5 wagyu beef...reservations only...  

                A very nice Japanese sushi located near chinatown and downtown. I saw the really good yelp reviews so I decided to come here. I think that it is a little overpriced for my taste, but the quality of the fish and the rolls make it worth it. The california rolls were made from real crab. But since I'm not a sushi expert, I didn't think this was super outstanding.  Pro: + very nice interior + excellent service + fresh cuts of fish + presentation was gorgeous  Con: - small servings, only about 5-6 pieces per roll (I had to order 3 rolls, with each roll around 7 or 8 dollars) -beef teriyaki was a little hard  Tips +make reservations!  

                You know you are in an authentic Japanese  restaurant when you are surrounded by WIERD people. We are sandwiched between 2 utterly awkward first date couples. The fat japanese guy on the right somehow lands a pretty date,  but is running on fumes trying to maintain a conversation. I dont speak full Japanese but a staring contest reads awkward in any language. He reminds me of the classic japanese TV series, 101th proposal.   The guy on my right is the polar opposite. He is rapping out his glorious life story to the (quite interested) girl across the table, voice cracking now and then with excitement. When he laugh,  he's would clap and have face banged on the table,  and make exaggerated pose. The girl would giggle with "oh you are so funny".... Before our dinner is served, we've already learned about his CEO mom and professor dad... mmmmKay.  Oh, the food? It was DELICIOUS.   Update, to our right was actually a girl and her gay friend, what a twist to the story!  

                Great service, great authentic quality food, made my reservation online and beat the crowds  

                First time here. I feel like an idiot. Of all the sushi experiences I've had over the last 25 years, this was the best. List all the things a sushi lunatic is looking for, selection, quality, presentation, ambience.....  I could go on and on. I'm a snob, very very picky. Don't want giant rolls. Want extraordinary fish prepared extraordinarily. This. Is. It. I've been to Zushi Puzzle. Love it. Ozumo. Love it. Koo. . Ebisu. O-Toro. I've been to Nobu in four cities.   This is what you want, if you're like me. Couldn't give it 6 stars, or I would. Best sushi I've ever had. I'll post pics next time. Not that they're needed.  BEST SUSHI I'VE EVER HAD!!  

                We had the omakase.  Uni and fish liver were the highlights.  The rest of the sushi was great too.  

                I know the story of Akiko's restaurant and I ate there 8 yrs ago.  LAST NIGHT it was a MEMORABLE experience ! I am a trained chef in Japanese cuisine and I eat Sushi all over The Bay.  I tried 3 rolls and all three were amazing. The balance of flavors and the proportion was the closest to perfection. Until the last part of the bite went to my stomach, I could savor all the different elements. That is precious.  I tried two different Hotate and both amazing. The one from Okkaido made me feel back in Tokyo years ago.  California Uni excellent. Ikura had a very personal marinade.  A White Fish was over priced.  The 49rs blew my mind for the above mentioned reason = Best ever !!!  

                ive been to lots of super expansive japanese places。this is the best ever。always make reservations。  

                Overpriced...underwhelming....I should have known based on the "organic sake"...I run from all things organic....Bill just for me $140...I'm still hungry....I'm eat sashimi everyday...wasn't bad fish but overpriced by FAR!  Gotta pay that sf rent I guess..The ball is passed onto customer......enjoy....  

                The last few weekends have been all about sushi for us.  We have been to Koo in the Sunset 3 times, our No. 1 favorite sushi restaurant for years.  We love you Koo!  And then we went to the beautiful Wako, a new, small sushi place on Clement.  Last weekend we went to Kusakabe which is also new.   It is a kaiseki style restaurant that we just adored.  Elegant dining with a emphasis on great fish.  Then last night we returned to Akiko on Bush.  I have to say it was really a great night!  Before we got there I had decided to try at least 1 of their cooked dishes but then as we ate one incredible fish after another, I realized I was enjoying all the nigiri too much to stray.  We sat with Chef Geoff again and he thrilled us with his omakase!  LOL.  We started with amber jack and a succulent Hokkaido scallop.  It always best to start with really good fish and we did!  But it was at the 3rd bite where he had us.  It was a tasty bite of Japanese Blue snapper, aodai, with a salted cherry leaf.  It was really blue too!  LOL.  We loved it. And we loved how different it was.  My husband and I glanced at each other with the nod and we knew we were in for a great evening.  In fact much of what we had was so different.  Some were served cold, some were warm, all were put together with a twist.  Such interesting blends of flavors yet you could taste the so fresh fish.  Really gourmet sushi.  Maybe the best all night was their house cured Ikura cups.  Not only were they so dramatic looking they were genius.  I will be dreaming of them for weeks.  The so fresh ikura was salty with the eggs just popping in my mouth. They cure the eggs in concentrated dashi and truffles.  But then they smother the ikura in shaved frozen ankimo.  This piled high savory confection was so creamy rich yet so light; oddly it did not taste that cold.  They freeze the ankimo in a "super" freezer (one of only 2 in California) at 82 degrees below zero and then grate it into an airy pile.  You have to eat it before the ankimo starts to melt.  LOL This over the salty eggs was just perfection  Also a delight was a spoonful of Hokkaido crab mixed with miso butter and lightly seared.  So good.  We had 2 kinds of uni, the first Hokkaido little yellow tongues and then later Russian uni.  Both great and so mild.  After 16 pieces of nigiri, I cried UNCLE!  I could eat no more.  I was way too full and stayed like that till I went to bed. My husband on the other hand felt we should have had more!  LOL   We ended the night with a really big piece of A5 wagyu which was piled high with shaved truffles.  I think this is Akiko's signature finish.  And a perfect finish it is!  

                Great ambiance, courteous and helpful staff, take reservations.  We got the omakase and really loved the sashimi. However we also felt they seared too many of the other nigiri pieces. Don't get me wrong- everything we had was wonderful and there was no part of the omakase that I didn't like- we just preferred their lightly seasoned nigiri over their seared pieces. Their rice is also very unique and it just wasn't what we were looking for. Overall, they had an amazing selection of fish both from Japan and elsewhere and they pay attention to all the right details. I'd probably go back for their sashimi and more traditional nigiri, but don't think I'd splurge again for the omakase.  

                Sit @ bar, omakase is the way to go. Wow, fantastic. Couldn't get out for under $500, but worth every c-note.  Making reservations is a must. We saw 5+ parties being turned away at the door due to no rez.  

                The food is a definite five star but their attitude sometimes stink here.  For example, no restaurant sign??! How were we supposed to know to enter a door labeled Irish Bank?! Too good for signs, I suppose. I had to call and the hostess ran outside to wave us in. Golly. There was maybe one or two friendly faces the whole time we were there.  Anyway, small details like when one of the waiters were setting our table, he rudely picked up my phone and set it aside so he could situate the sauce bowl ever so perfectly by the side of my plate. What place have you been that they're allowed to touch your property without asking??? Unbelievable. And he kept coming back to adjust my sauce bowl whenever I moved it. Come on.  I was steaming already.  The other waiter and the busboy were quite friendly and the food was expertly crafted. However, when you piss off your patrons square off the bat, it's hard to not see red for the rest of the time.   I ordered everything I wanted to taste and it was masterful and divine. Expensive, yes, but the food is worth it. Just.... Up the service people.  

                I give a 3-star if it weren't because of the uncooked rice! I was blindsided by the good yelp ratings and their photos.... Our 6 piece Nigiri Sampler ($23) were tiny and the rice weren't even cooked thoroughly (crunchy in the center)! The fatty white tuna belly weren't fatty at all ($10), then the Hamachi belly was okay ($10). Turns out I like Akiko's Rainbow Roll ($14), it has a bit of citrus or plum sauce (can't distinct) and deep fried soft shell crab ($10 4 pieces) was fine as well.  

                Delicious. Great ambiance.  

                This is the most amazing sushi I have had in San Francisco!  Excellent! Some favorites: Golden Eye Tai.  Toro, Uni from Hokkaido and North of Hokkaido.  Everything.  Just ask for omakase.  Can't wait to come back for dinner.  Make a reservation!  

                A tad heavy-handed on the wasabi, but overall our omakase meal at sushi bar was wonderful until it was time to pay. Who knew that our gentle reminder for the check would trigger World War III between the staff? Although the argument was not directed at us, we were put in an extremely uncomfortable situation and sprinted out of there as soon as we finished paying.   I would love to return for another omakase experience but I'm just so scurred!!!!  

                Perfect! Ask for omakase and sit at the sushi bar! You wont regret! I am amazed with every dish. They're pricer though, since they're made of only the best things. I am just crazy for all of them, especially the uni with crab fat on top roll!  

                Best Omakase in town. Awesome variety of fish, with a fresh selection featuring the best of the season. Come here if you want the best.   Btw this place is not cheap. It's definitely $$$$. Look elsewhere for a cheap sushi place.  

                Akiko's really hidden in plain sight and the hardest place to find since they literally have no store sign. The best way to find it is to look for the building with a "Irish Bar" sign. That's where Akiko is and the sign is really misleading. The decor of this place is not really a Japanese restaurant either which makes it hard to guess what it is looking from the outside in. It's kind of a hip trendy looking place from the feeling it gives off.  == Food ==  Tonkatsu with rice. The tonkatsu was really really well done. Nicely crispy on the outside with very soft pork on the inside. The rice was not your average cheapo white rice either.  Tuna sashimi was really fresh and amazing. I can literally taste the freshness of it.  == Service ==  Service is really good. The place has a business dining luncheon like to it.  == Overall ==  Really expensive but the quality is definitely on par with the price. There's a lot of business people here, which makes me suspect they cater toward that crowd. This place is either a treat yourself or a great place to have a business lunch.  

                I work in FiDi and I tend to stay late at work. I always hear good things about this place and wanted to give it a try tonight.   "We don't do take-out." That was the response I got from the waitress. After giving me a mean look, she took the menu from my hands and walked away. Excellent first impression and you lose a customer forever.  

                I really love the atmosphere, very low key but a quite comfortable setting. The waiters are very nice as well.  Fish is superb here. We tried amaebi, scallop, uni, unagi, sweet fish, etc. All of them are fresh and the rice is in the right portion. Their yakimono beef is phenomenal, juicy and tender. A must try!  Would definitely want to come back for a third time! Tip: make reservation ahead!  

                Ah. Tried their Omakase and wasn't impressed at all. If I were a millionaire maybe I would be satisfied with their food at this price range, but I'm not and I personally don't think it was money well spent. Ended up being $100+/person and I left hungry.  

                Not only the best sushi in the Financial District, potentially the best sushi in the city. Bold statement? Yup, but it is exceptional.  The staff is friendly. You'll need some time (hopefully you booked more than an hour). The ambiance is nice. You'll need a reservation. The spicy scallop handroll and [variety] of Uni are amazing!  

                Sushi is special occasion. It should be. No one should eat that much fish consistently. It can lead to a myriad of health issues. When I go eat sushi, I go to the best I can. I spend the money to ensure the fish I get is from waters that are clean and handled by professionals. The advent of the All You Can Eat sushi factories and Sushi Boats spots have inundated us with mediocrity disguised as authentic. In the Bay Area, when I do sushi I go to Sushi Ran, Ebisu, Hanna Sushi, and Akikos. Let's focus on Akikos shall we?  So I'm going down the current reviews for Akikos. Solid reviews except this one from Lily T. Lily, you are an idiot. Anyone who compares Akikos fish to Bobo is a food noob. I take your review with a "whatevs" I have a sake bomb waiting for you at Ozumo.   Let's just let it all be known, Akikos is not the same without our brother Ricky representing. It's not worse it's not better. As far as Ricky is concerned, It's like when George Michael went solo from Wham. Good for him, but in the long run, was it? Who gets laid at a rest stop?  Good luck bro.   Akikos is Ray. He sources the fish, he does the R&D, and he pushes his boys to geek out on their craft. And boy what a craft. The rice cooker they use is some serious Kit Knight Rider stuff. The soy they glaze some of there fish with has been sonically emulsified to thicken and soften the flavor profile. Sous vide?  Check. Blast chiller?  Check. Boxes straight from japan to age there tuna?  WTF is that?  Aged tuna?  Damn straight. Check out the knives and chopsticks used by these guys. Oh my!  The rice is great. Individually distinct grains with just enough vinegar to hold your attention without making you stand up.  Toothsome and warmed above body temperature, it's how sushi rice should be.    I always do the omokase so I let the boys decide on what my mercury intake for the night will be. The fish is always good. Ray sources with an eye for unique and delicious product from Tskiji, local, and national waters. Only gripe is that I find them garnishing too many of there dishes with lemon.   Sake list is great. Have one of their little hotties choose for you. Pricey but again, special occasion. I can't read the the damn label so someone translate please. These guys always get me the right bottle cause they always talk to me bout what I like. They can communicate to me cause they all speak engrish.   See, that's what I love about Bay Area Japanese cuisine today. Communication. The chefs speak to you in English. The cult of the sushi nazis is dying out. From Ichi, to Ramen Shop, to Akikos, the next generation is speaking unbroken English and that's great. I can converse with the chef and it's no longer a mystery. It's just plain simple service. Without the R's and L's getting jacked up.   The call. Order as much Russian Uni you can get your hands on. Oh my beautiful little sea urchin. I prefer to call it ocean vagina. It's an acquired taste but damn I just wanna shove my face in it and come out looking like a glazed donut. Nuff said. Maybe TMI.  

                Expected so much more after the raving reviews but THE FISH IS NOT FRESH. We ordered the sashimi 12 piece tasting platter.    3 other rolls not worth mentioning. The first three pieces might have tasted good because I was starving.   If it was a blind taste test Id think I was tasting samples to a boba cafe. It was just Plain gooey.   Yellow tail: grass jelly Tuna : black boba  Salmon : popping boba  You get it.   Leave it to the Fi Di to overcharge for poor quality food once again!  One star for attentive staff.  

                Service was friendly and attentive, but who cares when the sushi is mediocre at best. 12 piece sashimi came with 3 piece big eye tuna, 3 piece salmon. And the cut was tiny triangular pieces. Definitely not worth the money. At this price point I expect way more. And better variety of fish in "taster" sashimi.  

