                Ambrosia seems to be everything you'd want in a really nice neighborhood restaurant, and nothing you don't. It's warm and inviting, and the food is fantastic. The service was excellent, too. Prices are quite reasonable, and most entrees are offered as full or half servings--and even the smaller portions seem very generous.   The evening I went there, I brought 10 people along to help celebrate my birthday--so I had a chance to check out lots of different dishes. Mark Lesley (owner) couldn't have been more cooperative--he offered us a space of our own and tolerated all our decorations and silliness with much good grace.   The menu is beautifully varied, with omnivorous and vegetarian dishes to suit every taste. Though I had imagined we'd be filling the table with salads and pizzas, everyone opted to order off the menu, because the dishes were just too tempting.   This was my first visit, and I was SO impressed. I can't wait to get back there.  

                The pizza here is exceptional, one of the most original and best in Marin County. But appreciate that other dishes are exceptional too. Tonight I had the Paella, a delicious combination of saffron rice, shrimp, mussels, chicken, sausage, really perfectly prepared.   I hungrily eyed the chicken piccata and veal piccata dishes going past. Generous portions that looked great. Also the beef short ribs looked mouth watering.   The ambience and service are tops, and the entire experience is first rate. I think you'll love your meal at Ambrosia!  

                Arrogant waitstaff, substandard cuisine for Marin county, and the worst owner/manager on the planet!  Our friends now refuse to patronize the newer establishment due to the aforementioned factors. If you believe for one moment the pizza is good then there is no hope! The owner fawns over his Kentfield Country Club fan base and if you're not included then you will suffer the consequences. Go elsewhere!  How this establishment has existed in fickle Marin is a mystery.  

                After reading not so good reviews we waited to try Ambrosia.    Pros: nice space, friendly staff, $5 draft beer Cons: the food, the price  We started with a roasted beet salad from the daily specials menu and it was delicious.  Then ordered basic Italian dishes of gnocchi and risotto which were sub par.  The menu is large so maybe we haven't sampled enough to judge but there are so many restaurants in our area that we can't imagine going back.  

                Good food, nice staff and a lively atmosphere on the busier nights. Their braised short ribs and chicken parmigiana are my favorites. They are often pretty busy so I recommend calling ahead to see if you need a reservation.  

                We've always liked Ambrosia, but it is light years ahead in this new location.  The bar is much larger than their old one and allows for plenty of space to drink or dine.  The interior is roomy and really pleasant.  And the food is just as good as it has always been -- well priced, excellent selections, and we love that there are so many wines available by the glass.  Great neighborhood place with plenty of happy people enjoying a night out -- it's one of our regulars!  

                Having recently moved to Kentfield, we were excited to see a new and great looking restaurant in the area. We unfortunately were reminded of the old adage "don't judge a book by its cover.   The pizza and service was decent, but the prices and noise were not.   Sadly, we will not be returning. I hope more restaurants come to the area and elevate Ambrosia's game.  

                I went here for an early dinner, after helping some friends move. We had a great time, and our waitress was superb, friendly, funny, and attentive. Everyone was very friendly, and the place had a great feeling. It is a better space than the old restaurant, with better light, especially in the late afternoon. The place was empty when we arrived, but it had filled up by the time we left.  I had a Caesar salad, which was pretty good, with filleted anchovies on top. For a main course I had the scarpariello pasta, which was superb. I wasn't feeling especially hungry, but I ate the whole thing quickly. We shared a nice bottle of wine between three of us. My friend asked the waitress if they had any port to go with dessert. She said sorry, they didn't, but looking at his disappointed face, she told us to wait a minute. She came back with a bottle of a delicious tawny port. She left the bottle with us, and didn't charge us for it. We had a most enjoyable evening. I will be back!  

                I ordered a pizza to go. The crust was soggy in the middle and the taste was bland. I hope it isn't representative of the food they serve in the restaurant.  

                Not worth your time.  Food was so so, service was (barely) one step above awful.  The overpriced chef's seafood salad was three frozen shrimp and half a tiny lobster tail (more like a craw dad tail) on a bed of wilted iceberg lettuce for $15.  Wasn't worth $5.  Wait staff was inattentive, only returned once, and several bus boys took 10 minutes to deliver 6 plates, with mass confusion and bumbling thrown in.  Pizza was limp and greasy, and spaghetti overlooked.  We gave them a year after reading bad Yelp reviews after they opened, but are sad to report that we should have listened to the earlier reviewers.  

                Good food. Nice waiters. Went with big party and was great. Free parking in back. Nice ambience. Not too noisy. Nice selection.  

                Word of advice: Reservations. I love Ambrosia and they are ALWAYS busy. The staff is wonderful.  The hostess is always so sweet. The food is really good and I have to say I am a bit addicted to their braised beef shortribs. Now if they could just stop burning their garlic bread (I'm a sucker for good garlic bread) then this would be 5 stars.  

                Great pizza, very family friendly. The only ding is that there is usually a very long wait between ordering and getting one's food which can be a problem when you're with the littles. It's still a favorite destination though - just bring some activities to help pass the time.  

                Based on a trip more than a year ago with friends to Ambrosia's old location, we'd been wanting to return. On that first visit, "spicy Cajun" pasta was quite good and the numerous wine-by-the-glass choices (comparing favorably to full bottle prices) was a welcome option.  Deserving a break from Christmas holiday cooking, we decided to find and try the new Ambrosia location last night. For a variety of reasons (other than the absence of our friends), the meal left us with mixed reactions.  The unique wine program allowed us to try two super Tuscans and two Santa Barbara Pinot Noirs vs commitment to a bottle of one varietal. Kudos to Ambrosia for continuing this practice.  The food, however, was less than memorable. The cake-like bread and misspelling of "fra diavola" as "fra diablo" should have been omens of things to come.   Even after a request to make sure the "fra diablo" was actually spicy as traditionally intended, the sauce, though tasty, had little "diablo" and the pasta was cooked past "al dente." Veal Picatta was nicely prepared to a golden brown. But the sauce was bland. And the accompanying pasta primavera was little more than a cup of penne pasta mixed with overcooked vegetables.  Not unlike most restaurants other than the original Juniors in Brooklyn, the "NY style" cheesecake also fell short of the mark.   This place has potential. But, it really needs a cooking staff that understands the traditions and attention to detail of southern Italian and Sicilian dishes. Likewise, the Italian wine offerings need to be expanded to include Sicilian entries like Nero D'Avola. and Etna Rosso.  

                My family and I love Ambrosia!! Mark is fantastic and I'm pretty sure my parents feel apart of the Ambrosia family as they go there for date night multiple times a month. I've grown up coming to this place. I love the salad that comes with avocado, artichoke hearts and homemade dressing and I love the pesto chicken pasta!  

                We are regulars as this is my oldest son's favorite restaurant. Very kid friendly.  broad menu with enough to satisfy anyone. Both pasta and pizza are good; veggies and salads also solid.  We normally go by the server recommendation for wine and have never been displeased. They always hook us up with a booth,  know my kids,  know me by name and have a great team of servers and busboys who go out of their way to be friendly.   Specifically,  I can recommend:  Chopped salad  Artichokes  Brussel sprouts Chicken parm  Lasanga Linguini and claim sauce  Multiple pizzas Ravioli  Meatballs  While there are some quirks, we have grown to like it. But responding to a few reviews... 1)They care about reservations.  Judging by some reviews,  apparently that is a problem for some of the population. So if you are offended by the notion that a busy small business might want to impose on your life to manage scarce capacity,  you probably want to abstain. 2) The place is populated by regulars who have been coming for years,  so if you find it disturbing when other people appear to know and like one another and don't talk to you immediately, again, probably not your bag. 3) Finally,  if you want quiet upscale,  not your place. This is family style noisy,  which as it masks my children and allows me to talk to my wife without being heard at the next table. And not every ingredient was flown in from Italy,  likely pending foodies.   But if you like a nice,  simple,  friendly place where you can find something agreeable on the menu,  have at it.  

                Went to Ambrosia for the first time two weeks ago.  Being a petite person, I ordered the small plate, and still had leftovers.  Wonderful food, wonderful service...although a bit too attentive.  The busboys cleared our table as soon as we had our last bite.  I wanted time to "lick my plate" clean.  Felt like we were being rushed.  Would've given Ambrosia five stars if it wasn't for this.  

                Great atmosphere, food, wine and service. Very nice team. We love it every time we visit. j-shelhart - Larkspur, CA  

                Consistently wonderful food and service. My favorite place for a great meal at a reasonable price. What more can I say other than, I'm not related to the owner?  

                We tried Ambrosia at their old location and thought it was promising to try it again at their new location for a quick bite before a movie.  We didn't expect much, but were disappointed nonetheless.  Perhaps in some remote locales in the United States this would pass as decent food, but with all of the excellent choices in Marin it's disappointing to have a restaurant with such mediocre food, poor wine, and terrible service.  Even the Caesar salad tasted like something from Kraft Foods.  The waitress was pleasant enough, and tried to make good by apologizing for the food and service by bringing extra wine on the house - which we left untouched because it was only drinkable if you washed it down with the food.    It was also odd, since we didn't finish the first round of wine (nor our food) which should have been an indicator that we didn't care for the wine either.  It's the thought that counts, but doesn't outweigh wasting our time here.  Despite allowing two hours, we barely made our show due to the slow service, and only had soup/salad and a main course.  Didn't dare order coffee or dessert.  

                I don't understand how this place is always so busy. Overpriced and tasteless food. Unfortunately we were in a rush to find a place to eat before our guests had to get on the road. I thought we would try this since I see it's always busy. Just as we were parking I read reviews from their old location that said their food was sub-par. Too late I thought, at least the pizza should be good.  The food we got:  Wedge Salad- $10 for 1/6 of a head of iceberg lettuce. Dressing was good.  Large #3 Pizza- $27!! We thought it would be flavorful with tomato sauce onions, peppers and artichoke hearts. NO flavor, had to pour on some pepper flakes to give it something.  Small #1 Pizza- $15. Tomato sauce, cheese, garlic, pesto. The pesto was the best part.  Both Tasted like a Papa Murphy's pizza at 3x the price.  Half order Vodka Sauce Pasta- It was ok. I could make the same thing with a jar of store bought sauce.  Overall  Food is not bad, but its just not good. Overpriced. Service was quick.  

                Today was our first and last visit. Both the service and the food was terrible.  

                Been going here for years. Great creative pasta choices. Perfect crust for pizzas. And the famous Tirimisu dessert is back. They have the BEST Wine program I have ever seen. 87 Bottles of wine ALL served by the GLASS. Beautiful Reidel glasses. Super kid friendly family place. Lloyd has been my favorite server for 10 years. He has a pizz named after him #13 The Lloyd.  

                Not a huge fan. While my dinner wasnt terrible it wasnt anything worth returning for and the bill certainly stung considering I could've cooked at home snd been much happier. I went for my birthday and got attitude about no rezzie. We got the crappy section and was told that we were lucky to get anything at all. Food was mediocre.  My dinner was a special beef dish. It was small and obviously microwaved since there were cold pockets of potatoes. Eww. One thing that the owners should fix pronto is the lighting. Its too bright. No mood lighting at all. It felt like Ii was eating at target.  I understand lighting requirements are tough but you can put some nice LED lighting on dimmers. Problem solved.  

                I give Ambrosia two stars, it's nicely updated, however it is sooooooo noisy I couldn't hear the person right next to me.  Lots of kids, which is fine, but in our situation, the parents were not monitoring their children at all.  

