                Yum!  That's all I have to say.   Baby back ribs have the best looking meat I have seen.   If you are a vegetarian they don't have the best selection, few salads hush puppies and  a pasta among 5 or so side dishes-the baked Mac and cheese is to die for! Great for families and drinks and just some great Louisiana style cookin!  

                Never been to New Orleans, but friends say the chow here is pretty close.. Our sample list... Hush Puppies..Yummy browned corn meal. Gumbo =Yummy All good, this was my 3rd visit. Parking in the area sucks & we parked blocks away in a residential area. Busy every time I have been, call aheadfor reservations.  

                Oh my goodness, it should be a crime for any Southern cuisine to taste this damn good this far west of the Mississippi River. I can't believe it took me 5 years post-undergrad to try this place out, and to think that I graduated from Cal...  We made reservations for a Sunday lunch, which was actually a really good idea. For those who are planning on visiting on the weekend - it gets pretty crowded!!  The restaurant itself is nothing special. I do like the exposed brick wall and the fact that the decor isn't as gaudy as most places in NOLA tend to be. There is only just a slight Southern touch to the restaurant, but definitely enough to bring back the memories!   We ordered the gumbo, two orders of the jambalaya, the shrimp po'boy, and a house salad for our starter:  The house salad was really one to remember! It was sweet, savory, and oh so fresh! I cannot rave about the dressing enough!! The candied pecans added a nice (Southern) touch as well!  The jambalaya was superb, it really was. It was bursting with flavor and loaded with sausage/chicken!! It was definitely comparable to some of the better jambalayas that I've had in the Big Easy!  The shrimp po'boy was everything that you would expect a po'boy to be, but it wasn't anything to write home (or back to Louisiana, I guess) about.  I was hoping that it wouldn't be fried (because my mom hates fried foods), but I guess I should have expected it.  The gumbo was a little too salty for our taste. What we did eat, we ate with a lot of rice. We ended up packaging most of it to go so that we could eat it with more rice at home...  I've been to NOLA several times in the past few years, and I must say that Angeline's matches (or even surpasses) many of the restaurants known for their Southern flavors.  This is definitely a gem in downtown Berkeley, and I can't wait to be back!  

                LOVE IT.   My two friends and I were craving fried chicken and decided to come here late afternoon and got seated almost immediately. The interior decor is very homey and interesting! There's a lot of tidbits to look at.  Let's just say, the serving sizes were huge! We ordered 2 entrees and one side, and we had to force ourselves to eat it all! And, the three of us can eat a lot.   We got the Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Jambalaya, and a side of Baked Mac and Cheese. The fried chicken strips were so juicy! It was perfectly coated and deep fried, it was so good it didn't matter that weren't chicken wings.   If you love spicy, then you have to get the jambalaya. MY MOUTH WAS ON FIRE! But the spice with all the flavors worked so well together. It is jam-packed a lot of meat, each bite probably contained more meat than rice, but I'm not complaining. I was so disappointed when we reached the end of the bowl, I wished I could've stomached more. Till next time jambalaya!  That baked mac and cheese is probably the best I've had! It tasted fresh and perfectly al dente. The baked cheese on top was perfect! It was crunchy, gooey, and and absolutely decadent.  Overall, I would reorder everything again! All the dishes were so memorable in their own ways. If I'm ever craving cajun/creole food, Angeline's is on the top of my list!  P.S. No free street parking, they have a parking lot in the front but is always full. Try the perpendicular streets!  

                I finally got the chance to try this place in December. A group of 5 of us had dinner here on a Monday. We shared the gumbo bowl, Voodoo BBQ shrimp over rice, hush puppies, mac & cheese, crawfish etouffee, and jambalaya. The bbq shrimp and crawfish étouffée were served over rice, and was very saucy. There were plenty of shrimp and crawfish in each dish. The hush puppies were amazing, as was the mac&cheese. My favorite was the jambalaya. It was filled with roasted chicken, ham & andouille sausage, and contained a lot of bold flavors.   Our waitress, and the other waiter than brought us our food were not very friendly. My glass of water was always empty and I had to flag her down for a refill. The other waiter had an attitude when he brought us our food.   Overall, the food is great, but the service could use some improvement.  

                Angeline's has been one of my sentimental restaurant choices in Berkeley -- like Jupiter's -- I associate it with birthdays, graduations, roommate reunions, and many happy moments.  It's impossible to write a review without putting a little emotion into it and I only hope Angeline's will provide you with as many "comfortable" memories as they do (comfort) food. :)  With that said, the food is solid - not the best - but certainly tasty at a reasonable price.  Favorites? - Crawfish etouffee or the fried cheese grits w/crawfish etouffee.  Basically, anything etouffee here is really good!!  I was impressed with the sauce and the crawfish - all picked, peeled, and processed were plentiful. - Fried anything - fried catfish, hush puppies, po boys.  Get 'em.  They do a good fry here! - Mac and Cheese.  Solid, classic baked mac.  Hits the spot.  Solid, but not the best - Buttermilk fried chicken, 4 strips of boneless fried chicken breast with green beans and sweet potatoes.  A 100% white meat rendition of fried chicken could rarely squeeze 5 stars out of me.  The gravy was good, but didn't add that savory factor I enjoy like the fried chicken gravy at 900 Grayson (don't get me started).   - Jambalaya.  If you like a meat-heavy jambalaya, which I'm on the fence on, Angeline's packs a full bowl of jambalaya with chicken, ham, and andouille sausage. - Sauteed brussel sprouts - should be called "butter sprouts," because that's all I tasted!  

                Hmm I really wanna give it more stars but I'm having mixed feelings. I definitely need to give it another shot. I've heard people rave about this place so the fiancé decided to have his birthday dinner here. Good thing we made reservations because it was packed. We were escorted to our seats right away and was greeted immediately. Our service was awesome and I was definitely feeling the ambiance. I just wish I felt the same way about the dishes I had.   I ordered the Fried Catfish served with potato salad, tartar sauce & hushpuppies w/honey butter and I ordered a side of Mac and Cheese. I felt that the fish was too "cormealy" to my liking if that makes sense. It was a bit too gritty texture but the seasoning was fine. I did not like their potato salad even though I really tried eating it several times but I didn't like the amount of spiciness it had. Call me a wuss but I'm not a fan of spicy all that much especially with potato salad. Mac and cheese and the hushpuppies were okay. We didn't have time to wait for the pudding so we had to cancel the order and I plan on trying their Beignets next time.  Like I said, I will have to come back and order something else because I REALLY wanna like this place. I tried a little bit of my friends and my fiancé's dishes and they were pretty good so I'm eager to return.  

                Pros: Brussel sprouts Rib plate dinner Hush puppies   Cons: Fried catfish Prices are high. Expect to pay about 15-20 bucks per person  

                First time I came to Angeline's, I was super impressed by the amount of people that come here. We had a reservation, and thank God we did, because the wait would have been crazy long.   I remember ordering the Jambalaya and being completely disappointed by the dryness of the entire dish. This tomato based rice dish was so well mixed that I couldn't taste what was in it.  My mother ordered the Voodoo Shrimp, which was absolutely addicting. I believe that dish only comes with six shrimp, but oh my... the sauce was just outstanding.   I can't seem to remember what the other people in my party ordered because it was so long ago. But let me fast forward to the end of 2014.  Yes, the very end of 2014.  I came here with my significant other on New Years Eve. Made reservations a month ahead. And decided that Jambalaya was not the way to go for the night.   I definitely wanted him to try the Voodoo Shrimp. But after contemplating, we decided to order the Grilled Boudin for a starter. Fried Chicken for his entree. Fried Catfish for mine. And sweet tea for the both of us.   Let me begin with the Grilled Boudin. I was super excited to try this dish because on Yelp, it looks absolutely amazing and it has a great side salad to complement it. But when the food-runner brought it to our table, I was kind of shocked at what they gave us. The sausage was cut up in unproportional slices and the side salad they gave us was nothing but some scraps of greens. The taste was there. It was a flavorful sausage, but it lacked very much in presentation. Frankly, I was disappointed.   My boyfriend's fried chicken looked amazing. His plate had big slices of chicken that had been breaded and deep fried. The sweet potato mash (which I was not a fan of) was a hit for him. The beans were crunchy and flavorful. And the gravy... man, he would not stop talking about how good it was but how little they put on the plate.   Speaking of plates... when the food-runner put down my food, I was kind of confused by how small my plate physically was. It had so much on it -- four pieces of fried catfish, three ramekins (potato salad, honey butter, tartar sauce) and HELLA hushpuppies. I had to take off all the ramekins from my plate to sort out all the food on there. I even held my plate above my boyfriend's to compare the size and mine was significantly smaller. The taste? Everything kind of tasted the same on my plate. I enjoyed the hushpuppies the most because the honey butter helped bring out its flavor. As for the catfish, the pieces were so thin and the breading was so thick that it was hard to taste the fish itself. And the tartar sauce... was not tartar sauce. I have no idea what it was. But it didn't have the thickness or creaminess of tartar sauce.   For dessert, we ordered beignets. They were absolutely amazing. They melted in our mouths and the amount of powdered sugar just makes the dish special.   Another thing that I want to mention is that our waiter kind of forgot about us throughout the night. He never ran our food. And when it came to refills, he was negligent.   Some helpful tips? Make reservations. Yes to voodoo shrimp, hushpuppies, beignets, and sweet tea.  Good luck!  

                Third time's a charm.  Didn't care for what I ordered the first two times I went here, but completely loved what I ordered this last time around!  What I love is the Cajun mixed grill:  mashed sweet potatoes, sweet house-made BBQ sauce covered baby back ribs, spicy and juicy Andouille sausage, and grilled shrimp over cabbage with a tasty and tangy remoulade sauce.  Delicious.  It's a great sampler so you get to try a little of everything.    Four of us also split the hush puppies with honey butter and the beignets, and I highly recommend those to start and finish off your meal.     It smells so good when you walk in, and the ambiance lends a date-night atmosphere, but it's good for small groups too.    If you do come with a group, they don't seat you until absolutely EVERYONE is there.  Three of us were waiting on our fourth person but they still wouldn't seat us..  

                My husband and I came here for brunch Saturday morning. Arrived around 11:30, there were only two tables occupied at this time within 20-30 minutes later the restaurant was full.  Service was excellent. The food was amazing. I thought I was in love with Brenda's in SF now I'm torn.  Hush puppies: 5/5  Voodoo Shrimp: 5/5 this is a must!!' Crawfish Étouffée 4/5 Pecan Pie: 5:5  We will be back.  

                The food here is fantastic!! The chef is from Baton Rouge so when they say "creole and Cajun" it's truly authentic....so make sure you make a reservation ahead of time or you will be waiting up to an hour or more especially on weekends.The restaraunt recently expanded to double its size but the crowds keep coming so you will have to wait if you don't put in your reservation regardless of the size of the party.  You absolutely must try the Gumbo. It's delicious. My favorite entree is the crawfish étouffée. Tastes just like I was back in Louisiana. The Jambalaya and fried chicken are also really good. If you are in the mood for a sandwich, I recommend the po-boy.  The bread pudding is also a must have for dessert. Make sure you add the bourbon whipped cream. The beignets are also authentic. Angelines delivers a great Cajun dining experience right in the heart of an eclectic diverse Berkeley. By far the best Cajun restaraunt in Northern California.  

                The first few times I went to Angeline's, the service was awful. In my first review, I talked about how the staff lacked the quality of Southern hospitality which I felt was essential to a restaurant which serves Cajun food. I hadn't been back for over a year, but I decided to give Angeline's one more try a few weeks ago.   This time the service was much better. Although our server didn't embody the characteristics of Southern hospitality (she was "had a few too many cups of coffee" friendly instead of "warm and comforting" friendly), but she was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu.   The food was just as good as it was the previous times I'd been here. The jambalaya is outstanding. The sauce is rich and hearty, and the dish is expertly seasoned.   I'm glad I gave them a second chance. Hopefully they can continue to have good service.  

                I've been here twice now and it's the most recent experience that's prompted me to write this review.  I came here for a casual date around 8 PM for dinner and we were seated at the bar, where you would expect great service since they're... well... right there. Food came out pretty slowly and the waiters/waitresses were generally very inattentive... we would ask for suggestions on the food and they would say "oh yeah it's good" then turn away... like what?  The voodoo shrimp is a big disappointment. It tasted like Panda Express, super salty and overcooked.   The baked mac and cheese tasted like the shit you get at a buffet.  Overall, very disappointed and will not be returning... there's no soul in this soul food, ya feel?  

                Angeline's is the type of place that will earn extra points just by offering something unique--I certainly can't name any other Cajun/Creole restaurant in Berkeley off the top of my head. So with that said, it makes it tough for me to review places like this because I have no idea what's considered legit or not. All I can speak to is whether or not the food was delicious and whether or not the dining experience (e.g., service, atmosphere, etc) was enjoyable.  To both of these questions, the answer is a resounding "yes"!   We came here as a surprise for my friend's 30th and our server was very accommodating. She let us know up front that only up to 3 credit cards could be used to split the check and that it was restaurant policy not to give out freebie desserts for celebrations. We had happened to bring in our own dessert--with no intention of having the restaurant serve them for us--and our server had them stored in the back and served them individually when time came. And of course, they put a little candle on the tart for the bday girl!  So service was absolutely fantastic as was the food. My favorites of the night included the BBQ shrimp, which was delectable and juicy and served with a sweet savory brown sauce, and the brussel sprouts sauteed in butter. My husband was so inspired by them, he's been trying to recreate the dish at home, but never comes close. We also had the fried oysters as appetizers and they were crazy good, succulent and flavorful, with just the right amount of breading. For entrees, we tried the fried chicken, gumbo, and jambalaya--all of which were solid.  Overall, had a great time here and am definitely looking forward to coming back!  

                There's so much to say about this place and they're all good things! I could not wait to try this place. The name is brightly displayed on their window and once I walked inside, I felt like I transported into New Orleans. The wall decor was original and the place was dimly lit. This spot is a NEED TO TRY place! I can't wait to go back!  We started with the hush puppies and that was perfectly fried. Based on my pictures, you can see what everyone ordered. My voo doo shrimp was the best advice my friends told me to order. It was outstanding and the sauce flavor still makes me drool. The green beans were mediocre, something that can easily be made at home. To be honest, I'd rather have more voo doo shrimp than green beans as a filler. But nonetheless, the portions and the ratio of protein and veggies made sense. The side of mac and cheese was the 2nd best decision! It was flawlessly crunchy and cheesy!   I love beignets, but I love them more with some fruity sauce like raspberry or chocolate. All the powered sugar didn't do it for me. Their chocolate creme pot thingy was rich, creamy, and all around goodness. Perfect with a bite of the beignet.   Lastly, we forget to notify the waitress about our friend's birthday. So we finally tell her after we ordered all our desserts. Guess what they give the celebrant with a candle on top?!? A bowl of ONLY whipped cream! HAHAHA! We weren't upset about it because we just had a feast, but we found it pretty funny and shocking.  

                Came for diner last night for the first time and all I can say is hmmmmm!!  First let me start by saying I rarely give 5 stars but I had to minus a star after my first visit. The food was great from the hush puppies to the Beignets. Everything had us licking our fingers. Serving was great.  We had a friendly waitress that did a good job.  The reason I can't give 4 stars is  1 - because we came with our twin 7 month old girls before the diner rush and they just didn't seem equipt to have kids this age around.  They offered high chairs so wouldn't take up space with the stroller however their highchairs were for kids that could sit up on their own.  Ok, no problem, we blocked a little space but they were still friendly about it.  I'll leave the babies home next time ;)  2 - We also called before arriving and asked if they took reservations. We were told no but when we arrived we saw tables with reserved signs and their website takes reservations...whats that all about? 3 - Mac & cheese was just bad bad bad. When did people stop salting the water? It was also a little too crispy for some of us.    Regardless, I would definitely do this again.  It's not that it is a bad place or the food was horrible.  It was actually one of my faves in a long time. My fave was the andouille sausage. OMG I could have eaten a ton of this.  The fried chicken was good but the sausage was way better.  Would definitely come back but maybe not with a large group as they tend to look confused when it's time to get tables together.  If you want to get a taste of this and that, it gets pretty pricey.  Meals and sides for 4 people was about $120...yowza!  

                Thank goodness I never applied to then get into UC Berkeley because I can only imagine how fat I'd get (cause I'd be dining here all the time). When Stephanie S. and I  went to Berkeley with our brothers, we jumped on the chance to grab an early dinner at Angeline's. No wait at 5:30pm? Win!  - Jambalaya with sauce piquant, roasted chicken, tasso ham & andouille sausage ($14): perfect mix of sauce, rice, and pieces of meat. It is quite flavorful, so you should definitely share this dish! - Penne Pasta with chicken, bleu cheese cream sauce & arugula ($12): pretty standard penne pasta, but it's high quality. (Psst, way better than the pasta at Gypsy's.) - Shrimp Creole cooked Cajun-style, sautéed shrimp w/zesty  tomato sauce piquant over rice & Blue Lake green beans w/parmesan ($16): SO DELICIOUS! The shrimp was tender and the sauce was delightful! - Baked Mac & Cheese w/crunchy parmesan crust ($6): This was probably the best mac n cheese I've ever had. The crust was perfect, and the dish itself was creamy and consistent.  It was definitely nice to try all the different dishes between the four of us. But we know to order another entree next time so it's enough! ;) Our server put down all of our orders, and within ten minutes, we were finished. In fact, we cleaned up the dishes so nicely that our server came over and commented, "You guys REALLY liked the food, huh?" Yes, mam!  The only complaint I have about this restaurant is: there's a weird smell in the hallway to the bathroom. And then the bathroom smells like throw up. Not sure if this is a one time occurrence or if this is a regular thing... They should really look into it though.  

                The gist: Entrees were either great or fairly subpar. Good decor and great service and accommodating to a large group.  Came for brunch on superbowl sunday with a crew of like, gee, 15 people? They at first told us we were going to have to order off of the banquet menu, but then cooled off that.  We got the veggie muffuleta, the hush puppies, a cheese grits app and the brussel sprouts.  Veggie Muffuleta - pretty disappointing, not that special. Veggies were thick and not that flavorful.  Hush Puppies - eh, a little dry, but still tasty. I think if I hadn't thought they were going to be incredible, I would've enjoyed them more.  Cheese grits with crawfish - this was super delicious, and though it was an app, I thought it was pretty darn tasty as part of a main meal.  Brussel Sprouts - incredible. I keep thinking about them and wishing I knew how to make them both so buttery and perfectly sweet.  Everyone eating their meals seemed to be treating them like they were good, but it wasn't a meal where everyone was looking at other people's dishes and thinking, "wow, that looks amazing".  Their dessert menu looked pretty good as well.  All in all, I don't think I'd come back for the food, but the service for a group of 15 was pretty good. Also, cash only.  

                Angeline's has been on my radar and bookmarked for quite some time. I came to visit my sis so we could have lunch and since the both of us had been dying to try this place we finally came here. It's a very small place and can be easily missed but it shouldn't be lol. Walking in was very surprising the place is small so you are sitting close with other customers which wasn't a bad thing in our case (I'll get to that later), the ambiance was wonderful and the decor was amazing as well. The decor made you feel at home, the colors, artwork were very subtle. Loved it!  We were seated right in the front in which there were three tables that were half booth and half chairs I believe. Once we were seated the waitress came to greet us and get our drink orders almost immediately. While the menu is not very extensive. we did have a hard time figuring out what to order because everything sounded good and then looking at the food the ladies next to us had made it that much more difficult. I knew I wanted a shrimp dish and the waitress recommended the Voodoo shrimp over the shrimp creole. My sis ordered gumbo as her starter and the buttermilk fried chicken as her entree. The ladies next to us had a big basket of hush puppies and were so kind enough to offer us some of them, they were delightful especially with the honey butter. They weren't dry and they had a very great flavor.  Our food came out in a timely fashion even though the place was crowded and I was very surprised at how big the portions were and the prices were decent for what you get. The voodoo shrimp was unlike any shrimp dish I have ever tasted before, the sauce was very unique, very little spice and the shrimp were nice and plump (cooked perfectly). The white rice was cooked to perfection as well but I was not a fan of the blue lake green beans, I would have liked for them to have been a little more cooked and cut in half. The food was just wonderful and the service was great as well. This will be my go to place for Cajun food when I'm in the area and I will make it a point to try many of their other dishes especially the beignets!!  

                I really wanted to like this place more, I truly did. Perhaps my palate just isn't quite accustomed to too many different types of Creole, but I found their flavors lacking.   I came with a party of four, and we ordered ordered a variety of items. Our food mostly arrived at the same time, but our dishes were varying from lukewarm to piping hot. The service was slow as they were busy, so our food took a bit to arrive.   Their dishes lacked the spices and flavor I'm used to, with the exception of the Jambalaya. For the prices and crowd, I was expecting better. I probably won't be back. They weren't bad, but it just wasn't for me.  

                Delicious and pretty authentic! I had the buttermilk fried chicken and my husband had the ribs and Mac and cheese. All of it was so yummy and definitely filling! The beignets are a must as well! Definitely a good place to bring your friends or your parents!  

                Nom nom nom.  This place is good stuff.  If you are ever in the Berkeley area, you have to come in and try this place out.  Very quaint restaurant nestled off Shattack.    I tried the hush puppies and Voo Doo shrimp.  I will definitely come back.  

                Ok so I must start by saying I'm so lucky I found this place!! It never gets old and I will continue to come every chance I get. (I'm a regular sooo lol). I love the employees they are amazing. Whenever I walk in I feel happy. Great setting. I always leave satisfied. I definitely recommend this place! I love it here it is by far my favorite restaurant!!!!  

                We have been here twice. The first time was a year ago, and we sat at the bar and thought the food was good. But the food was not healthy, so we had not been eager to go back until a few weeks ago, for a casual dinner. Put our name down and waited for 40 minutes.   It took the waiter a LONG time to come to take the drink order, then another LONG time to take our dinner order. No water refill service, even though the waiter passed by so many times. So I got up and refilled my husband's water.   Buttermilk Fried Chicken was OK.  Catfish was good. Jambalaya was not as good as we remembered.  Hush Puppies were very dry and not as tasty as we remembered.   Overall it is mediocre. Won't be back for a long time.  

                I have been here multiple times and have never reviewed them!   Everything here is delicious!! I love their deep fried catfish and their Mac n cheese. Here are some of the other dishes I have tried and have no complaints!   Oyster PoBoy Catfish PoBoy Fried Chicken with sweet potatoes and green beans Gumbo Mushroom gumbo Jambalaya  

                Pretty darn close! When I saw that this restaurant specialized in Southern cooking, I was excited. I hadn't had the real digs since my trip to NOLA a couple years ago and was craving some good po' boys.   The restaurant hadn't open yet and there was already several patrons in line. When they opened for lunch we were lucky to get a nice booth before the crowds started piling in. Around noon was when it really started to get busy. We were given a couple glasses of water and placed our orders.  We ordered: -Hushpuppies ($5) -Fried Chicken ($16) -Mimosa ($7) -Cup of Gumbo ($2.50) -Shrimp Po'Boy ($13)  Everything we had we delicious, rich and fried! Service was good and prompt (since we arrived upon them opening).   About $50 for 2 people for brunch. Definitely recommend if you're staying in Downtown Berkeley!  

                This is quite possibly my favorite restaurant in the Bay Area. I wish there was a place like this in the city. The food is AMAZING. The service is good and the atmosphere is very festive without being too noisy. The only thing I would add is that you MUST make a reservation which can be challenging. The place is very popular and the word is out. Having said that, the food comes out fast and the portions are generous. The Voodoo Shrimp, the beignets and the hushpuppies are all great selections!  

                I cannot believe I have not reviewed this place. I've lived on top of Angelines for the past two years and never have I checked in even though I eat here at least once a month. Shame on me.   I've only sat down inside and eaten here once though. Why I choose the take out instead? Well because my apartment is right on top of this joint. haha :) Pretty convenient! My first time here I got the Shrimp Creole and it was sooooo good! Okay this was before I discovered my shrimp allergies. Sadly, I had to pick a new item on the menu but I was not disappointed when I tried their gumbo! The sausage and seasoning are so good!   Angeline's is probably the only place I would risk my shrimp allergies for a Shrimp Po'Boy sandwich. Yeah that's right, I took the risk (multiple times!) It is just to die for! The bread, the fried shrimp, the lettuce and the hot sauce. YUM! An order gets you a side of salad as well. Angeline's make sure that you're watching your diet as well! ;)   This place has the coolest vibe to it. It feels as though you're in New Orleans having gumbo with the family! The service is excellent! And of course, the food is always on point. The only thing I'm not too happy with is the lighting! It's so dim in there!! I may be 23 years old, but I can't see the menu at all! Plus, it makes capturing pictures of my meals a lot harder! More lights please!   OH! This place gets pretty busy for dinner, so definitely call in ahead! :)  

                Some items were really good, some were tasteless, some were meh. I waited over 6 months to finally come here on a Friday night. Waited about 15 minutes around 6:30 right off of Shatttttuck.   If you've been to New Orlean's Square in Disneyland, this looks exactly the same (sorry haven't actually been to NOLA). Ordered Mac and Cheese for apps, about $6 for a bowl, I think Krafts makes better ones. Fried cat fish w/hushpuppies and a Shrimp Po'boy was ordered as an entree. The cat fish had no flavor and the strips weren't that big. The hush puppies were good, you get at least 6. The Shrimp Po'boy was packed with shrimp, light sandwich/bread, but eh no flavor still. The sides were potato salad, kind of just whatever. The 5 stars for the nights is given to the sugar powdered beignets. The donuts are real fresh and the powdered sugar is nom nom nomlish. I wish it came with a vanilla or chocolate sauce of some sort but oh well all good.  

                Ordered 2 entrees; wild mushroom Vegan jambalaya and buttermilk chicken with sides of sweet mashed potatoes, salted French green beans and Brussel sprouts. Everything was served piping hot and with speed. Jambalaya was spicy but not overwhelming. Buttermilk chicken was tender and fresh. Sides were the right amount  and complemented the meal. Brussel sprouts were amazing- carmelized with  garlic, sage and salt. Will need to comeback to try different things. Off course due to my egg allergies - all were egg free.  

                Angeline's has always been one of my go-to restaurants in Berkeley. They offer a satisfying selection of delicious Southern comfort food, in a warm and inviting atmosphere, at a great price! They're perfect for all occasions, whether you're on a date or having a casual night out with family.  A lot of the food and drinks are familiar, but with a twist. Classic fried chicken and gravy becomes boneless pieces of moist fried chicken, nestled in a bed of ginger/vanilla sweet potato mash, bathed in a bacon-laced cream sauce. Easily one of my favorite dishes here! The Strawberry Lemonade gets a boost with a little carbonation and sweet tea gets a shot of lemonade to become Swamp Water.   The hush puppies are always a crowd favorite with a generous smothering of honey butter and they offer fried alligator on their seasonal menu. The Shrimp Creole over rice, Fried Catfish,  and Mac 'n Cheese are some of my other picks! All the dishes are perfectly portioned and ideal for sharing family-style. The bread pudding with caramel and rum-spiked whipped cream is heavenly and the beignets w/ a mountain of powdered sugar are a simple, but tasty treat. If there's one dish I would pass on, it's the gumbo. It has a good depth of slow-cooked flavor, but it comes with super tiny shrimp, not big ones like I was expecting.    The service is always friendly and upbeat and they can accommodate larger groups. One time they accidentally delivered a Shrimp Sammie to our table and we had knifed the little guy before we realized it was the wrong dish. They ended up boxing it up for us to  take home!   I will admit Angeline's doesn't have the most authentic Southern food, but it's still a great restaurant with delicious food. The wait isn't too bad, even on busier nights, and it's in a great location, near public transportation and theatres down the street. One of my favorites- they never disappoint!  

                I've been to this place several times now and it never ceases to amaze my taste buds.  Service is prompt. Never have to worry about my water getting low.   Food is just the right portion size. Feel like I'm getting my money's worth without feeling like a fatty.   Downside is there's usually a wait. Which is ok since you gotta be decently hungry when you come here.   One of the few places I can find a shrimp po'boy without feeling like I should have hit up Popeye's instead.   Go here and get chu some.  

                Another bookmark removed! :)   This place is located in downtown Berkeley on Shattuck Ave. It's easily accessible from Downtown Berkeley BART.   The food really IS just as good as the other reviewers say. We shared the Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Baked Mac & Cheese, and the Sautéed Brussels Sprouts. The chicken was fried to perfection, the mac & cheese was deliciously baked with a crunchy parmesan crust, and the sage-garlic brown butter made the mini cabbages oh-so good.   The entrée and two sides were more than enough to share---we filled up our plates in family-style fashion. It sort of felt like Thanksgiving.  Although we left the place feeling stuffed (I regret not saving room for the beignets),  I promptly went home and ate (read: devoured) the leftovers in a blaze of gluttonous glory. Yep, it was THAT good.  Would I come here again? I think the better question is, Why am I not back already?  

                3 stars for the food... would have been 5 if the staff had been better.  Was there today around noon - place was about 1/3 full so there were plenty of tables all around but the "hostess" tried to seat us in the back where patrons were lined up in close quarters one after the next.. I said, "we'd like to sit on the other side" and the hostess said, "those are all reserved" (B/S !!!).. so, we took a table closer to the front and where we would not be seated cheek-by-jowl with others.  Next three parties of two she tried to seat where she originally tried to put us - first two said "now way" and moved closer to where we were (so as not to be crowded?)... the third party took the offered table but clearly weren't happy (they were looking around, almost frantically, as the hostess moved back to the front).  As we were eating, a young woman and a toddler came in and spoke with the hostess who immediately took them to the "reserved" side and seated them at a two-top (which was originally a four-top when we asked to be seated in that section).  As I was leaving, I asked the Hostess, "what about that young woman and her baby; that's where I asked to be seated and you told me that those tables were 'reserved'... double standard?", and she replied, "Oh, that was a four-top and I made it a two-top for that lady".... so, she completely missed my point and hence lost two stars for her establishment and a lot of respect from me...  Not a well-laid out place and a lot of wasted space... otherwise, good food...  

                Looking for a hearty Cajun meal? Angeline's was spot on delicious for seafood with a kick!   Walking in, this place looked a bit fancier than I had expected. Most of the parties were either on a date or celebrating something with family members. It was also dimly lit with candles as we left the restaurant. I suggest making reservations because they had a full house by dinner time!  I decided on the crawfish étouffée & tried to substitute something else for the parmesan green beans but the bottom of the menu says no substitutions. I explained that I have a dairy allergy so the waitress said they could just give me plain green beans instead. Sure, I guess. When my dish came out, it looked like they dusted off the parmesan rather than not put any on at all. I couldn't touch my green beans as a result.. -1 star for making me waste my food.  The crawfish étouffée was kind of spicy and had a lot of crawfish! I normally don't eat much rice but needed it to offset the spice. The heat builds with each bite you take. I also tried the swamp water -- lemonade & ice tea. Pretty darn good! It wasn't watered down & came with free refills. By the time I finished my meal, I had no more room for dessert but if I ever come back, I'll be sure to save space for the beignets!  

                Angeline's is my instant reply whenever somebody asks for a restaurant recommendation in Berkeley. The atmosphere lends itself to a nice date atmosphere but still casual enough to not be super intimidating.   The fried chicken is quite possibly the best I've ever had and while I keep ordering the chicken and the catfish over and over, everything else that has been eaten in my presence also seemed amazing.  

                Southern restaurants usually scare me.  OK, my heart rate doesn't increase, and I don't see a specter or a Phil Spector behind every chair--although it would be nice to run into Regina Spektor quite unexpectedly--but Southern cooking is shorthand for lots and lots and lots of pork lard.  If you don't believe me, try driving through the South on a strict vegetarian and/or vegan and/or kosher and/or halal diet, and see how much you can eat.  Throw in the fact that Angeline's is a New Orleans kind of restaurant, and things get worse; seafood places around the country are notorious for being veggie unfriendly.  But unlike San Francisco, which is becoming more and more unlike itself as it becomes whiter and richer and less aware of its unique history, Berkeley still knows what it is.  Yes, there are expensive condos going up all over the place in the vicinity of Shattuck Avenue, and yes, Berkeley is suffering from the same reverse white flight that has recently plagued San Francisco and Oakland, but Berkeley is still Berkeley.  It has a heart, even if its soul is fraying.  Most importantly, it knows that vegetarians actually do exist and that they actually do eat out sometimes.  I've got three words for you, fellow vegetarians of the Bay Area:  wild mushroom jambalaya.  Order it, eat it, savor it, remember it.  Repeat as necessary.  They can also make it vegan, and it's just as good.  Angeline's is expensive, yes.  The service is hit or miss, yes.  The wild mushroom jambalaya more than makes up for it.  Oh, and the purple alligator is really cool.  

                The first trip my bf and I took together was to good ol' N'awlins, and Angeline's reminded us of the good food and all around good vibes of the city.  We decided to go all out - and ordered the hushpuppies, fried chicken, fried cheese grits with crawfish etouffee, and a side of mac n cheese. EVERYTHING was delicious!! If you're deciding between the crawfish etouffee appetizer or the entree, go for the appetizer and splurge on a different menu item because the green beans were just okay. They were a bit on the soggy end for me, and totally just a space filler on the plate.  My only real complaint was how full I was afterwards, because the food was so good I didn't want to stop eating! :P  

                I've been here I believe two times and both times were fun. The first time was a few years where I had the seafood gumbo or jambalaya and the second time I had their house special ribs. I've also had their beignets which were awesome.  The jambalaya or the gumbo I don't recall, was pretty delicious to someone who isn't a big fan of seafood. It went too fishy and and the leftovers wee still good the next day.  On the other hand, the ribs were only okay. It sounded so delicious with a bourbon sauce but I was rather dry and overcooked.  My friend had the voodoo shrimp which was delicious! The sauce was pretty rich and tasty and I had a bite. Let me just say I would order the voodoo shrimp over the ribs any day and I love meat. You may want to ask for extra rice since the sauce is very rich and creamy and if want it to balance out, get more rice.  Beignet: first time having these pillows of goodness and sugar. Warm and fluffy and they give four large pieces.  Service: eh. Not too memorable which is both a good and bad thing. I didn't have great service to where I want to go back nor did I have bad service which was definitely make me uninspired to return. It was just average.  The decor is festive though. Lots of Mardi Gras beads and masks I believe. Decorations give a nice touch of New Orleans to the Bay Area.  

                Ohhhhh man, southern cooking. I love love LOVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEE southern cooking. Why? Because all of it is almost all exclusively in the category of COMFORT FOOD. Food that just gets you in your ultimate comfort zone. Food coma-inducing cuisine, giving you the best kind of tryptophan and insulin high EVER. Filipino food fits into this category for me as well. Maybe that's why I love southern food so much. Or maybe I just enjoy delicious food. I may never know. What I do know? Angeline's is the BOMB when it comes to comfort food.  Stepping in, you already know you're in for some comfort. You get that real down home feeling. The ambiance in here is that of a comfortable kitchen. As if you were having a big family dinner and one of your relatives house or something to that effect. All without the awkward questions regarding your career, love life, or lack or either... or lack of both! But I digress. It's a very cool fusion of homely and fancy and I think it really adds to the experience.  Service here has always been absolutely friendly. They really make sure to listen to orders and they'll even go into great lengths to explain dishes, should those questions arise. Even when this joint is packed, you'll be served promptly, effectively, and with a big fast smile. Food service is always pretty fast as well. I don't remember ever having to wait too terribly long for our food to come out. It's always come out promptly as well. Customer service here is great.  Now the main star, event, & attraction: THE FOOD. Ugh, I'm getting hungry just thinking about it all. You really can't go wrong with ANY of the dishes here. Just to name a few of their awesome dishes: fried chicken with ham gravy, fried oysters, BBQ shrimp, gumbo, grits, the cajun mixed grill, jambalaya, baby back ribs, catfish, penne pasta, po boys, mac n' cheese, and greens. Don't forget beignets, bread pudding, and pecan pie for dessert. Everything I mentioned, I have tried. And it was all awesome. The chefs know what they're doing here. I've never had a bad dish here. The food here is the <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbomb.com%2Ffoodcoma%2Ficantmove.php&s=4757d3af01817d8423d65bbaf2a8eb557cbc51b04910a1b1c7c79ab8d0e9c355" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bomb.com/foodcoma/icantm…</a>. Ugh. UGH! SO GOOD!  You really need to do yourself a favor and head here if you're craving some southern food in the east bay. They hit it right on the nail on all points, in my most humble of opinions. Great comfort food experience combined with awesome service. It's a win-win for all parties involved. Need some comfort food? Go here now!  

                Angeline's should really fire that evening hostess, whoever she is. After enjoying the food so immensely during my first visit, I brought my mother to the restaurant yesterday. The hostess tells us it will be a 30-45 minute wait at most. We opt to wait it out, since I really wanted my mom to try the food. An hour later, and two trips to the hostess counter, and we're still waiting. Not only does she give unrealistic wait times, she's not very personable.  Once we were finally seated, our waitress saw that I was pissed, and kindly asked the kitchen to rush our food. I appreciated that. My mother loved the catfish, hushpuppies, and potato salad that she ordered, and commented that she wanted to bring my grandmother back for her birthday. I'm sure my grandmother would also enjoy the food... but not the hostess.  A tip to anyone dining at Angeline's. Make a reservation. Otherwise, the wait time is hell.  If I were only reviewing the food, Angeline's would get five stars, but service is so important to me and to any dining experience. They lose another star because of that hostess.  

                OMG...I've been meaning to try this place for ages and I finally got to try it for Sunday dinner with my family.  UN-FREAKING-BELIEVEABLE.  There's is not much I can say but YOU'VE GOT TO EAT HERE!!!!  If I lived in Berkeley, I'd be a fat cow because I would be eating at Angeline's EVERYDAY!!!!!   The only complaint I had about this place was I couldn't stay to eat more!!!!  

                I expected more from this place. I guess it comes down to preference. We did NOT like where we were sitting, jammed in between 2 groups. Such a tiny space and we felt like we had no privacy. The place was loud so my bf and I had to scream across each other, but when we did, ppl next to us stared. It was quite a discomforting meal.  Service was good, we got seated in 20 minutes for a Saturday dinner for 2 people. Our appetizer,  hush puppies, were taking awhile and the groups to the left and right of us got their food before we did even though we ordered before them. Thus, the waiter said the hush puppies were on the house. Great service already! We also got sautéed Brussel sprouts in garlic butter as a side, HIGHLY RECOMMEND. Delicious although buttery. Loved it! The hush puppies tasted like rolled up and fried sweet corn bread with a side of garlic butter. Not the best I've tasted.  I ordered shrimp creole and I was sorely disappointed. It was sweet and tasted more like Italian pasta more so than cajun.To add on to that,  it wasn't spicy at all. I asked the waiter in advance if I could have my dish spicy. He said it already is a little spicy, but if I wanted more I could just add some hot sauce that was already on the table (Tabasco and Louisiana hot sauce). But... the hot sauces on the table were not even hot... smh. It wouldve been nice if the cooks could toss more spicy peppers onto the dish upon request. The green beans though were on point, lightly seasoned with salt and refreshing.   My bf's jambalaya was way too salty and tasted like Spanish rice mixed with shredded pork and Costco sausage. Maybe I'm being harsh, but I was not impressed with the foods here. It wasn't that spicy, although my bf said it had a kick to it.  If I was to come back I'd order the fried chicken or cat fish. From what I saw, it looked amazing! Despite my disappointment, I did not think this place was a bad restaurant, just the hype and high ratings did not par up to my experience.  

                My second time here and I had the jambalaya.  I definitely will keep coming back for the food is so good. My friend enjoyed her catfish as much as I did the first time I came.  I liked how the honey butter went well with the hush puppies.  Service was really prompt and our server was very friendly and on hand for suggestions. Next time I'm sharing an entrée so that I can actually get some dessert.  

                We came her on a Friday before the dinner rush so we got seated right away and also got our food quickly.  We ordered the fried chicken entree which came with sweet potato mash, green beans, and this amazing smoked gravy. The chicken was boneless (which surprised me) and it was moist and crunchy. I would definitely get this again. My children completely demolished it and it was a pretty good sized portion. Sweet potato mash was ok, but then again, I'm not very particular when it comes to sweet potato. Green beans were perfectly seasoned and not overcooked. And the gravy! I'm not sure what it's made out of, but it tastes like smoked bacon. I loved it!  We also got the fried cheese grits with crawfish étouffée, which was good but a bit salty.  The mac and cheese we also ordered was okay, not mind blowing in my opinion. It was almost "Kraft" tasting. My lil one who is a mac and cheese connoisseur wasn't that impressed either.  Glad I came here so now i can check this one off my bookmarks.  Also wanted to add, our server was great. I just wish I remembered her name.   Parking tip: Parking is a little difficult in this part of Berkeley. When parking on the street, the meters cost $2.75/hr. Come prepared with coins!  

                I moved to Berkeley a few months ago and I asked my friends that were Berkeley locals what their favorite restaurant is. "Angeline's" kept on coming up over and over again. "Ugh fried chicken? How good could that be?" I thought.  The answer: SO GOOD. Oh. Em. Gee. Let me tell you. I have never had fried chicken that is so perfectly battered (lightly, not too oily) yet still tender on the inside. How do you do it, Angeline? I must return to eat and perhaps discover your secrets.   We also ordered the hush puppies, which were a bit on the dry side, gumbo, and jambalaya. I was not a huge fan of the gumbo but the jambalaya was flavorful and delicious. They also serve beers that are brewed in Louisiana, just to top-off their Louisiana theme.  Make a reservation! We got seated right away but we made the reservation several days in advance and still couldn't get an early dinner slot. The place was packed, dimly lit, and quite loud so it was hard to converse across the table.   Overall good experience and great food.  

                I love this place! It's definitely the best Cajun food I've had aside from restaurants in New Orleans. So if you're an NO native missing home or just a foodie dying to try some authentic Cajun food, Angeline's in the place for you!  The atmosphere is super cute, very New Orleans bayou inspired with jazz music playing inside and outside the restaurant. The service is great! Be sure to make a reservation, especially if you're going for dinner. It's crucial! If you don't, you will be waiting for a while to get a table.  As far as food goes it depends on what you feel like bc everything is very tasty. I'm a shrimp lover so I usually order the Shrimp Creole or the Voo-doo Shrimp. They're both served over rice with a side of green beans. The green beans are kind of basic just steamed and topped with Parmesan cheese. The shrimp is definitely the star of the show. The shrimp creole is in a tomato based sauce with a nice spicy flavor. The voo doo shrimp has more of a smokey, creamy, barbeque sauce full of flavor. They're both delicious! Also, the Mac and cheese is a must! Perfect amount of creamy, cheesy goodness with a crispy breadcrumb topping. The beignets are also great for dessert. I wish they were a little more fluffy!   All in all, great place! Prices aren't terrible ($12-17) per plate and they give nice hefty portions! Must try this place, you will be hooked!  

                Come early or expect a long wait! The staff is very friendly and helpful, but they are definitely busy. The atmosphere is lends itself for a cute date night.  

                I had the Cajun mixed grill, and it was amazing! There were a lot of good options and it was hard to choose but I'm glad I settled for this one. Everything tasted great, I would go back to get this again. It consisted of shrimp, sausage, ribs, and something else.. Can't remember but sooo good!!  

                I've gone here a number of times just because I was craving their hush puppies. The best things on their menu that I've tried so far have been:  -Voodoo shrimp. -Hush puppies. -Swamp water (basically an arnold palmer)  I've also had the jambalaya, gumbo, crawfish etouffee, the shrimp creole, and my boyfriend has had the shrimp po-boy-- all very SOUND choices.   Restaurant fills up so make a reservation beforehand. Service was quick and friendly.  

                Ugh, Angeline's is HEAVENLY! This food will truly touch your soul - yummy!   I've been here several times, so let's cut straight to dessert.  They have the best bread pudding your mouth will ever taste.  It's ooey, gooey and they the cream they serve it with is divine! Everything on the menu is delicious. Your stomach will feel like it's going to explode because you literally will not be able to control yourself and all you'll want to do is take a nap because you'll be in a carb induced coma, HOWEVER, you must save room for dessert!   As for the rest of the food, below are the MUST HAVES:  - Brussel Sprouts - YUM - Mac & Cheese - YUM - Fried Chicken - YUM - Shrimp Po' Boy - YUM - Jambalaya - YUM   Reminder: don't forget to order that bread pudding!   *HALF OFF ALL WINE BOTTLES ON TUESDAY! Can I hear a whoop whoop!?  

                An extremely popular establishment in a part of Berkeley thronged by students, hippies, and the homeless.  ***ANGELINE'S CREOLE-STYKE BBQ SHRIMP (6 Jumbo)  This was just fantastic. Big fluffy shrimp cooked to perfection, bursting with flavor, and not the least bit fishy. They weren't quite as jumbo as I would have hoped, but decently sized. The sauce was not tomato based as expected, but some kind of dark peanut--very rich & buttery. And the best part--you could mop it up with several chunks of bread that was deliciously flavored and toasted perfectly (warm & crispy exterior, soft interior).  ***JAMBALAYA w/sauce piquant, roasted chicken, tasso ham & andouille sausage  A lot of rice, some chunks of chicken, ham, & sausage, a dry brown spice layer coating everything, and a dark red piquant sauce on the side that was tomatoey & buttery. It was a combination of dry & rich, which is never a good thing, but I wouldn't expect any less from jambalaya. It was one of those things that's nice to try a bite of, but you don't want a whole bowl of it.  ***FRIED CATFISH, Catfish potato salad, tartar sauce & hushpuppies w/honey butter  The catfish were long strips covered with a thick batter of oatmeal appearance--I didn't even know what it was until I bit through the crunchy exterior to discover the white catfish flesh. Not fishy at all, a plus. But the strips of catfish were so thin and the batter so thick & crunchy that the juicy flesh was unable to make a proper impression. Tarter, meh. Potato salad had a kick to it and the potatoes pleasantly soft and retained their glorious skins, but the flavor was otherwise standard. I know everybody gushes over the hushpuppies, but I found them to be a little too crunchy (over-fried) and quite dry on the inside. Honey butter didn't have enough honey (ie pizazz).   ***SAUTÉED BRUSSELS SPROUTS w/sage-garlic brown butter  Wow, these were freaking good. At least the first two bites, until I became ill from consuming so much brown butter, for this stuff was swimming in it. Still, nice crunchy fried exterior, rich hazelnut flavor. Exceedingly heavy.  ***ANGELINE's BANANAS FOSTER BREAD PUDDING - Our signature, w/rum caramel sauce bourbon-vanilla whipped cream  I mean, it was good, but kinda your average banana-flavored bread pudding. Sufficiently soft, excessively rich. Would've been nice to have some actual banana chunks. After a rich meal, this was a bit cringe inducing.  ALL IN ALL:  The flavors had potential, but were drowned out by excessive heaviness from beginning to end. It's a posh place with a fun atmosphere and a novel menu, but I probably won't be returning.  

                Waiter was nice and attentive!   The Brussels sprouts and Jumbalaya are amazing! The Brussels sprouts are pan fried in brown butter if I remember correctly and it is seriously delicious. The crispy leaves that find themselves detached from the brussel sprout itself tops it off! The Jumbalaya has a good balance of sausage and rice. There flavor is there and is extremely addicting. The side of mashed sweet potatoes is nothing too amazing but the mac n' cheese is a definite must try!   The swamp water there is essentially just an Arnold Palmer!  Also, the fried chicken is mediocre there!  

                Haven't had southern food in a long time & actually ended up here on accident, but what a great accident that was!   We were starving so we started with Angeline's gumbo & dipped the bread in it, my boyfriend would have licked the bowl clean if that was appropriate. We got the voodoo shrimp - I don't like green beans and asked to try the Mac & cheese instead since they're the same price but he didn't let me- not sure why? but I got a salad option instead.. Simple but good. The shrimp's sauce was amazing and with a little bit of lemon juice and the rice it was a delicious bite. We also got the jambalaya & it was great, but we wanted it more spicy so we added some of their Louisiana hot sauce & it was perfect. This was a lot of rice so we couldn't finish everything & were able to take home some leftovers to enjoy again for lunch the next day ... My belly was happy.   Service was okay and there was a spill in the hallway on the way to the bathroom and I totally slipped and almost hurt myself soooo that wasn't a fun way to end my experience.  

                Everything looks, sounds and smells delicious!   I'd really like to give them 4.5 stars because of the wait, but let's round up! The wait was 30 minutes when we got there at 8:00 PM. But that's only because this place is truly worth the wait! There were a few large parties (and one birthday) which meant the wait was a little longer than usual.   We started off with the Alligator Bites which was quite good, and I just had to try the Hush Puppies that everyone raves about! We also had to try the Abita Strawberry beer. The alligator bites were cooked perfectly and the Hush Puppies are the size of baseballs! (Not quite, but they are HUGE).   I had the jambalaya with a side of brussels sprouts. The jambalaya was a little bland in my opinion, but it was really my own fault for loading up on all those alligator bites and hush pups! We also ordered the cajun mix plate which is served with an AWESOME potato salad.   I look forward to coming back again, hopefully even hungrier so that I can enjoy more of the menu!  Fair warning: the prices are very reasonable but they certainly add up!! You can easily have a nice meal for $20 per person, but we were celebrating so our bill ended up to being $40 per person after all the drinks and apps.  

                Visiting Berkeley is always special because (1) we get to see our older daughter, (2) CREAM, iScream, Ici, John's, Tara's (not necessarily in that order), (3) we get to try something new, (4) we get to rely on something that hits the spot.  Angeline's Louisiana Kitchen is definitely #4 because of their Crawfish Étoufée - always delicious and perfectly complemented by the Blue Lake green beans.  If you love fried chicken, you absolutely have to try their Buttermilk Fried Chicken.  It is flavorful, tender, and juicy with a small amount of crisp from the golden brown batter.  I wouldn't be surprised if I see Col. Sanders order it one of these days. =)  The problem now is that our daughters have found their go-to food and my wife is fine with sharing because, most of the time, we have to start with the Hush Puppies and end with the Beignets (and if I'm lucky, still hit up one of the ice cream places in #2).  Burden is on me to order something different for everyone to try. =)  We have been able to take a crack at the Po'Boy Sandwiches (shrimp and oyster), Angeline's Gumbo, Jambalaya, and the Shrimp Creole.  So far, so good... =)  

                I went to the place for lunch on a Friday and this was my first time here. We were seated right away and our waitress was there immediately to greet us and start with our drinks. I ordered the strawberry lemonade and a small bowl of gumbo.  Within a few minutes it seem my drink and appetizer was on the table! Let's just say I was impressed! She was on top of my friends water making sure her glass stayed full! I ordered the fried chicken and my friend ordered The shrimp po boy. Omg the gumbo and the food was amazing! Excellent portions I was stuffed! When we asked for a to go box she brought it immediately! I think this was the best customer service I have experienced in a restaurant in a long time! And the place was not empty! Will definitely be coming back!  

                Angeline's has made me fall in love with Southern food. I have yet to order something here that I did not like.  The prices here are a little bit over the typical college student's budget, but the portions are very generous and the food is delicioussss.  Hush Puppies - Sweet and dense cornmeal fritters. They have the perfect crunch on the outside, and a smooth buttery taste on the inside. These things will fill you up FAST. Keep that in mind if you're ordering them as an appetizer ;)  Angeline's Gumbo - The gumbo contains okra, andouille, ham, and shrimp. The flavor was good, but this dish doesn't stand out to me like others on the menu.  Country Ranch Salad - Yum! If you're looking for something on the lighter side, I recommend this salad. I mean, come on, it has bacon and croutons.  Jambalaya - Contains chicken, ham, and andouille. Good, but a little bit on the salty side. I found myself alternating between the jambalaya and other items on the table.  Wild Mushroom Jambalaya - This is favorite item on the menu! The mushrooms and tomato really soak up the sauce flavor, and I LOVED the spicy kick.  Fried Catfish - The catfish is SO good, especially paired with the tartar sauce. This entree comes with hush puppies!  Buttermilk Fried Chicken - Their fried chicken is crunchy on the outside, moist and tender on the inside, and amazingly not greasy. Definitely recommend this entree.  As for their sides, I like their baked mac & cheese with the crunchy parmesan crust. The potato salad is good, but nothing special. Mashed sweet potatoes are pretty good if you like sweet potatoes and ginger.  Finally, make a reservation if you can! The wait can get long during rush hours, but I think the food is worth it :)  

                Lunch here was super-duper!  I enjoyed the Voo-Doo Shrimp with delicious sauce and fresh green beans.  Coffee was delicious and the fresh Benyas were superb.    Only one note: my companion doesn't eat pork or shellfish (religious observation) and that made the menu a little limited.  Maybe he just goes elsewhere next time.  THANKS!  

                Spontaneous... YES IT WAS!!!  I Yelped it, and found a  consistent 4-star review from fellow yelpers about this place.  Called and made a quick reservation, hopped on the BART with the gf.  Didn't tell her where we were headed.  Found it, told her, "there it is".  We sat, and splurged!  Arrived at approximately 2:30pm on a Saturday.  Not a long wait, but it did pick up as it got closer to dinner time.  The pleasant hostess seated us at a clean table.  We were then served by Ben.  Great service, no issues.  We ordered: ~ House Salad ($6.99) - this had tomatoes, raisins, candied pecans, and a fig-balsamic vinaigrette dressing.  This was ok and seemed fresh.  The gf ate most of it, and even looked at me like, "umm, this has too many pecans".  As she knows, I hate pecans.    ~ Angeline's Creole-style BBQ Shrimp ($11.99) - six jumbo pieces - Only they didn't seem as jumbo as I had imagined.  More like extra-large shrimps.  However, sitting in the sauce, these were just succulent goodness.  After dipping my bread in the sauce, I just knew I scored a winner of a find in this place.  ~ Fried Catfish ($13.99) - with a side potato salad, tartar sauce, AND HUSHPUPPIES! with that MMM MMM honey butter!  I didn't expect the potato salad to have a cajun spice, but it did and it definitely was different. As for the catfish, they were crispy coated on the outside and soft on the inside. I enjoyed them!  ~ Baked Mac & Cheese ($5.99) with a crunchy parmesan crust. The pasta was only OK, but man, we really had no room left. We were trying so hard to not finish this cheesy crusty bowl of goodness lol.  ~ Beignets ($4.99) - PERFECT!!!  Eat'm and smile!  Beers:  ~ Abita Jockamo IPA ($4.99 / bottle) - Served ice cold, and was simply hoppy smooth!  Good choice with the shrimp! ~ Abita S.O.S. ($11.99 / 22oz) - Served ice cold, and also smooth!  I'm not usually a pilsner drinker, but this one was good.  Especially since it was a sunny day out.  A nice gold color too!  Overall, the place was definitely a surprise.  Meaning, the decor was somewhat unique and cool.  I would say, because of service; This would be a good choice for a second, or more perfect as a third date kind of place.  I wouldn't say it's really intimate or romantic, but it is a cool place to relax with an Abita beer and friends, while chowing down some deep-fried goodness.  Now, I assume that's where the term "southern comfort" comes from!  Enjoy!  

                This place has the best food I've had in a long time. The reason for not giving the 5th star is because the service was not that good. The hostess was not very attentive--but I'll cut her some slack because it was super busy. It's the waiter that I had a major issue with. He seemed so friendly to everyone around me, except me. He never asked if we needed refills for our drinks. He didn't give me the specials for the day; he didn't come back to ask if we liked the food once it was served. I'm not sure what the issue was since I barely had any interaction with him. Nevertheless, I left a tip that was comparable to his service--and I felt that still too much.   Great food; great environment; I wouldn't hesitate in going back--for the food, of course.  

                Absolutely delicious food! The jambalaya and the desserts are my favorite, but everything else is also incredible. There's always jazzy music playing and the ambiance is delightful.  

                This Place is off the Hook. Service is awesome. In the Heart of Berkeley. Best place to get your Cajun/Creole fix. I had the bbq shrimp and crawfish étouffée, ridiculously superb. Only thing that sucks is the metered & limited parking in front but it's not that expensive ; bring quarters or they take credit cards ...place receipt on your dashboard and your good to go.  

                Well, I cannot find too many bad things about this place.  Service has always been good.  Sometimes a little slow for the server to make the first contact at the table, but the restaurant is very busy.    I like their system where they will text you when the table becomes available.    I always order crawfish etoufee and it always tastes great and the portion is generous.  The only thing is a lot of table are made for 4 people.  If your party has only 2 people, you will probably be seated near the front door and I really don't like that.  Management, please understand it is hard to enjoy your food when you get the cold breeze every 30 seconds.  We saw people asked to move towards the back several of times for this same reason.  

                I have always enjoyed southern dishes and I have always been a fan of Angeline's!   Honestly, I'm writing this review mostly about how they made it easier for me to make food choices (Recently became Gluten Free) ... I mean, choices are limited but I appreciate that they offer a menu with allergy descriptions!!   If you don't have allergy restrictions, you can basically close your eyes and point and it will be delicious!!  

                You ever feel like you are the only person in the room who doesn't quite get what's going on? That pretty much sums up how I felt about my whole experience at Angeline's. With all these countless rave reviews you figure there had to be something to it!  You could chalk it up to what I ordered, an off day for me, or possible an off day in the kitchen but suffice to say I simply didn't agree with everyone else.   I decided to try their cup of gumbo + Cajun mixed grill (andouille sausage, baby back ribs w/house made bourbon BBQsauce, grilled shrimp over remoulade salad & potato salad  Gumbo-lacked a depth of savoriness and felt the dried spices left an abrasive finish to the sauce  Sausage-good hints of heat, certain areas overcharred but gave a good pop to the skin Ribs-slim portions, on the drier side, sauce was tangy with a decent hint of bourbon notes Grilled Shrimp-overcooked and lacked enough seasoning Remoulade salad-under dressed and under seasoned Potato salad-run of the mill, no highs or lows.   Service was spotty but props to the host stand. They were fair and accommodating people that seemed to manage the chaos well.   Overall Thoughts  Still trying to decipher what all the fuss is around Angeline's....you be the judge for yourself  

                This place. Their fried chicken. The service. So damn good.   I have been here many times, and I find myself almost ordering the fried chicken. It has great flavor, it's never greasy, and it's always moist. And the sauce. I'm not quite sure what it is -- something akin to a freshly made, flavorful 1000 Island sauce (I apologize to the chef for not describing this sauce properly) -- but it is so delicious. Compliments the chicken beautifully. The green beans have a great crunch and are salted well (if you're like my grandma and can't have too much salt, it's easy to ask for them without the salt). The mashed sweet potatoes are heavenly. I don't even normally like sweet potatoes, but this side dish was capable of exceeding my dislike for the food.   Another must-have: the mac-and-cheese. A side dish best shared or an entree all of it's own. It's so rich and creamy, and the parmesan on top adds a nice crispy layer.   The waiting staff has always been friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere is super chill. Great for bringing family, friends, or a date.  

                With almost 2500 reviews I doubt that I can add anything about Angeline's that hasn't been said before. It does see that the majority of the Yelp reviews are positive and so is mine.  The room is big and charming; S said it had a real New Orleans feel.  When we had lunch here we really went overboard. We ordered a lot and I mean more than we could even think of eating so we got a taste many of their specialties.  My favorite dish was the spicy wild mushroom jambalaya, my least favorite was the Angeline's gumbo with okra, Andouille, Tasso ham, & shrimp. The dark color reminded me of red beans and rice; it was only when I tasted shrimp that I realized it was gumbo. S liked both the Crawfish Etouffee over rice w/blue lake green beans w/parmesan. We also had a shrimp dish and salads and a couple of sides and dessert. The swamp water is a very refreshing combo of tea and lemonade it went so well with the food.   Way-way too much food for two people, however, we did have great meals with the leftovers for a week.  

                I really enjoyed this place.  We were in town visiting and decided to stop in and give Angeline's a try.  I've been to New Orleans a few times to see family, and I really think this place stands up to some of the restaurants I've tried there.  I ordered the cat fish, which was served with hush puppies.  Both were delicious.  I also had a bit of my friend's voodoo shrimp - those were cooked perfectly and really just tasted like high quality seafood.  It's hard to come across this type of food, especially prepared well, and I'd recommend giving them a shot!  

                Good quality food. Just order chicken and oyster or veggie jambalaya skip all others.  

                Great place! Lovely atmosphere: dim lighting, ambient music in the background, good food. The service was great and the food was good, though personally a little too salty for my tastes.  Appetizer: Hush Puppies - great! Flavor not to heavy and scrumptious with butter.  Entrees: Voodoo shrimp - the flavor was good, a bit spicy, but overall just a little TOO flavorful for me. Jambalaya - great kick to it! The flavor was really well done. I liked it more than the Voodoo shrimp, but once again pretty overwhelming on my tongue.  Dessert: Beignets - fluffy, sugary goodness. Probably my favorite. Just pillows of fluffy fried bread and powdered sugar. Hehe  Overall, great experience :D Just not my favorite as I am use to eating very lightly flavored food. However, that isn't a ding on their account. Great place to go! I would recommend it. But definitely not for those with a lighter palette.  

                I have dined here at least five time over the past 6 months and has always been a great experience! The service is consistently right - I highly recommend the Fried Chicken and Mac N' Cheese!!! Only shortfall is that the bar only serves beer and wine, which isn't a "make it or break it"; however could only imagine what sort of drinks could be made with the feel and vibe of the restaurant.  

                Hmm kind of was excited to actually see a place that claims to have legit Cajun food. Boy was I mistaken. First off I'm really picky when it comes to Cajun, I grew up eating real cajun food in New Orleans. With that being said this place is not authentic.Came here with my mother for dinner we had the Jambalaya, it was bland and really salty. Also had the fried cheese grits, which was probably the only highlight of the whole meal, they were pretty solid. The server made the mistake of saying they use french bread on their po'boys, FYI they don't, so you really aren't getting the real deal when it comes to New Orleans style po'boys.   I would only recommend this place for people that have truly never experienced cajun cuisine. If you have experienced it you will most likely be let down and overcharged for a mediocre dinner.  

                Angeline's was my favorite restaurant in Berkeley my freshman year! I love the Southern comfort foods that are offered here, and the ambiance (dim lighting, jazz/oldies music, French/southern decor) makes it perfect for a date, though it could be a bit pricy on a college student's budget.   My favorites here are the Penne Pasta - perfectly creamy and hardy, the bleu cheese gives it the perfect kick; and the Buttermilk Fried Chicken - delectably crispy batter on juicy chicken, plus the sweet mashed potatoes it comes with are to die for! They put vanilla and ginger in their sweet mashed potatoes, not enough to change the flavor entirely, but just hints of it to really bring out the sweetness. Seriously, if you decide to order a dish that doesn't come with sweet mashed potatoes, order it on the side! The Swamp Water is pretty good too - it's an Arnold Palmer, and it's a little on the sweeter side, but probably the best I've ever had.  

                Cardamon, cumin, Creole seasoning! I felt as if I was transported back to Louisiana. A friend and I were in the mood for something fried and bad for you to counteract the hangover to end all hangovers and I remembered they had amazing fried chicken!  This time I decided to try the voodoo shrimp, hush puppies, oyster po'boy, and gumbo. The hush puppies were sweet fried perfection, that that were crispy and light at the same time.  I was a bit hesitant about trying the oyster sandwich, but to my pleasant surprise it did not have a seafoody taste as was crispy and savory, followed by the pop of hot sauce.  However I think the winner had to be the voodoo shrimp! Although it's described as BBQ sauce it's anything but more like a burblanc  reduction. Mixed with the rice and paired with crunchy fresh green beans it was the perfect thing to cure my hangover maladies.  Finally we had to get the beignets to go! Still amazing 2 hours later but I'm sure they would be heaven on bourbon st when fresh.  Last note! Our server Kerry I think was her name was awesome! The light touch of friendly, prompt and water game on point she really made it a great experience and I will def come back!'  

                What a cute place! I really liked the decor and THE FOOD. I've never been to Louisiana, but if this place is true to its roots, then oh-yeah, I definitely want to go there to EAT. We split the Oyster Po'Boy and Shrimp Po'Boy. Delicious, especially on crisp toasted bread. I could have eaten it all! Nom nom nom. The side salad was tasty, too. Saturday lunch was super busy, so it took awhile to get our food, but it was worth the wait.  

                This is what I imagine a restaurant in New Orleans to operate and look like! I came here for my birthday just yesterday and it was quite random how I found the place. We were coming back from Tahoe and it decided I wanted some type of Cajun food and behold, this place pops up on Yelp!  To my surprise we didn't have to wait longer than 10 minutes to be seated and luckily we got there in time because around 7:00pm as we headed to our table, a crowd began to emerge. As we were seated, we were greeted almost right away by our server.    We started off with appetizers, the hush puppies and a cup of gumbo which many people recommended. The hush puppies were so good! I happen to really like corn bread and these hush puppies had a kick in them. Slightly salty and perfect with the honey butter! Also, when these babies came out, they were at the perfect temperature to eat. Not too hot and perfectly crispy! The gumbo on the other hand was more of a savory taste I enjoyed a lot as well. Little bites of meat with rice and a spicy kick at the end that lasted just long enough in your mouth!   For dinner, I ordered the Shrimp Creole because I love shrimp and wanted some vegetables on the side as well. This dish did NOT disappoint! Because my tolerance for spicy food isn't very high, this dish was a bit spicy for me. Aside from the spicy-ness, the shrimp were cooked perfectly, the long beans were seasoned well and the rice made a good sponge for the shrimp creole sauce! I also tried some of my friends buttermilk fried chicken and man does the boneless really make a difference! The chicken was tender and perfect with that ham gravy!! As for dessert, we ordered beignets which just like the pictures on yelp were drenched in powdered sugar.  The beignets were ok. I prefer a bit more of a fluffy texture to my desserts but overall this place was a great way for me to bring in my 25th birthday!!   Will definitely be back again and next time, I'm going to try the Jambalaya! :)  

                I don't even know what to say. This place is everything I dreamed it would be and more.   - Appetizers: The hush puppies are fantastic and fried to perfection. Crispy on the exterior, but a warm and slightly sweet interior.   - Entrees: I've tried the crawfish etouffee, which was spicy, flavorful, and cooked superbly with the fluffy rice. The jambalaya is probably the best I've had. The fried chicken with mashed sweet potatoes was also divine - the meat was crispy yet tender, while the mashed potatoes were creamy but not too sweet.   - Dessert: Sweet baby Jesus. The banana foster pudding with bourbon vanilla sauce is ridiculously good. The bread pudding was creamy and melted in your mouth, and the banana taste wasn't overpowering. I would come back to just have this dessert again. I really would.   The service is extremely attentive and friendly; they'll help you out if you can't decide what to order on the menu because of all the delicious options, and they even have free refills of sweet tea!  Angeline's, keep doin your thang. Keep on keepin' it creole.  

                This place is seriously delicious. I had a great dinner here!  We made a reservation via Yelp and it was perfect! My bf and I decided to check in early to see if we can get seated early, and they totally got us in. It was nice since the wait time would've been an hour and half long. The atmosphere was very casual and light, though very dim, but that kind of made the place very cozy and romantic.  I ordered:  Hush Puppies ($6): those were definitely delicious. I don't even like green onions, but they weren't as strong and so they were perfect.  Crawfish Etouffee: ($14) OMG!!!! SOOO DELICIOUS! I highly recommend this! There was so many crawfish meat and the rice was perfect and moist. The green beans were delicious and soft. The sauce is slightly spicy, just the way I like it.  Penne Pasta: ($12) This is the one dish that wasn't to my taste.... the blue cheese is mixed into the sauce, so if you don't like blue cheese don't get it. If you do like blue cheese or don't mind it, the sauce was creamy and the blue cheese wasn't overpowering, just a hint of flavor. The chicken was super moist.  Iced Tea: ($3) DELICIOUS! my bf and I couldn't stop drinking it.  Service was great too.  I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!!!!  

                I've been to Angeline's a couple more times since my first visit 3 years ago, and I'm definitely glad to have given good ol' Southern soul food another chance! Angeline's is a rock solid restaurant, and everybody seems to know that too - so you'll want to come here early (even at 5:30pm, you'll be waiting in line for half hour) and they'll only hold your table for 5 minutes when your name is called.  Fried catfish is amazing - they make it right here. Four piping hot catfish tenders that are flaky and juicy on the inside with a crunchy breaded exterior that didn't wet itself for the entire meal. A whole side of hush puppies (all six!) with honey butter on the side. And a side of potato salad that had just the right amount of kick to it. For a person who craves fried food every day, this was perfect!  IMO, I'd pass on the beignets. While the portion size is fantastic (four in a bowl), I wasn't impressed with the consistency. It tasted like a Chinese donut with super moist innards and the powdered sugar on top melts into this really thick glaze that makes it difficult to swallow. Stick with le seafood, and ye shall not be disappointed.  

                Great food, but the horrible service will keep you from coming back. Don't mind if they are busy, i just want the basics, you don't even get that.  

                The stuff is beautifully fried, and so wholesome it will leave you feeling beautiful.  Mansfield Score: 8/10  

                We had Buttermilk Fried Chicken and Cajun Combo and the food was ok. The menu isn't too extensive which can be a good thing, just make sure there's food you want to try. The fried chicken was decent, but nothing compared to southern fried Chicken you'd find at authentic places elsewhere. Perhaps the fried chicken is boneless, it turned out a little dry for our taste. The Cajun Combo on the other hand was good. Especially the pork ribs, I did not mind picking up the ribs to enjoy every single piece of meat. Was it appropriate for a lady in a dress? Probably not, but the pork ribs surely were the superstars for our meal. The grilled shrimps were well-seasoned serving with good potato salads and nicely cut lettuce.   Overall, worth a visit if you're craving Cajun food in a nice restaurant. Service was fast and friendly. They accept reservations and walk-ins. You'll get a text when your table is ready so you can browse around the busiest street in Berkeley.  

                I am giving Angeline's 5 stars for the deliciousness that they call their bread pudding.That being said, however, I am a big big fan of comfort food and the rest of their food definitely did not disappoint.  Things I recommend: -Hush Puppies (sweet but savory, and fried?? What's not to love?) -Gumbo (Great flavor and spice level. 10/10 would recommend) -Fried Chicken Po Boy (Crispy and very flavorful) -****ANGELINE'S BANANA FOSTER BREAD PUDDING***  Ok, their bread pudding gets a paragraph of its own because it's just THAT GOOD. Never have I ever tasted a bread pudding so soft, so creamy that it just melts in your mouth. You can taste the bananas in every bite, but it isn't so overpowering that you can't taste the rum. The bread pudding is on the sweeter side, but I love my desserts sweet, so I'm not complaining. Don't forget to ask for their bourbon-vanilla whipped cream. It's an extra $1, but trust me, it's SO worth it. Ugh my mouth is watering just writing about it..... I've also heard great things about their beignets, but I haven't gotten a chance to try them yet. I will have to come back soon to see what everyone's been raving about and to get myself more bread pudding!  

                They do offer a large amount of food for what you pay for which is great. However, I was a little disappointed with the dishes. I have had wonderful southern dishes in New Orleans and Mississippi and I was really thrown off. I was hoping for more bold creole flavors.  

                SO GOOD. If you have a hankering for Southern food (or comfort food in the form of seafood), come here. Nice big location with lots of tables, pretty interior/ambience, but above all, the food is heavenly.  I came here with three of my friends, and we shared the Voodoo Shrimp, Crawfish Etouffe, Jambalaya, and a side of brussel sprouts (because we had to get in our veggie serving, of course!). It was the perfect amount to stuff us + have a small box of leftovers. The prices look steep, but you really get a good amount of food per dish, and c'mon, it's seafood. All of the seafood dishes we tried have the same general warm spice undertone, but still distinctively flavored, which I found really impressive. The jambalaya is straight tomato flavor (not in a bad way, just trying to establish a baseline), the crawfish etouffe is creamier. and the voodoo shrimp is tangier.  Don't stuff yourself TOO full of entree because you must save room for dessert! Their cooked-to-order beignets are fluffy deliciousness SMOTHERED in powdered sugar. Absolutely perfect paired with a cup of coffee. I'm mentally salivating as I'm thinking about them, so please go and eat these so I can live vicariously through you.  

                I will be the person to write the 2606 review. This restaurant is worthy of a review and a detailed one at that.   Let's start with making a reservation first.  The place is busy and there wasn't an empty seat in the house.  We made a 7:30pm reservation and we were seated right away.   Our waitress was named Salem and not only was she gorgeous she was attentive to our table and was patient. She was able to make recommendations for her favorite dishes.   We placed our order the food came out in less than 10 minutes. So that says a lot about the cooks and the flow in the kitchen.  Our food was fresh and delicious. I enjoyed the fried chicken and my friend had the jambalaya with chicken. We als tried the baby ribs appetizer. Can I say everything was fresh and delicious.  I couldn't eat my entire dish! None of us could.   The atmosphere was gorgeous and the music they played was old school R&B. I loved it. I bet everything on their menu is good and I will find out and post a review about it. I will even post selfies with my food.   It is even a romantic place to go as well.  

                So.  Good.  I've been going here for the last 5 years or so and its never been a disappointment.  The food is excellent, and the service is pretty good too.  We got catering from them before (you have to pick up, but then the cost is pretty low, so there is a trade off) and it was just as good.  The catering order was ready on time.    I HAVE to get the hush puppies when I go, even if it means I take them home.  The fried chicken Po Boy is one of my faves!  

                Oh how I love Angeline's. I lived and worked in Berkeley up until about a year ago, and this is one of the places I miss the most. The food here is outstanding. I've had the hush puppies, brussels sprouts (sautéed in sage-garlic brown butter!), ribs, fried chicken po'boy, and the jambalaya. My friends have let me try the catfish (delicious) and I even liked the gumbo despite the fact that I'm not a fan of shrimp. All of this deliciousness can only be washed down with one things: Dixie Blackened Voodoo Ale.  Now lets get to the important part: dessert. I can't go here and not order the beignets. They come out hot with a huge pile of powdered sugar and they just melt in your mouth. I've tried ordering beignets elsewhere and they just don't compare to Angeline's. The chocolate cayenne cake and the pot de crème are both amazing too, but it's hard to order something other than beignets.   I've always had good service here and it's in a convenient location. Parking can be tough, but that's normal for Berkeley. I recommend Angeline's to all of my friends and family and, so far, no one has been disappointed. I can't wait to go back!  

                Before ordering, I asked for a separate check, and the waiter declined to give me one. Asked why, he said it was against management policy.  I told him (politely) that this restaurant is obviously run for the benefit of management and not the customers.  No water was brought to our table until we asked for it.  (Despite the drought, every restaurant I've been to here serves water unrequested.)  The food was good, the atmosphere so-so: it tries to create a new Orleans atmosphere by putting what look like pieces of streetcars on the walls.  

                If you're looking for spicy cajun, this is it! We came here before a concert in Berkeley and were kind of on a time crunch, we let the hostess know that and she informed the waitress, we were seated promptly and they were SO accomodating in getting our food out quick and perfect.  Extra tip for these ladies!  

                Angeline's Louisiana Kitchen serves really, really good Louisiana southern comfort food! It has a clean restaurant, fast and hospitable service, cool décor, and flavorful and reasonably priced food. That is how you run a business!  For dinner, I recommend you come really early, around 5:00 p.m., or reserve.  Food: To start dinner, I ordered a side of Angeline's Creole-style BBQ shrimp.  The BBQ sauce was AMAZING!!! It's spicy, but not too spicy. It's sweet, but not too sweet. I find it hard to describe this sauce, but it's on another level.   For the main course, I tasted the Crawfish Etouffee and Jambalaya. Both were great; full of flavor with a solid kick of spiciness.  Sides Notes  Ambiance: The décor had character and the restaurant was very clean. Additionally, this place was on the loud side, and the tables were placed fairly close to others.  Service: The service was exceptional! We were seated quickly; server had great energy, was very hospitable, and refilled drinks without being asked; and food was cooked in good time.  Overall: I highly recommend everyone try this place!  

                I'm inlove with this place. My first time here and I will definitely be back. I had the Gumbo , it was very good . It had a lot of flavor to it . It was spicy but enjoyable .... Only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because of the service . The waitress was nice but she didn't check on my table so much and it took them forever to check on us when we we're done eating ... Other then that everything was amazing . Very clean Restaurant and FOOD was amazing . I will be back real soon  

                Excellent Cajun food! So thankful we have a taste of New Orleans in the bay area. The red beans and rice here are amazing!! Whatever you order make sure you get an order of the red beans and rice. The hush puppies are delicious as well as the shrimp poh boy sandwich. The fried chicken here is delicious as well. I'm a sucker for beignets so I will order them wherever it is possible and this place has the best beignets I have ever had.   The inside has a nice homey feel and there can be a long wait depending on when you come so plan accordingly! There is metered parking in the area.  

                We had an hour wait (because it was Saturday night) and it was well worth it. Once we were seated, the staff was insanely helpful and quick, our food came within 10 minutes of us ordering it, and the waitress brought me a to-go box without me having to ask for one. Everyone was also very friendly and helpful.  The food was ridiculously delicious. We got the hush puppies, jambalaya, crawfish etouffee, and beignets. The swamp water wasn't anything to write home about. Everything else was fantastic.   We'll definitely be back!  

                Came here for dinner with a group of 6 on a Friday night and although we made reservations days in advance, the earliest we could be seated was 8pm. Unfortunately, gratuity is 18% for parties of 6 more. We did quite enjoy the food though.   The hush puppies were dense and flavorful with the green onions and whipped butter to dip. The fried chicken was not overly greasy and the breast meat was still tender. I'm big on not feeling heavy and greasy after a meal and I surprisingly did not after Angeline's. The green beans were well cooked, unlike many places which serve them soggy.   Of the gumbo and jambalaya, I preferred the jambalaya for it's more dynamic flavors.  The portions here are quite large and ordering two dishes for two people was plenty for us. We even had some leftovers. Beers come bottled with a mason jar mug to pour into. Great place for dates!  

                My go-to item at Angeline's is the buttermilk fried chicken! It's a generous serving that always leaves me feeling full. The chicken is perfectly cooked and not overdone or dry. My only gripe is the price (~$16/17) that is a bit higher than most of the other menu items.   Tip for birthday-goers: don't bring a cake unless you are going to hide it under the table! I came for a friend's birthday and we asked the waitress if she could put the cake in the fridge and bring it out later. We were charged a $2 cake fee per person at the table which we didn't know about.  

                I got the fried catfish and hush puppies. At first, I really liked them, but as I continued eating, I got sicker and sicker of them. Maybe I'm just not used to eating food like this, but by the end of the meal I couldn't finish my food, and I didn't feel so hot. I guess it was just way too much fried food and butter.   Service was okay, but I probably won't be back because there are less expensive and better fitting options for me.  

                Angeline's Louisiana Kitchen is all that!  You won't be disappointed.  I love their hush puppies and catfish..  Please make sure that you make reservation because the line is long and you may not get in.. at all.  Angeline's is in demand because the environment is classy and excellent for friends and family. I will be definitely be back!  The customer service is great!  

                My family loves this place. This was my first time here and I ordered Angeline's Gumbo, the flavor is very good--except I can't handle spicy foods, and this is SPICY! So beware all you fellow weaklings.  The fried chicken and ribs are delicious! (And not spicy) The mac'n'cheese is pretty good too! Come here early or make a reservation because it can get crowded fast!  

                Came here on a Saturday. We arrived at the right time. No line + No wait = Happy Customer :)  We ordered :  Hushpuppies - 5.99 = yummmm Rib Plate - 17.99 DELISIOUS!! (We shared and there was still left overs) Mac & Cheese - 5.99 (Server warned us that it was HOT, believe me.. IT WAS HOT!!) SOS 22oz - 11.99 (Shared this as well)  Overall the atmosphere was point on. It made us want to take a trip to Louisiana... One more thing added to my bucket list.  For dessert, we ended up eating ice cream across the street just for $1!  

                Food is always great but I don't appreciate the server that's always rushing us.  just because he thinks we're broke college students. And why am I sitting so close to people when it's not even that full?  

                I starved myself for half the day so I could fully and guiltlessly enjoy the buttermilk fried chicken. It was deliciously crispy and tender, but I didn't think the plate with its four pieces of chicken, small pile of beans, and mashed sweet potato that slightly resembles dorm food was worth the $17 I paid. The jambalaya was good, but a little too salty.   Food here is okay. Our waitress was very friendly. Service was a little slow, given that only half of the restaurant was full. In conclusion, it was an expensive way to fill my stomach, but at least it did the job.  

                My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and everything was so good! First of all, the atmosphere is great at night. I like the brick walls, low lighting, candles on the table kind of feel.   And now, FOOD: Grilled Boudin - Awesome, comes with really good coarse mustard Jambalaya - Holy crap, the flavor is insane. You get a very large bowl and the flavor is really intense, so it would be a good thing to share and eat with some smaller sides. Fried Catfish - Also yummy, the fish is nice and flaky and the batter has a nice flavor, too. I'm assuming the tartar sauce that comes with it is homemade, and it was really good (neither of us are huge fans of tartar sauce, and we loved it here). The catfish also comes with potato salad and hush puppies. GET SOME HUSH PUPPIES. Order a side of them or get a meal that has them because they are so great and they come with this awesome honey butter. Baked Mac n Cheese - This was really nice to eat with my jambalaya. The crust on top is great. I don't know what else to say, it was solid mac n cheese. Service:  The hostess was on the phone when we walked in, but she was still polite to us and acknowledged that we were there. There was no confusion about our reservation or anything, so they're probably organized on that front. Our waitress was very friendly. The order for our mac n cheese didn't go through with the rest of our order the first time, so she gave it to us for free because of the extended wait time. What I liked about how she handled it was that she communicated what was going on with our order and didn't just make us wait and wait for that item, which is always really annoying for me.  Overall, I would definitely come here again.  SUGGESTION: Make a reservation for dinner. I don't know how crowded it is during the week, but on a Saturday night the place was pretty busy, and we would have probably needed to wait a while if we didn't reserve a table earlier in the day.  

                I don't get the fascination with this place.  I just tried it once, and may try it again, but my first experience was lackluster at best.  The food was ok, but certainly not good or great.  The service was HORRIBLE.  We had flag down a server just to get one water refill, got the wrong food and then had to wait almost ten minutes for them to find the right food, and had to wait 20+ minutes for the check!  I understand they were busy, and it could be an anomaly, so when I eventually get a craving for Cajun, I may try it again, but it has some redemption to do.  

                Now..I've never had authentic Louisiana cuisine before, so I'm not sure if what I had at Angeline's could compare. But I thought it was quite good! I got the gumbo and my friend got the jambalaya. Portion is veryyyy generous - a huge bowl filled almost to the brim. I happily finished my entire bowl because I was starving and it was just really good! It had a good kick to it too - leaving that warm feeling. My friend's jambalaya was pretty tasty too - lots of shredded meat (I forget what kind of meat...probably beef?). I would definitely come here again to try the other items on their menu - everything sounded great!   Great customer service as well :)!  

                Taste of Louisiana, simply said!    Every recommendation was sound by staff, and reservation was worth the wait!  From the beer brought in, to the beignets...it was a dining experience!  

                We were looking for a new place to try after New Year's Day and I remembered seeing Angeline's on "Check Please Bay Area". Because we called so late, we couldn't get a reservation but the hostess suggested we come down and get on the wait list. That was a wonderful suggestion; we only waited about 25 minutes.   The food was delicious and the reviews were right on. I loved the Oyster Po'Boy and the Crawfish etoufee was a winner. My only complaint was that the Fried Chicken was all white meat - I wish there was a thigh.  We will definitely be back.  

                Fantastic food!  I loved the fried chicken plate and the hot, bubbling mac n' cheese was heavenly.  One warning:  this place is very loud...too loud for going with my kiddo who had a complete meltdown on account of the volume.  I'd recommend for dates or small groups though!  

                I've been here several times in the last year or two, and it's a great pre-show dinner so long as you make one of the few available reservations at 5 or 5:30pm (though, while most of the Cal students are gone this summer it didn't seem people were waiting long for a table).   But their rule about not seating incomplete (reserved) parties seems arbitrary at best and frustrating at worst. The table is still there, with a reserved sign, unused, while half our party arrived early. Why not start getting those present to buy drinks or appetizers? You'd really rather the table sit empty and your guests sit in the cramped waiting area? To be fair I've been able to order a drink in the waiting area, but I had to interrupt the hostess to ask and there wasn't a place to set it down or get comfortable.    I get this type of rule for some circumstances (walk-ins, for example) but it seems excessive to apply across the board.  On the food: the fried chicken is a common favorite, but if you don't enjoy sweet/savory combos the sweet potatoes will throw you off. My current favorite is the voodoo shrimp. Very filling, but not so heavy I fall asleep later. The crawfish étouffée is plated identically as the voodoo but with crawfish. Our table for 4 will usually split hush puppies and the fried grits appetizers as well, which gives variety in flavor and texture to what might be too one-note on the mains.   Overall the food is worth a visit but not a long wait. (Then again, I generally won't wait more than 30 minutes to be seated anywhere, so.)  

                This review is long overdue.  I may be one of the few people who isn't impressed with Angeline's.    Let me first say that YOU DO NOT need to order a separate hush puppies app starter if you order the fried catfish entree (it comes with them already). Unlike what others have stated, mine were dry and over fried, nothing amazing or mind blowing (maybe the kitchen just had a bad night?). The catfish was on the drier end, kind of disappointed and wished it was more juicy.  The buttermilk fried chicken did far better as the breast meat was very moist. It also came with an abundance of green beans which was nice because everything seemed fried or oily or just heavy. I'd recommend this dish.  The sautéed brussels sprouts cooked w/ garlic butter....I'd skip this/it was just okay. It was just swarming in an overload of butter and oil...  

                Food was great. Greatly recommend this place for the ambiance.  However, my experience was ruined by the fact they sat us right next to a couple. Felt like we were sharing a table. Literally 15 cm next to the adjacent table.  

                We have not been to anywhere nearly as good as Angeline's for great Louisianan food. The fried chicken is fantastic so is everything else we have had so far. The fried cheese grits with the crawfish etoufee is just mouth sex. The environment is fun and the wait times are nothing to complain about. The price isn't steep for the quality and the service is attentive. Some of the servers are more enthusiastic than others but the food is so good it is hardly an issue. We will come here again and again !  

                Great place .. We grabbed a little bit of everything .. For starters we had the hush puppies .. They were crispy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside....great with butter..we also had the BBQ ribs ..they were tender with a good sauce... For dinner we order the fried chicken.. it was lightly battered and butterflied breast pieces with mac and cheese also very good .. It had a light crust on top and nice and creamy on the inside.  

                Nine friends and I ate at Angeline's last night. The service was great although be aware for big parties they won't seat you until everyone has arrived, which is fine. Everyone raves about the fried chicken and now I know why. It's boneless skinless chicken breast with a light buttermilk batter over an amazing gravy, a generous side of sweet potato mash and green beans. It's a healthy serving and so good I ate every bite. Others ordered the ribs (nice touch that they slice them for you.  Not fatty at all. Great bbq space and I'm picky), jambalaya, gumbo and the Voo Doo shrimp. The sauce was so good I'll go back for the shrimp. They all spoke highly of their meals. I'll be back soon!  

                On Saturday, 8/16/14, my girlfriend and I at at Angeline's Louisiana Kitchen for dinner.   Atmosphere/Decor:  I like the set up of this restaurant a lot. It was really dim inside but with enough lighting to see clearly throughout the restaurant. There was a decent sized bar where you can sit and eat at as well. The kitchen is located right next to the bar. I liked the music they played during our time there. There was a lot of cool decor throughout the restaurant. There were various light fixtures on the walls and a lamp type of light at certain tables. I noticed lit up chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. I also liked the pinkish purple alligator that was hanging above the kitchen.   Food:  My girlfriend and I started out with a few appetizers. We ordered the Hush Puppies (traditional cornmeal fritters w/honey butter), Red Beans and Rice (smoked ham hock, garlic & sage) and the Country Ranch Salad (iceberg, applewood double smoked bacon, croutons & buttermilk dressing.) The Hush Puppies were pretty good. They were fried perfectly and the honey butter made them taste even better. The Red Beans and Rice were excellent!  The shredded smoked ham hock was so tasty so darn good! The red beans and rice tasted really good too. This was a great dish. The Country Ranch Salad was good. It was very simple. I think it would of been better with ranch dressing instead of buttermilk dressing.   For my entree I ordered the Buttermilk Fried Chicken (boneless breast w/ginger-vanilla sweet potato mash, tasso ham cream gravy & Blue Lake green beans w/parmesan) and a side of Baked Mac and Cheese (w/crunchy parmesan crust.) Omg! The Buttermilk Fried Chicken was delicious! They use all white meat for their fried chicken. I liked how the chicken was boneless. The batter was cooked perfectly and didn't fall apart once you cut into the chicken. The gravy was loaded with flavor and tasted so good with the Buttermilk Fried Chicken. The Fried Chicken was insanely good, definitely one of the best Fried Chickens I've ever tasted! I consider myself a sweet potato fanatic since I eat them every day in my diet. I feel like the sweet potatoes feel short. I didn't like the texture or favor of the sweet potato mash. You couldn't taste the ginger-vanilla and the sweet potatoes were too dense and dry. The Mac and Cheese was pretty good. It was cheesy and flavorful.   My girlfriend ordered the Baby Back Ribs (a half-slab grilled till crisp with a side of potato salad.) You could literally smell the aroma of the ribs from across the table. My girlfriend liked the ribs a lot and said they tasted really good. We compare ribs to Texas Roadhouse Ribs because they are fall off the bone and delicious. In my opinion Angeline's Baby Back Ribs are the best ribs I've ever eaten in my life! They were loaded with flavor and tasted amazing! The sauce was so decadent and the meat was very juicy and tender. The ribs had a lot of meat on the bone. Perfect meat to fat ratio. Damn these ribs were so good! The potato salad had a kick to it but overall it tasted really good.  Service:  Our waitress Linda was excellent! The restaurant was jammed packed! We had to wait about 20 minutes before we were seated. It took a few minutes for Linda to come to our table but we understood due to the high volume of customers. We had enough time to eat and finish our appetizers before our entrees came out. Linda checked on us throughout our dinner and made sure the food was to our liking.   Overall:  Angeline's Louisiana Kitchen is one of the best restaurants in Berkeley I've ever been too. This is a great comfort food restaurant.  The food was excellent! This will be my new go to restaurant in Berkeley. Can't wait to go back and eat their delicious Fried Chicken and Ribs! If you want tasty scrumptious food give Angeline's Louisiana Kitchen a try.  

                From the first time I came to Angeline's in 2011, the restaurant was small and felt crowded.  Since then they have expanded and took over the space next door.  I love the new place because you more spacious and you don't feel as cramped as the old place.  The ambiance at Angeline's reminds me of New Orleans.  Having been to New Orlean's, I've always looked for a place that could live up to that standard for Cajun food.  I finally found that with Angeline's.  From the gumbo to jambalaya to the hush puppies, you cant go wrong with any of these dishes.  Normally my girlfriend likes to order the jambalaya so I go with the catfish because we absolutely love the hush puppies.    The hush puppies are my favorite thing on the menu.  Best way to describe it is cornbread in the shapes of donut holes.  The cornbread is moist inside with a perfectly fried exterior.  The garlic herb butter really enhances the cornbread consistency.  Tastes like heaven in your mouth.  The catfish dish is just average but its so much better with getting 5 hush puppies with it.  The catfish is just okay and the cole slaw is not my favorite.  Next time I will probably just order the hush puppies appetizer and explore the menu for other great food.  The jambalaya here is a lot more mild than the other places that I've tried in the Bay Area.  This is a good thing for me because I can still taste the spices and seasoning they use without my tongue being totally burnt over from it being so spicy.  Their sausages in the dish are average but the dish still tastes great.    The mac and cheese for appetizer/share dish here is good.  The portion size might be a little small but it has a great cheesy flavor and the crusted breadcrumbs on top.  This is how mac and cheese should taste like.  Very similar to Homeroom in Oakland.  Beignets are a perfect way to end the meal.  You get 4 fried clouds of heaven coated with a generous portion of powdered sugar.  Yum.    I would recommend Angelines to everyone.  

                You can't get any better than this! Talk about comfort food that is top notch! I come here every time I am in town.  I think I have sampled everything on the menu and everything is incredible!  Tonight was the first time I tried the fried chicken! Woo hoo was it spectacular!  I don't ever even eat chicken, but something about the 4th of July (today) made me feel like fried chicken. The portion was enough to split and the flavor was awesome!   The best part of all is that I will have left overs and I get to enjoy this fabulous meal again tomorrow!  I also need to mention the service was outstanding and I had the sweetest and most attentive server. You must ask for her next time you're in, she knows the menu completely and can advise you well. She was a delight and her name is Nadine.  Next time you're in tell her I sent you!  

                Food here is great! My fiancé and I ordered the arugula salad and hush puppies to start off and both starters were perfect to our tastings! For our entrees we ordered the fried chicken which came with a side of Parmesan green beans and sweet mashed sweet potatoes and the Cajun mixed grill with the fixings! The Cajun mixed grill consisted of juicy andouille sausage, shrimp and sweet baby back ribs with a side of potato salad! Lastly for dessert we could not leave without ordering beignets! I was way too full to take another bite and it came in a bowl with 4 huge beignets! Food was great, service was great only thing missing from making this review a 5 star is bigger tables!  

