                We hired Ann to cater our wedding.   We were thoroughly impressed with the result!!  We had gone pretty far down the line with another SF caterer that ended up with a quote that was much higher than we had outlined.  That is when our search for another caterer began and we are so thankful we found Ann!  We ended up having a Mexican theme with stations and mix and mingle standing/seating format. The food was off the hook - steak tacos, poblano peppers with cheese, limoncito rice balls... Yum!! We had so many compliments on the food, everyone loved it! People are still taking about the tres leche cupcakes.   The staff was outstanding and really made the night.  Alejandro was our favorite!  I have done event planning for a living for close to a decade. You know a good caterer when you see one - Ann is the real deal at a steal of the price. If you're planning your wedding I highly recommend Ann!  

                Sadly, I didn't get the chance to work with them for my wedding.  I was trying to get some pricing from different caterers for price comparison for my wedding in Sept 2015. I contacted them back in early 2014, took them about a month to reply back to me to say my wedding is too far out for a proper pricing which I completely understand. They suggested me to contact them within the year out from my wedding so I wrote them another email for a proposal in Oct 2014. It's now the end of January and I still haven't heard back. HMMM.......way to keep in touch with your potential client.  For someone who will be a HUGE part of the wedding (not to mention I would have to pay an estimate of over $10K), I would assume I deserve the respect of two way communication. So far, it looks like I gave them too much respect.  

                Ann catered our 10/11/2014 wedding at Fort Mason.  Prior to picking her, she invited us over for  a very hospitable tasting at her home in SF.  Aside from being a lovely lady, the food was phenomenal.  She was able to cater to our tastes, recommend foods that were in season and fresh for our fall wedding, and gave us valuable recommendations for purchasing beverages.  The day of the wedding, her crew was on it.  The night was flawless and we received so many compliments about how tasty the food was.  AWC helps to make the wedding night and the food one you will never forget!  

                I saw AWC mentioned on Chowhound's discussion boards as a good caterer for people who like food-- so I was tickled when they were recommended by my venue.  I didn't actually consume any of the food at my wedding, but Ann's staff kindly boxed up some of the leftovers, which I did munch on at the hotel afterward (what I tried was FANTASTIC). All of my guests raved about how delicious the food was.  For their part, working with Ann & Morgan was great. I outsourced the tasting to my mother-in-law, as I planned the wedding from 3,000 miles away. AWC was quite tolerant of the distance and responsive via email.   Most importantly, the staff were the sweetest, most professional and awesome wedding catering staff ever. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.  

                Ann and Morgan catered our wedding on June 2nd. There were 3 stages to the process:     The Meeting: Ann and Morgan are great people. Though they seemed to have been doing this for some time and probably have their routine and own ideas about how the final day will be run, they were patient and open to suggestions and ideas we had. My better half would consider me quite picky and opinionated when it comes to taste. I also came in with a relatively low expectation since I've rarely had great food at a large event such as a wedding. During our tasting I was pleasantly surprised and was looking forward to the food at our wedding; what little we had time to eat. More importantly I felt that we had chosen the right people to cater our wedding.      The Time in-Between: This was the only part of the process where expectations were not met. Communication and our correspondences between Ann and Morgan seemed to be out of step. We would make a decision on something with Morgan that did not seem to get to Ann and vice versa. Therefore we had to go back cover everything again. This happened enough to be noticeable and did cause some frustration; probably on both ends.      The Finish: The execution the day off was fantastic; no hiccups. The food was very good and many of our guests commented on it. The staff was great and took care of small details which arose without our knowledge such as making a side meal for a guest of ours whom didn't state his dietary restrictions prior to our wedding. We couldn't of been more pleased with the work they and their staff did.       I would highly recommend Ann, Morgan and team for any event. They delivered what we were looking for and their staff went beyond expectations.  

                Morgan and Ann catered my wedding in July of this year. We went with Mexican cuisine since we were moving to Mexico City afterwards. My dad went to the Theological Seminary in Marin, so I shopped around for the best vendors in the area. I found what I was looking for with Ann Walker Catering! Not only was the food superb, but the service and price couldn't be beat. We had a nachos bar, gazpacho for an appetizer (best gazpacho ever!), fish tacos, and stuffed chiles. My fiancé and I got so many compliments from our guests. We wanted the recipes afterwards- it was that good. I found out that Ann Walker has many books published with her recipes included. She has definitely traveled and knows her food. Our waiters and bartenders were flawless on the day of our wedding. I don't have enough good things to say about AWC. If your wedding is in the area- definitely look no further. xo,  Lisa & Ryan  

                After several tastings, we were beginning to feel like we were priced out of caterers who could cook the kind of local, delicious food we wanted for our celebration. We tasted a lot of stale tartlets and weird saucy chicken dishes. Then we found Ann Walker. From the moment we tasted Ann and Morgan's delicious food in the treetops of San Anselmo, we knew we had found the perfect caterer for our wedding.   Ann is a world traveler, and it is reflected in her menu. We chose to order the limoncitos, Mexican green rice balls with goat cheese, which were out of this world. So was the skewered shrimp and salsa brava, and the fig and Point Reyes blue cheese tartlets.  Our wedding guests raved about the main dishes-- the wildcaught salmon melted in your mouth and the hangar steak with chimmichuri was perfect. The epi loaves made the tables look striking, and the service was absolutely impeccable.  More than that, Ann and Morgan were incredibly patient and accommodating. We must have changed our menu a million times, and they were kind each time we made a switch. Since we purchased our own alcohol, they gave us plenty of guidance on quantity and ice. Further, our wedding took place in a building without air conditioning at the height of a heat wave. They stayed positive, worked hard, and created an absolutely lovely affair.  We knew it was a good sign when the site director for our venue was willing to waive the insurance deposit for Ann Walker. That level of trust between vendors is so telling. We also heard it from the owner of another property in Point Reyes. We were eavesdropping on her advising her own niece on the best caterers in the north Bay. We feel so lucky to have had Ann and Morgan make our celebration memorable!  

                If there was one thing we never worried about for our wedding reception last weekend, it was the dinner. Ann Walker Catering knew exactly what to do, when, and was flexible enough during the event to accomodate the inevitable changes in schedule when speeches run long or people run late to the event.  When we were planning our wedding, we had a few important criteria, and frankly we were unsure as to whether we'd manage to find a caterer who could meet them all:  1) we wanted someone affordable who 2) could provide high-end meals that were 3) locally or sustainably sourced and who 4) were not some faceless corporation and who 5) were good enough at what they did and professional enough that we could focus on other aspects of the wedding and ultimately enjoy the reception when it happened.  We met with or contacted at least six or seven caterers, some of whom could deliver on a few of these criteria.  AWC was able to deliver on all of them.    We met Ann and her son, Morgan for a tasting and were immediately impressed with their professionalism, excellent food and knowledge of the catering industry.  Ann and Morgan were also very knowledgeable about our venue (Ralston White Retreat; see accompanying review).  We were also very impressed with Ann's flexibility in ensuring that we could have an excellent, memorable meal at a price point we could afford. She knows her business inside-out, and after our tasting meeting we felt that we would have no problem with the food.  Ann and Morgan were both always available for questions and highly responsive to emails, phone calls, and were willing to visit the Ralston Retreat with us to ensure the planning went smoothly.  We were continually impressed with the knowledge, flexibility and kindness of both individuals.  Day of, we came back from the ceremony to find everything in working order.  Tables perfectly set, food perfectly prepared. We brought our own wine and beer, and the staff located everything in our absence and put together a wonderfully run bar.  Ann and Morgan were not personally present at the reception, but the day's manager Erik and his staff were just as knowledgeable, friendly and professional, and all conducted themselves to the highest standards and produced an incredible meal that was considered by our guests to be the best wedding meal they'd had.   I have nothing but good things to say about AWC. Between them and the Ralston Retreat, they put together a perfect wedding day that will be remembered by all who were there. Absolutely recommended.  

                I just attended a wedding catered by Ann Walker. They are just amazing. I really loved their catering team, their presentation and their food. The food was so delicious! Ann Walker is also very knowledgeable and can accommodate different cultural preferences.  

                I loved working with Ann Walker and I think she has a calming presence and really wonderful ideas about food. If we could have had more preliminary meetings with her we would have because they were so pleasant :) I really enjoyed discussing food with her and planning a menu together for our wedding. She was patient as we made many changes along the way.   If plating and presentation are a priority to you it would be worth bringing up these things before your event. Have a talk with the caterers on site about how you expect things to go so that you aren't disapointed by their serving style or the appearance of the tasty, rustic food. I was happy with our menu but thought it could have looked better or been presented in a grander fashion. If you're looking for 'WOW' catering I might not choose this team. If, though, you're looking for delicous, thoughtful menus I would definitely go with Ann Walker catering.  

                Ann and Morgan are both just fantastic! They catered for our wedding in august last year and we were so pleased! They are incredibly nice, easy going, accommodating, creative with dishes, flexible with pretty much everything, and make delicious food!   Food: Good quality and fresh ingredients. Creative with dishes to get us to the right price point. And, even made some extra mushroom cakes for us to pick up afterwards since we didn't get a chance to eat any at our wedding. Our problem when creating the menu was that we ended up liking too many items and had to pare our choices down! In the end, we did food stations (Italian, Spanish/Mexican, and Asian). It was awesome.  Working with them: They made our job to pick the food easy. They provided lots of options based on the main ingredients we liked, gave us multiple tastings, provided different menu options at different prices with constant iterations by us over email, and was just so flexible to meet our needs. I couldn't speak more highly of the Ann and Morgan duo!  

                Anne Walker recently catered our wedding for 230 people and did an amazing job.  She worked with us on the menu and was able to create a very appetizing menu within our budget.   Her grilled polenta was a guest favorite, and the oyster shucker on her staff is amazing.  We heard from numerous guests that it was the best wedding food they had ever had.  They also took special care to incorporate foods that were personal to us into the menu.  The only issues were a few small communication problems and an issue  with vegetarian plates, but overall she still warrants 5 stars.  

                Finding a wedding caterer for two foodies on a budget is not easy.  After many disappointments we met Ann Walker.  Her grace and patience immediately put us at ease.  Before tasting the food we were sold.   Then the food came out.  One more delicious than the last.  It was a wonderful chore to choose our menu.  With her help we chose a beautiful selection of food, chairs, linens, and cake.  She was respectful and honest about our budget.  Ann and Morgan were helpful and available for the planning, day of, and after. Our Wedding day was absolutely beautiful...AWC Catering helped to create our perfect wedding.  The food was amazing, and presented beautifully.  The staff was terrific--smiling, friendly, and attentive.  Our guests complimented them to no end.  They even packed us a to bag with wine, dinner, and cupcakes for our car!   These wonderful people know how to throw a great wedding!  

                We tasted quite a few different caterers' food prior to choosing Ann Walker for our wedding. None compared to Ann and Morgan's food. Other caterers made good food that tasted like they meant business. But Ann had a love of food and depth of understanding that translated to art in the mouth. Her food was dynamic, creative, and utterly delicious. We only wish that she had her own restaurant because one day of her food was not enough!  Our favorite dishes were the mind-blowing prawns with salsa brava (I do NOT know how she made prawns taste that good), the ceviche, and the 5 spice beef sliders. We also got many compliments on the corn, coconut, and lemongrass soup shots, shiitake mushroom cakes, and "the best ever" rosemary apricot scones. We received compliments on the food from nearly every guest and are still receiving them weeks later. I could go on and on about the food...  She was easy to work with, reasonably priced, and responsible. The staff from AWC took care of everything on my wedding day and I had no worries. You will not regret choosing Ann. I would without a doubt book her again!  

                What can be said about Ann / Morgan and there team which has not been said yet I don't know. They were fantastic to work with, very fairly priced and the food was awesome! Thanks again so much, you guys rock!  

                My husband and i just married at the Presidio in October. Our engagement was a year long which included many meetings and emails with all of our vendors. One of our vendors was AWC with Ann and Morgan. From our first email, to the tasting, to on-site meetings and finally to our wonderful wedding, each ran smoothly and enjoyed! Our food was delicious and service was impeccable. Our guests raved about the delicious appetizers (highlight for me: empanada filled with goat cheese, dates and chorizo) and dinner (highlight for husband: juicy pork loin on braised cabbage w/applewood bacon and drizzled w/pan juices). Ann, Morgan and their staff were so easy to work with from the beginning to the end. We are so lucky they were able to add to our very perfect day. And (MAJOR) bonus, we were able to take (a lot of) yummy leftovers to our minimoon in Tahoe. (Note: Ann usually works with a linen rental company, as well as a Branching Out Cakes -- both were great and highly recommended!)  

                Ann Walker Catering did an amazing job in helping us to execute a flawless wedding. Starting with our first tasting we knew Ann Walker was IT. We got married at the Brazilian Room in Berkeley, which meant that we had a list of 12 local caterers to choose from. Out of the six caterers that we visited, Ann Walker made us feel the most at home and blew us away with the food. First off, we loved that AWC catering is a mother and son team. They exuded teamwork and familial camaraderie. With other catering companies we felt like we were receiving a big pitch from an employee working the regular nine to five. Beyond the great vibe we got from AWC, the food was delish! The food that the Walkers served really felt like it was made with love, which was completely absent from other caterers we visited.   We started our wedding planning about eight months prior to the event and met in person with Anne and Morgan on four or five separate occasions. Their door always seems to be open for a meeting and they are more than happy to talk about new ideas via email or on the phone.   We wanted to incorporate Asian and Cuban elements into our menu, and Anne was able to dream up some wonderful offerings. They also suggested that we have a family style service rather than buffet or full table service. It was a great recommendation because it got guests talking to each other and partaking in the sharing of food. Six months later I still have guests telling me how much they loved the food.  

                I can't even begin to say how incredibly wonderful Ann Walker Catering is.   We wanted something pretty specific for the food at our wedding - basically a high-end, Mexican-inspired, family-style menu. Luckily for us, Ann and Morgan offer just this and I found them pretty easily online. From our first meeting, Ann was not only happy to talk with us about the menu but she actually seemed genuinely excited about it, which really put me at ease and made me feel excited, too. She is so creative and offered wonderful suggestions on everything from the beverages to the linens that really helped me to bring the party together. The woman knows her food and drink, and it's exceedingly clear that she's been doing this for a while. I planned the wedding from afar, but I was always able to get in touch with her and she made time in her schedule to meet me for walk-throughs whenever I was up in Sonoma even at odd times, including a day after Christmas.  Most importantly--the FOOD. I have had dozens of people tell me it was the best food they've ever had at a wedding, and this is coming from a group of serious foodies as well as wine and food professionals, including professional chefs (I am in the biz, too). It exceeded my expectations. It is really, really hard to serve fish to 130 people and not overcook it. They did it. Every single thing we had--and we had a lot--was exceptional. Honestly, I wish I had some of the roasted mushrooms right now, they were that good. People are still talking about the chili relleno and the salmon with mango salsa. The pork melted in your mouth. Everything was fresh and outstanding, even the tortillas and butter. We had agreed to have chips and salsa on the bar, for example. I pictured some chips and one big salsa. Ann had three varieties of salsa up there! While the wedding party was taking pictures, my brother ran outside from the reception just to tell me how great the salsa and margaritas were. Above and beyond.  Finally, and I know i am ranting, she did a fantastic job managing her servers. She exceeded my expectations here as well. Everyone seemed dialed in, everyone had smiles on. Ann and I never discussed this, but my husband and I were given our own server - Alejandro - who was incredibly attentive. We each had a full glass of each wine being served, our meals were plated instead of sharing the family style, and we were never wanting for water. He was so awesome and so nice. This was one of the little things that totally made the night.   We had one very minor miscommunication about the linen color at one point, and it is kind of a pain to write all the servers their own checks (I think I wrote 14 checks the day of the wedding), which is her policy, but I get why she does it that way and these little nuisances seem like a small price to pay for the quality of food and service at the wedding. Which, incidentally, was very affordable by Bay Area standards.   I highly recommend!  

                We've used Ann Walker Catering for 2 events and they are amazing. One event was a Spanish full-service lunch, and the other was a passed dinner with Asian and Latin flavors.   Planning is easy with Morgan, as he walks through all of the details and gives a written proposal. Pricing is right - they are competitive with their peers. But for the most important parts -- food & service -- hands down, they rock. The food is really tasty - guests from both of my events still rave about it. From the paella to the potato and mexican chorizo empanadillas, all I can say is yum yum yum. Plus, the service is outstanding -- Morgan, Roger & Sam are very accomodating, professional, and a fun bunch to work with.  I was looking for a full end-to-event service -- from rentals through to catering -- and both events went off without a hitch and done very elegantly. Everything was setup and cleaned up before I knew it.   I'll definitely use them again and highly recommend them to anyone looking to throw a nice, hands-free affair.   I posted some photos of the paella and the dessert...yummy!  

                okay, tons of great reviews. the only thing i could possibly add is this: years after our wedding, our friends still remember the food.   oh, and ann and morgan are very accommodating and offer great suggestions. thanks!  

                We had a great experience with Ann Walker and her son Morgan.  As many others have noted, the food is fantastic (really quality ingredients), and the price is reasonable (especially compared to what else is out there!), so when we met them, and they are easygoing, interesting to talk to, and love what they do, why would we look any further?  As others have also said, our wedding guests keep talking about how good the food was, and we have to agree!  We chose a Spanish menu because travel there was an important part of our early relationship, and Morgan's food was even better (especially the spinach/goat cheese/pine nut/raisin croquetas, the blue cheese/chorizo empanadillas, the paella, the eggplant toasts, patatas bravas, so many things!) than what we had when we were living there!!  Originally we were going to skip desserts, and just have wedding cake, but when they suggested what they could do (flan with strawberries?  chocolate ganache tartlettes with salt?), we couldn't resist and our guests devoured them!  Ann was so pleasant to spend time with, we actually looked forward to our meetings!  And Morgan was all smiles and warmth from our first appointment through the night of our event; his crew executes everything smoothly within a tight timeframe and in a small, crowded space--what professionals!  Ann also recommended our cake vendor, who we loved.  Overall, we are huge fans of Ann Walker catering!!  

                Here is some of the delicious food Ann and her son Morgan provided for our wedding in early September:  shiitake mushroom cakes--they are as good as everyone says and really they are a big part of what sealed the deal for us during our tasting.  One of my groom's relatives said she could hardly keep herself from eating the whole platter!  oysters--we had a lightening-fast oyster shucker who made sure to set aside some oysters for me and my groom during the reception.  While he was shucking, he spent time entertaining our guests with information about the oysters, and "tested" my groom and me on whether we liked the same type of oyster (we didn't!) and on whether we could identify the oysters he taught us by taste.  He added quite a lot to the vibe and atmosphere of our wedding.  gazpacho--probably the best I've ever had.  Smooth and savory.  I also appreciated the ripe and perfectly diced heirloom tomatoes.  five-spice braised beef brisket with Szechuan peppercorn mayonnaise--complex, flavorful, original with unexpected notes.  I also received compliments on the teriyaki glazed baked whole salmon ("awesome") and my groom was impressed with the Thai butter lettuce cups.  Ann Walker's staff also brought rental furniture to the venue and set up the ceremony chairs and reception tables beautifully and efficiently.  Even though I decided to go with a local bakery for my dessert buffet, Morgan lent us some lovely cake platters to display the desserts, which was a very nice and thoughtful touch.   In addition to the food and service, what I really like about Ann Walker is how transparent she is about costs.  Take a look at her website, and you will see a "work sheet" she provides for calculating food costs, service, etc.  Before the wedding, Morgan provided us with a very detailed invoice.  They didn't spring any hidden charges on us, and I especially liked that the gratuities for staff were already built into the total invoice.  She has very reasonable prices (one of our other vendors commented on this as well).  But most of all, my guests loved the food, so I do recommend Ann Walker Catering.  

                This review is LONG overdue, but I can't say enough good things about Ann and her son Morgan.  I would give them 10 stars if I could.  We had our wedding in May at the Log Cabin in the Presidio... it was PERFECT and Ann Walker Catering deserves a LOT of the credit!!!  First of all, I want to stress that they were one of the very FEW caterers I found that were reasonably priced.  They were also amazing about trying to work within our budget.  But when it came to making a final decision, it was the food that won us over.  We could have gone cheaper but the food would have been really unexciting... and for me that would have been a bit sad since I LOVE FOOD!!!  The other thing that was great about Ann was that we didn't need a day-of-coordinator because she was on top of everything.   She was also wonderful before the wedding.   She met with me a few times to discuss details and was always prompt about getting back to me whenever I emailed or called with questions.   She also had lots of great advice when I asked "do we need this" or "what's the best way to do that"... it's almost like she had a calming effect whenever we spoke.    After the wedding, we received lots of compliments on the food.  And the staff that was there day-of was awesome!  They did a fabulous job setting up and I had several guests comment how nice and friendly everyone was.  I also loved how they put together plates for us and put them at our table during dinner.  That actually forced us to eat!    All in all, I would recommend Ann and her team in a heartbeat.  They really made the whole wedding planning craziness less crazy.  Thanks again Ann & Morgan--you guys are the best!!!  

                Ann Walker, and her son Morgan, catered our daughter's wedding two weeks ago. She also catered the pre-nuptual dinner the night before.  She and her staff are extremely professional.  The food at the prenuptial (Paella and Spanish appetizers) and the wedding (steak, salmon, salads, and varied appetizers) were even BETTER than at the tasting.  Ann and Morgan are flexible and respond quickly to requests and concerns. Our event was at a lodge in Guerneville and it was not an easy place to serve.  But, the staff pulled it off flawlessly!  I would highly recommend them for any event.  

                I needed a caterer for my wedding who could do vegan food.  My wife did extensive searching and this one came up.  We tasted at a few other places too, but liked AWC the best, and they had decent prices.  Other than how the food tasted we were impressed by Anne's attitude.  She seemed like she could handle all the chaos and coordinate all the other vendors.  And that's just what happened.  While Anne herself was not there at the reception, her staff was awesome and anticipated just about everything.  I dropped off stuff for them (candles, favors, etc) in the afternoon at the venue and very briefly gave instructions for them and when I came back for the actual reception everything was perfect.  Everyone loved the food.  We had lots of comments before the wedding about how people were going to order pizza or something, but we got unsolicited compliments from each of these cynics.  I think it really opened a lot of people's eyes to what vegan food can be.  So all in all, I couldn't ask for more.  

                We had Ann Walker catering for our wedding on July 21st and they did an amazing job! They were sooo easy to work with, stayed true to price quotes and everyone raved about the food! Really delicious, healthy food with a huge variety to choose from. Highly recommend Ann and Morgan and their team!  

                If you have the opportunity to work with Ann and her son Morgan, I would highly recommend taking it.   AWC is a mother/son team who complement each other very well. From our first visit with them at our tasting, they were very hospitable and Ann took time to ask about our family food traditions. She created a menu for our wedding that was pleasing to our less adventurous family members, vegans, children, and foodies alike. She made great suggestions for the menu but also helped us with drink pairings, a wonderful floor plan, and reception details. My husband and I had never been to a wedding where the food was served family style, but when we told her we didn't want anyone to be the 'last table', she recommended that we consider family style and it was great. Less wasted food, people who wanted seconds had their fill, and everyone was served at the same time. She also recommended we consider a sweetheart table since we didn't have a wedding party and it gave us a chance to catch our breath and enjoy the amazing food - small details we wouldn't have known to ask for that she was already on top of in planning. They were also very responsive to phone calls and emails.  The day-of was so stress free for us. The wait staff was spectacular! They were attentive without being obtrusive and considered every detail. We received many compliments on the food and they continue to pour in. Ann and Morgan were also very thorough in their proposal to ensure that there were no hidden fees. We knew after our last talk with Ann and Morgan that we could relax at the reception - they had everything covered.   After the wedding day, we found out there had been an accident on the Golden Gate Bridge that caused a few of our friends to run a bit late. Ann happened to be making the last trip up to the venue when she saw our three friends running up the hill to the chapel and she was so kind that she stopped and gave them a ride so they could get to the church on time! I would recommend AWC to anyone looking for a caterer.  

                We chose Ann Walker Catering for our October 2008 wedding at Lake Temescal Beach House.  Lake Temescal is part of the East Bay Regional Park District and for catered events they require the use of one of their 12 approved caterers. Of the 12, (we tasted and met with 8 on the list), Ann Walker's food was far and away the best, most interesting, and on target with our theme and taste.  We were planning a Mexican food / themed wedding and when Ann's son and catering chef, Morgan, who we met at a Brazilian Room wedding fair, told us that Ann had traveled extensively in Mexico and written books on Mexican cuisine and tequila, we were sold!  Ann worked with us for over 6 months to create an interesting and casual menu.  She understood what we were looking for; good, authentic, high-quality, unfussy, fun food.  She created an amazing agua fresca for the day - cucumber, lime, and chili, which our guests raved over.  And the hors d'oeuvres were incredible:  - Crab and corn cakes with tomatillo salsa - Puff pastry crescents filled with blue cheese, dates and chorizo (MMMMMMMMMMM!!!!?!?!) - Mini cheese tamales with Mole Rojo sauce  The taco buffet (a nod to East Oakland taco trucks who we would have loved to cater the wedding if not for the approved caterer rule), included carnitas (delicious and moist - no small feat for a catered event), shredded chicken, homemade guacamole and salsas, Mexican crema, roasted veggies with pepitas, beans, rice, and the best damn pickled red onions I've ever had.  I'd walk over hot coals to get more of those onions!  There were a few hiccups along the way, as is to be expected when planning a wedding, but Ann and her staff went out of their way to rectify any issues.  Ann went so far as to meet us at our home after a scheduling glitch caused a missed appointment.  When a vegetarian dish was forgotten the day of the wedding  they contacted us the next day and provided a refund without being asked.  She and her staff were communicative, flexible, creative, enthusiastic and professional.  When we talk to our friends about our wedding the second thing they say (after how much fun they had) was how much they enjoyed the excellent food.  And that's saying a lot when you consider most of our guests live and eat in the Bay area and know good food!  We HIGHLY recommend Ann Walker Catering and wouldn't hesitate using them again, although hopefully it won't be for another wedding!  

                I am writing this review from a planner's perspective as I just had the great opportunity to work with Ann and her team this past weekend at the Brazil Room in the Berkeley Hills of Berkeley, CA.  From email communications leading up to the wedding for this past weekend, Ann and Morgan have been so great in communicating with us all the details for using the Brazil Room as the caterers are the ones in charge of the facility for the "day of".  They were great in working with us in accommodating the needs of the Bride and Groom and were always quick with their response.  My 5 star review really goes out to the "day of" management and performance of their team, which was A-list all the way.  They were absolutely, amazingly efficient and time conscious in the little amount of time that we were allotted in setting up the facility and had everything set up the way that the Bride and Groom had wanted it to be.  In addition, their service throughout the day was impeccable.  Every single staff member, from the Banquet Manager, Karen, to any wait staff, held the same level of professionalism and everyone was ready to cater to any needs that our group had immediately with a smile on their face.  It was truly amazing and a treat to work with such a great staff!  The food was also delicious.  The Bride and Groom had chosen an Asian Flight menu and, being Asian myself, I was pleasantly surprised with how wonderful the flavors were.  We had a great time at the wedding with all the food and festivities and I really have to say that the AWC staff were rockstars that day in accomplishing a flawless event for our Bride and Groom.  Thanks AWC for being awesome and for being so good at what you do!  

                We used Ann Walker early May for our wedding. This is something quick, but will expand more when i have time-apologies in advance for poor grammar, fragments, etc..  We were between one other caterer and Ann Walker.  Ann Walker won because they specialize in family style dinner service and their food was more elegantly and creatively executed.  My mom was adamantly against buffet service and Sweetie wanted lots of food because his side is used to massive buffets (Hawaii) and my side 9 courses (Chinese style).  Ann and Morgan were very accomodating.  For instance, they served some dishes with nuts on the side for my guests with nut allergies. They have impeccable taste and lots of experience.   One of my regrets regarding our wedding is that I don't have pictures of the food.  I am going to ask my guests to see if anyone took pictures.  If so, I will post.    We had beef filet, halibut, thai noodles, salad, asparagus.  Heard many compliments about the beef and halibut.  Appetizer advice: get the corn soup shot!!  We also had thai sticks and the duck rolls.  I was one of those silly brides that didn't eat much.  What I did taste, I did like... the beef was super tender, soup shot was amazing and dairy free.      One thing I have to say about Ann and Morgan is I felt I could  trust them. We were in good hands.  Food was paramount.  We wanted it good, plentiful and lovely and that's how it turned out.  

                we used ann for our wedding at the brazil room last month. she worked with us to create a menu that fit our vision and budget. she was flexible and helpful along the way as we changed our mind a few times. the actual day went flawlessly. we never had to worry about anything or try and manage her staff. they just knew what we wanted and made it happen.  would definitely use her again and recommend her for any events.  

                ONE OF MY BEST BITES FOR JULY 2007 - JUNE 2008 The shittake mushroom cakes with black bean aioli blew us away at our tasting with Ann Walker, and they blew our guests away when we served them at our wedding. We even froze a bunch after the wedding - they're still good but not the same without the aioli. (This is our only way to hold on to the taste of those excellent cakes since Ann Walker doesn't have a restaurant we can go in to dine.)   In fact, as we speak there are two remaining ones in our freezer. Our wedding was in August 2007. You do the math.  

                Ann, Morgan and her whole staff were amazing.  To be honest, we originally picked them because, although the food was great at the tasting, they were also the best priced.  And who remembers food at weddings, anyway???  Well, it's been one year since that wedding, and my guests are STILL talking about the food! The tri-tip and chimichurri sauce were cooked to perfection (as were the prosciutto wrapped scallops and salmon), the organic vegetables and fresh cheeses were melt-in-your mouth delicious, and her staff handled everything seamlessly.  We got married at the Outdoor Arts Club, which she and her staff were very familiar with the location (it does have a huge, great kitchen) and helped wrap everything up at the end of the night for family members to take home.  Seriously - hire Ann Walker Catering - you won't regret it.  Ann - please teach me how to cook your dishes!!!  

                I guess the best way to review Ann Walker Catering is simply to say that our guests seemed to love the food.  I was initially going to attribute that to standard wedding guest over-statement.  But when a friend, and notable food curmudgeon, a week after the wedding made a point of saying, unrequested, that it was the best wedding food he'd eaten, that sealed it for me: Ann Walker cooks really good food.  And at an affordable price in the scheme of wedding catering.  I will also say that Ann (and her son Morgan) were incredibly accommodating.  When my father decided he wanted to bake 8 cheesecakes for the wedding, and my then-fiancee, now-wife had visions of my dad in our tiny little kitchen baking until 4 in the morning the night before the wedding, Ann offered us the use of her industrial kitchen for the project.  Just a really good job by Ann Walker and her staff at our wedding.  

                What a smooth and easy wedding. Thanks Ann Walker Catering for making it happen.  I didn't even notice them, but really enjoyed the food. Isn't that how it's supposed to be?  Just enjoy the wedding and let the food follow, or something like that.    Also, communication was also very easy.  I flooded them with emails, and I always got a quick, detailed response.  (Of course there were issues with spelling in emails, but if the food's good, why worry?)  When you meet Ann Walker, you'll be sold.  The tasting was a great experience and we were ready to sign her up by the end of the appetizers.  

                Ann and her staff are wonderful to work with, their food is the best I have ever tasted, and  they are extremely proffesional almost perfectionists to the last detail.  I give her a 5 Stars.  Annabella  

                AWC catering provided exceptional food and bar service at our wedding. Everything went well because they made it so. Oyster bar was phenomenal. Can recommend it to anyone.  

                Ann Walker and staff were fabulous. Ann catered our wedding in August 2007. We had an outdoor hors d'oeuvres reception at Shakespeare Garden in Golden Gate Park. For adults we had peach crostini with thyme scented goat cheese, small rolls filled with slow cooked pork with mustard, Ahi tuna poke on sesame toasts, ceviche passed in porcelain spoons, Shiitake mushroom cakes dabbed with Chinese black bean aioli. I actually got to eat some of the food at our wedding and it was delicious.  Ann's staff actually prepared for us a to-go bag, but we were heading to our dinner reception and had no where to store the goodies.  I wish I could have eaten the leftovers!  For the children, Ann prepared cream cheese and jam sandwiches.  The tasting a couple of months prior was amazing, too.  I remember having the Shiitake mushroom cakes and bunch of other appetizers. We tried a total of 6 different appetizers.  Don't remember what they were, but I remember they were all delicious.  Besides the amazing food, Ann was a one stop shop.  She took care of the beverages, but gave us the option to bring our own beverages with no corkage fee. We decided it would be less of a hassle for Ann to take of the beverages. The beverage price including champagne was very reasonable. It was so reasonable, when we got the cost for the beverages, we thought they had forgotten about the champagne.  Ann also took care of our chairs, tables, and setup. They did not charge us to setup per chair like some places do. They also took care of our sound equipment (a mic and 2 speakers).  We ordered our cake from somewhere else and they didn't have a cake cutting fee.  The serving staff was professional and friendly.  Ann's food was delicious. The prices was more than reasonable. There was no extra fee for this or that.  The entire staff was great and very helpful. If I ever need a caterer, I would hire Ann in a heart beat.  

                We used Ann Walker Catering for our wedding in Sonoma County and we were thrilled with everything.  First was the planning stage.  We went to their kitchen and sampled a bunch of different foods to find the right combination we were looking for.  Ann and Morgan were so helpful, thinking ahead of what would be in season at the time and coming up with some really unique dishes.  Ann was such a huge help in deciding on tables, chairs, linen, dishes, etc.  For the groom, these things are usually a bore, but they made it fun and pleasant.  Next up was the site inspection.  Morgan came up and checked out the ranch we were having the party at and drew everything out, made lots of suggestions, had us even change a few things to make everything flow more smoothly.  He was a huge help to us.  When the big day finally arrived, we had rain!  It had not rained up there at the end of May in the last ten years.  The staff arrived and asked me one time, "Do you have a Plan B for the rain?"  I said no, and they just said "Ok, we'll make this work".  They then did everything they could to keep things dry, keep things moving and flowing and keep the guests happy.  Our wedding plans were completely thrown out the window and the whole day was as fluid as could be, trying to get lunch in during the breaks in the rain and keeping people warm with heat lamps.  So many people came up to us during and after the wedding commenting on how nice they all were and how great the food was.  They truly became part of the wedding and made our day possible.    I could mention so many great things about them, but all you need to know is this.  Great Service, Great Food, Great Attitude.  A pleasure to work with and I hope to use them again for future events!  

                Huh, looks like I'm the only reviewer so far who's actually had Ann cater my wedding. Woo married life! :)  We chose Ann Walker to cater our wedding on the advice of a friend's sister who hired Ann for her own incredibly fabulous wedding and swore that Ann was not only the best caterer, but also the most affordable.  I can't vouch for the price comparison because once we had a tasting with Ann, we knew we didn't have to look any further. A tasting with Ann is a foodie's dream; Ann is passionate about food, and deeply knowledgeable about things like what food is fresh and in season when, and how to work around dietary restrictions (significant people at the wedding included someone who couldn't eat gluten, and someone who was lactose intolerant and allergic to soy).  And yes, the catering at the wedding went off without a hitch! Here's our menu, to give you an idea of what AWC can do:  Appetizers:  - crostini with Spanish eggplant salad  - carrot soup shots topped with cardamom oil - fava bean salad  - bruschetta with fresh mint  Buffet:  - marinated and grilled boneless breasts of chicken, served with a sauce of olives and preserved lemon - grilled seasonal vegetables sprinkled with gremolata - couscous with fresh herbs /field greens tossed with fresh raspberries, toasted pecans and orange raspberry - vinaigrette crusty breads and sweet butter  Dessert:  - Chocolate ginger cake - strawberries dipped in dark Chocolate  

                The company I work for has used Ann Walker for many years to cater staff meetings, conferences, events, etc.  I had the pleasure of interfacing with them for our holiday party this weekend and their stellar food and service  made it obvious why they are a company favorite.  Our event was a bit chaotic and their staff's calm, professional, and helpful attitude really helped keep things smooth.  The food was spectacular, really top notch stuff.  The desert was to die for.    In planning the event the weeks prior they left no stone unturned.  They thought of everything we could have needed and were prompt and reliable in their communications.  The execution was flawless.    Truly a pleasure to work with and I wouldn't hesitate to work with them again or recommend them.  

                AWC catered my wedding at the Brazil Room and they actually exceeded my expectations if that's possible! The staff was extremely professional and accommodating and the food was fantastic. Ann was a pleasure to work with leading up to the event itself too. I asked lots and lots of questions and she always replied immediately. I'm thrilled that we chose AWC. Still thinking about those delicious corn soup shots...  

                Ann Walker catered our wedding at the Brazil Room in August 2010. The food was fantastic - we did an all vegetarian wedding, and our guests raved about how wonderful it was. Ann and Morgan were wonderful to work with, and the staff at our event was outstanding. Though we had a couple of small miscommunications in the process of planning, overall we were very pleased with the quality of work and food. We would recommend them to anyone.  

                I am so happy that Ann Walker just catered my wedding.  I chose her based on her great food, emphasis on local and organic, my ability to buy my own beverages and cake, and her deep knowledge of my venue.  Food was a top priority for me so I knew the caterer was important, but I had no idea just how critical it would be.  I had to constantly ask her endless questions throughout the many months of the planning process.  Everything else hinged on questions for the caterer - i.e. when to deliver flowers, will this wine work, table seating, etc. etc.  I  am so grateful I chose Ann Walker because she was absolutely responsive and wonderful to deal with.  She made my life and wedding easier and better.  She was my favorite vendor to work with out of 10-plus vendors.   And although I barely got to enjoy my meal that day, guests have been raving about the food!  

                you are truly amazing!!! ann walker catered our wedding on july 9th.   first of all the tasting was sooo good, we asked for Moroccan food which is very hard to make. it was so good we couldn't wait for the wedding.  throughout the whole process, they were very professional and easy to work with, my emails were always answered quickly. when you are a bride you have a million things to deal, they have a lot of experience so they def know what they are doing!  on the day of the wedding, they were on time and awesome. the food were so good, my husband's family who are from morocco had to thanked and meet the chef! everyone raved about the food. AND the food came out hot which is rare at a wedding.    will def use them again for future events.  

                My husband and I hired Ann Walker Catering for our recent wedding. They were absolutely phenomenal. Morgan was extremely nice and wonderful to work with and he answered all of our questions with humor, kindness, and in a timely manner. The food was unbelievable. We had a fun Southern-style menu with crab cakes, pulled pork, shrimp and grits, friend chicken sandwiches, and veggies. They were willing to experiment and the execution was perfect. Several of our guests said it was the best wedding food they had ever had. The mac and cheese was to die for. If you are looking for a wedding vendor that delivers with a smile at a very affordable cost, Ann Walker Catering is for you. I would use them again in a heartbeat.  

                I was married 3 weeks ago and Ann Walker Catering provided the food and service for the reception. They did an OUTSTANDING job. Not only was their food great (which wasn't easy because not only are we vegan, I have a funky bladder condition that prohibits me from eating onions, citrus, chocolate, and everything good), but the staff were so fun and pleasent (and amazing professional)! We had a blast at our wedding, so much so that when it was time to cut the cake my new hubs and I were drinking and dancing so hard that it was difficult to get our attention. Still, AWC's staff member very gently reminded us (he had to a few times--such patience!) that it was cake-cutting time. They were also in and out on time and without a hitch!  Great food + great staff = A great choice  Thanks AWC!  

                We talked with a lot of caterers for our summer 2012 wedding, but Ann instantly got both our sensibility and our budget.  We went for a California French menu, and she and her son Morgan were both patient and practical in their recommendations along the way.  We put together a family-style menu:  duck with figs, stuffed trout, and corn and chevre clafouti.  Nobody could believe it was wedding food...our guests just raved!  I'll confess that the only thing holding me back from a 5-star rating was the staff; while perfectly congenial, they were a bit laid back in the set-up.  I found out later that my friends and family had to really crack the whip to get them moving on table/chair set-up just so the rest of our decorations could be in place on time.  Otherwise, they were perfectly nice.  The more important point is that, for $58 per person, we had mind-blowing food that our guests would be hard-pressed to find in Berkeley's best restaurants.  Really lovely, and Ann was fun to work with at every turn.  

                I have to say I was very disappointed with Ann Walker catering.  After we approached them about catering for our wedding at the Brazil Room, we were invited in for a tasting.  When we arrived they were very hospitable, however the tasting they provided was none of the foods we had told them we were interested in for our event.  In fact, they were what seemed like reheated appetizers of the exact foods we told them we were not interested in (Latin and Asian foods), in addition they were not very good either.  But, they were freindly and I liked their personalities plus they were about $1000 less than another quote we got.   I wanted to give them another chance so I asked about having another tasting with the foods that we're interested in serving at our wedding.  With a bit of attitude they responded and said if we pay $100.  We decided it would be a good investment, as we want to have nice quality food for our guests.  When I replied and said that would be fine when could we do it, they never got back to me and it's been two months. I find this very bad customer service and not a good omen for how they be to work with leading up to and on the day of the event.     In the end we went with another caterer (Blue Heron) who were always responsive, helpful AND gave us a tasting of any six items off their menu and we were allowed to bring up to 4 guests for the tasting.  They are more pricey than Ann Walker, but I'd rather have excellent customer care than deal with flaky a vendor.  

                Ann Walker is great. She responded to our emails promptly and spent more than two hours with us at the tasting. The quality of the food we had was outstanding. Ann is good at making recommendations about menu choices and is flexible. We loved the appetizers at our cocktail hour (ceviche in porcelain spoons and latkes with salsa verde). The staff that served the main meal was outstanding. We had a family style Mexican meal that was just outstanding. The guests were enamored with the food. Ann sticks to the budget which was well appreciated!  

                I wish I could write more...but here's why I gave one star: I'm shopping caterers for our wedding. I called AW and left a message. No response. I called again and left another message. No response. Nuff said.  

                Just had my retirement party and Ann   catered it. her organization was outstanding! her price was more reasonable than several of her competitors and her food  drew raves from our guests. how many caterers would tell one " you have more than enough food-don't order any more". recommend highly without reservation!  

                To say Ann, Morgan and their staff are stellar would be an understatement--they really saved the day! We experienced freezing rain and even hail, and while we did plan for potential showers, we didn't realize how freezing and wet it would be inside the tent. Both Ann and Morgan came to help set up with an extra flap for our tent, their very own pop-up tents, tarps, towels, and heaters to ensure that the event would go smoothly. Their staff was like one harmonious, upbeat instrument. They were warm, friendly, efficient and immensely talented. The food was absolutely delicious and appealed to both kids and adults, which was quite a feat! The buffet was remarkably efficient, thanks to David Isler, who kept it moving with diplomacy and good humor. When the party died down, they cleaned up as quickly as Mary Poppins. Hard to believe how they did it, but they did. From start to finish, everything was absolutely beautiful, delicious, and elegant. Many thanks to Ann, Morgan, and their truly exceptional staff. I highly recommend Ann Walker catering. Their prices are incredibly fair and they're just the sort of fine folk we feel proud to support.  

                Amazing food!  We went to a tasting, and sampled some of the items that were going to that night's event, and some of the items from our suggested menu.  Everything was fabulous.  We met with Ann and her son (clearly I'm not good with names), and they were both very gracious and very knowledgeable and accommodating (we wanted a vegetarian menu).  Definitely ask to try the Cabrales (a blue cheese) with membrillo (quince paste) on crostini appetizer, its so amazing!  I really don't think you can go wrong with Ann Walker Catering.  

                They cattered our 100-person  wedding in Sebastopol, CA  last weekend.  They did an excellent job.  Professional, friendly, tasteful, and fairly priced.  No cake cutting charge.  No corkage fees.  The spinach pesto rolls were a great hit.  I'd use them again.  

                I haven't worked with Ann Walker, but I did get to sample some of her food at the Catalan Festival this year at Gloria Ferrer.  The fideua with lemon allioli and montaditos were perfect, and arguably the most authentically Catalan food at the event.  Yum!  

                Nearly everyone I know: friends, coworkers, the baker who made my cake..they all told me to call Ann Walker catering right off the bat. Initially I assumed someone that praised must be expensive so instead I spent an entire month calling around getting quotes from various other caterers. Long story short I should not have made assumptions and I should have saved myself a month of precious wedding planning time and just gone straight to Ann Walker. They deserve every bit of praise that I had heard about. During the pre-planning my husband and I did a tasting and met with Ann and Morgan, they were extremely friendly, accommodating and the food was DELICIOUS! They worked with us to create a special menu for my vegetarian preference and my not entirely vegetarian guests. In the final days leading up to the wedding they were beyond patient with my last minute tweaks to the head count, rental adjustments, etc. And on the big day they were absolutely seamless, I was completely and utterly blown away by how professional the crew was and how much my guests enjoyed the food. I am so thankful to have been able to work with Ann and Morgan. My wedding day was absolutely stress free and people are still talking about how much they loved the food and our wedding was back in July! I highly recommend Ann Walker and her crew, save yourself some wedding planning time and call her first!  

                Ann Walker Catering was fabulous at Heather's wedding! Family style serving great and details handled with other vendors at the site. Food was plentiful and delicious!! Raves from people who attended. Soulful. Highly recommended. From: Mother of the Bride.  

                I also had the experience of calling and leaving a message and having no reply. When upwards of  $10,000 is a stake, I don't think I should have to beg for a reply. We were bummed though, because it seems like this should be a good caterer (based on other reviewers.) Maybe they just need to hire an office assistant.  

                morgan is cute.  hire him to prep & serve.  

                My husband and I hired Ann Walker Catering to cater our wedding at Falkirk July 4th and I cannot say enough great things about them.  My family and friends are all real foodies and the food was hands down fabulous!  I am still getting emails and calls from guests raving about the food.  Ann and Morgan were super helpful and really put my mind at ease as they clearly were experienced.  They also handled all of the ceremony and reception set up without any members of our family or wedding party needing to assist.  They even made us up a plate of food so we could actually eat at our own wedding.   It was a perfect wedding and I would hire them again in a heartbeat to cater our next event.  

                Ann is fabulous.  We had fantastic appetizers (samosas, chicken satay, peach and chevre tartlets, arancini), and a great family style dinner (heirloom tomatoes, roasted veggies, wild salmon, and grilled pork loin).  All of the food got rave reviews from our foodie relatives.  The event went incredibly smoothly, and her staff is so professional.  Everyone always says that something goes wrong at a wedding, but we really didn't have any problems, and a large part of that was Ann and Morgan. We'd hire them again in a second!  

