                Staying out here in Westley on the I-5, there is not much out here as far as food besides a Denny's and all the fast food you can eat. But a bright light of real food comes to you in the way of Antojitos Mexican. It's located just north of the fast food places, just past the intersection to the freeway. Just next to the Subway.   Wow, you want authentic, this is it. Good prices and tasty food and Yes, it does help if you speak Spanish. The cashier taking orders speaks English, but the rest of the staff and customers weren't speaking and English. This must be a good place to eat!   It was a great place to eat. I got a chorizo burrito and my BF had pork in green chili sauce. That was some good stuff. I thought I was in Mexico. OK, now back to my hotel with the big rigs rumbling by.  

                FAMILY RUN AND OPERATED.  Wow. What a great find! This place is simple, fast, cheap, authentic and has great customer service. $6.50 for my carne asada super burrito. YUM. I wish I had a spot like this in my neighborhood!  *hard to spot, it shares the same building as subway.  

                Veggie burrito was awesome ...not just shredded lettuce. It was grilled onions and peppers, could have used more beans though. They should have a salsa bar.  Bathroom could use alot of help...toxic mess.  

                Awesome! Just awesome. My boyfriend and i have been trying to find authentic Mexican and this is it! This is the best mexican food I've had so far in northern California  

                Don't let the construction fool you! These guys are definitely open, you just have to look for them. As you exit the freeway, go towards the McDonalds and Subway. Antojitos is actually in the same building as Subway but will be the first part of the building in the right hand side of the road.  Very friend staff, big portions and great food. My wife and I stopped here as we were driving down to Lancaster (from San Francisco) for the weekend. Cheap gas stations too ($3.47 / gallon if you use your Safeway rewards points) so be sure to fill up your car's tank after you fill up yours!  

                This was the highlight of my trip when we drove down from the Bay Area to LA, thanks to Yelp. This is a bit hidden, and is located next to the Subway. This place doesn't have the big, bright neon signs that Subway and McDonald's have, and doesn't look super nice from the outside, but the food is leaps and bounds better than eating a burger or mediocre sandwich.  This place has real Mexican food, and some of the best I've had, at inexpensive prices. For 5 of us, we paid $35 and left with full and happy stomaches.   I got a gordita ($3.50) with chicken, and it was very indulgent and delicious. Forget any notion of Taco Bell gordtas here, and think of a deep fried pillowy, soft cloud-like corn dough sandwich, stuffed with tender and well-seasoned meat, lettuce, salsa.   I also had a piece of a carne asada quesadilla, which was good and not skimpy on the meat, but I prefer the gordita to the quesadilla.  The gordita is not healthy by any means, but ignore the deep fried grease on the wrapper and just embrace the deliciousness you can't just get anywhere else. If you're driving on the I-5, make sure this place is a place you stop at. It's open till 10:30 pm (at least on a Friday). If you choose McDonald's or Subway instead of this place, you should be ashamed of yourself for spending more money to eat worse food.  

                If you are looking for "real" Mexican food on your way to North or South of CA, this is it. Owner is very friendly, food is home made and fresh. Tortillas are hand made. Yummy!  

                I drove down to L.A. today and decided to go here instead of the Subway next door.  Boy, I'm glad I did.  The chicken torta was probably one of the best I ever had.  Everything you could ask for in torta.  Fresh ingredients, tender meat.  I don't think I'm ever going to pack food for the central valley haul again.  

                4 kids, 2 adults (includes one infant and one nursing mom)   Needed to stop for lunch before the long haul to SoCal. So worth it!  Google maps/address on yelp led us astray. Followed yelper directions-left at McDonalds and by subway-thanks!  For $35 out the door, we got: 8 tacos (fish, carne asada, tongue)-all good but I loved the fish. 1 chile relleno-I don't know what this is supposed to taste like so I'll withhold my opinion 1 beef soup- tastes the way my abuela would make it if I were mexican and had an abuela 1 large pineapple aqua frescas- just sweet enough, I don't like my juices too sweet 12 fresh tortillas to go because they were that good   In case you're skeptical about this place (cuz I was-I mean, good food in the middle of nowhere?), give it a try. It's at least a world better than your other options at this stop.  

                My boyfriend and I stopped here on the way to LA for the weekend after reading the other positive reviews on yelp and they didn't disappoint!  I had a burrito with delicious al pastor and my boyfriend had some chicken enchiladas. Both of us cleaned our plates.  We will definitely stop here again on our next trip down the 5.  

                Delicious. Everyone is happy. Great way to start a trip. I can't believe anyone would consider the other junk food options. Are you kidding me.. McD's or Subwy or Carls yuck Junior.  

                The food here is great, I mistakenly put a bad review that was meant for another restaurant  

                It's not secret that the drive from Sacramento to LA along I5 is long and boring with very few places to stop and get a decent bite to eat.  This past weekend my husband pulled off into one of these nameless clusters of gas stations and fast food joints to fill up and get some food, I protested feeling like I remember hating this particular cluster - although, thinking back that might just be my feeling about the entire drive.   I saw the sign for Antojitos and thought tacos and a horchata sounded good, so we went in. Despite having a worn-look, the establishment was clean. The staff we very friendly and kind and while they were fresh out of Horchata, we placed our order for a couple chicken tacos and a burrito.   The food was up quickly and we got back in the car to continue our god-aweful journey. Upon unfolding the tin foil and munching down on the corn tortilla and spicy chicken meats, my tastebuds were met with a flavorful delight.   It will now be the place we stop on our way to and from LA. It's been decided.  

                Just found this hidden gem while driving down I-5. Excellent mexican food! We had the carnitas gordito and a grilled chicken quesadilla. The gordito was mouth watering! We'll definitely stop here again when driving in the area.  

                I've never been happier with Mexican soups than this place. It's basically a Mexican truck stop, but we'll worth the limited ambience. Run by a family that piits quality first: fresh tortillas made on site, soup stock to die for, authentic salsas, and sopes.  

                On a recent trip from L.A. to S.F., I found myself hungry close to but still over an hour away from our destination. My boyfriend pointed to a Subway sign and made a quick decision to pull off the highway. I wanted to eat but was not at all excited about Subway. Then I saw the sign for Antojitos and abruptly ordered him to stop. He is not a big fan of Mexican food so it took a minute to convince him that we should give the place a try.  From top to bottom, this place is amazing. A lively and very clean little restaurant with a smiling, friendly owner. They do speak mostly Spanish here but then again, this place is authentic. We decided to share pork chile verde and chatted with the owner after ordering but before we'd even paid, our food was being delivered to our table. They make thick tortillas to order that are so scrumptious, it's worth coming just for these. The meat was cooked on the bone, old world style, and was to die for. On the way out, we ordered a horchata for dessert and our new friend threw in fresh squeezed cantaloupe juice. Yum.  We liked the food so much that we made a point of coming back on the return trip. This time we were hungrier and ordered carne asada and chile rellenos. Both were incredibly delicious. We met the owner's daughter, had a couple of beers and felt like we were with family. I wish I lived closer but will visit Antonitos at every opportunity.  

                What.... is this random mexican place in the MIDDLE of nowhere!? A WONDERFUL PITSTOP ON YOUR DRIVE TO AND FROM SOCAL/NORCAL!  Carne asada gordita was huge, and delicious. The carne asada super burrito is very similar to your typical sized burrito from that awesome hole in the wall mexican place that you frequent when you're craving a fat burrito in your mouth. Off westley exit, near the McDonald's.  

                Some of the best Mexican food I've had... Had a chicken fajitas burrito and some abondigas... Very good.  

                I stopped by again. This is the half way point between where I live and my parents house. The al pastor has a really nice flavor. The first time I had the tacos, they were on the house made tortillas. This time they were on regular small corn tortillas. Still, they were delicious. I need to try some different things. Too bad I will only drive by every six months or so.  

                Sun 3/2/14 12:00pm, went by and had a closed sign. Didn't look permanently closed.   Was looking forward to eating here.  

                Perfect gem. I was the only non-Hispanic in the joint. Lucky me. All the white folk were heading into nearby Mickey D's and Subway. I sooooo lucked out. Thanks to Yelp, I found this hole on the wall. Some of the best Mexican food I've had. Had two small chicken tacos and refried beans. Courteous staff, even though I was the only English speaking person. Food is made to order. Stop here if going from San Franciso/Oakland to LA!  

                Driving along the hell that is I-5 bt LA and SF, we found this place.  Thanks, Yelp!  I agree with all the positive reviews.  If you are hungry and in the area, you've got to try it.  I had the fish tacos and they were some of the best I've ever had.  The hubs had two carne asada tacos and loved them.  He probably could have eaten three, and he will when we go back SOOOOON.  The place is clean and inexpensive.   We were in and out very quickly too.  I have no idea why anyone would go to the Subway next door when you have this option.  

                They make everything fresh in front of you. and they are good. thats win win for me!!  

                best mexican food next to my moms cooking every time we stop wr try something diffrent and each time im never disapointed  

                Stopped at hotel right next store and as always went to Yelp for help in food choices, best Mexican food I've had in a long time. Great salsa also. Definitely stop  here again.  Likely plan a trip just to stop.  

                Very good authentic food, low prices. I had the chilaquiles and they were awesome.  

                Love this Place  

                When needing a break from burgers and driving the unending highway, stop at this place. We had the super nachos and while my friend does not enjoy dark chicken meat, we both ate the meal and loved it. I look forward to visiting this place again to break up my drive and eat good food.  

                Bomb.  I drive between LA and San Francisco a lot... both places are known for mexican food. But a Westley has them beat. The pastor is fantastic and the portions are perfect.  If you're stopping on the 5 there's no reason to get fast food...get real food. Stop there now.  Its a little hidden, just take a left at McDonalds and you'll find it next to Subway.  

                I had the veggie burrito; loved that it had hole beans and not refried! Ordered a side of  rice for our 4 year old, it was excellent.  My husband had the flautas served on fresh shredded iceberg lettuce. Great stop in the middle of nowhere!  

                One of the few finds along the I-5 Travel Centers in the hell hole known as the Central Valley... I am not surprised to be the first to review given its inconspicous location... I am sure most travelers just pass this place right up... its cliente made up local workers of various ethnicities but mostly Mexicans.  Overall this joint offers solid Mexico City blue collar fare (Milanesa steaks, Chicken Breast a la Plancha, Shrimp in Garlic Mojo, Mexican style soups with big chunks of meat & vegetables such as Corn on the Cob, Mex Zucchini, Potato, Carrot etc.,).  Big insider tip ask for Nopalitos (cactus salad) as a side.. their version is extremely good... they use fresh Nopales (not from a jar) that is expertly macerated with Mex oregano, onions, garlic, cilantro & tomatoes.  

                Very good! Five stars! Good food. very authentic. And super clean bathrooms too!  

                This has to be one of the greatest "hidden gems" in California as far as Mexican goes. I thought I was stuck with Subway and then I saw this place. I had a regular chicken burrito and it was the best one I've had for a long time. A perfect balance of fresh ingredients. The size is ideal and the flavor is so good, no added salsa is necessary. I loved it so much I went back the next day. I decided to try the al pastor tacos. My first one nearly knocked me out it was so freaking amazing. I immediately went back for a couple more. These are without a doubt among the best al pastor tacos in the state. Travelling on the Hwy 5 just got a whole lot brighter.  

                Upon recommendation, we stopped here on the way up the 5 and it was amazing. The tacos al pastor are perfect and the tortillas don't fall apart. so glad yelp led us here, definitely going to come by again ASAP!  They must have moved recently, as Yelp won't let you "check in", thinking the location is MILES away from where it really is, just off the 5 - don't think you'll be wandering around the countryside per map, take that exit and EAT HERE (same building as Subway)  

                This is the best food on the 5-fwy. It's not a chain; it's a real Mexican restaurant with homemade food. And they don't use lard.  

                What incredible food, very unexpected at this rest stopish area on I-5! so glad to have found this place on yelp, even if the directions from Google maps were wrong and we drove somewhere completely out of the way before finding it. We had the chicken burrito and tostada and both were amazing! I'm sad we are only driving one way to San Diego so don't get to come back! And if you're directions from your iphone seem to put you in the middle of nowhere- they are wrong! This is right off the freeway. I'm glad we persevered, it was so worth it!  

                We have eaten here multiple times, and loved the food every time. During lunch, the place can be packed but it's a relatively short wait. Their chili rellenos are great, as is their Carne Asada and chili Colorado.  The homemade tortillas and Horchata is excellent too. The only sad part is seeing the stream of white people walking into the Subway next door not realizing they're passing up some amazing Mexican food.  

                on a recent roadtrip from los angeles to napa valley, we stopped at several local eateries.  the one that stands out the most is "antojitos mexicanos".   located next door to subway sandwiches off i-5 in the small town of patterson, antojitos mexicanos appears to be a typical rustic diner in central california.  what separates this place from other eateries is the inexpensive outstanding food.  also, the staff are simply some of the friendliest people you'll come across.  i ordered a mexican breakfast burrito and my other half ordered a mexican breakfast plate (sorry, but, i forget the name of it.)  between the two of us, there was enough food to feed 4 people.  the breakfast burrito was by far the best i've ever had.  and my boyfriend concurred that his breakfast plate had a delicious home cooked taste to it.   after we finished eating, we asked the owner if we could buy a bottle of their hot sauce.  the kind owner insisted on letting us have the bottle.  we just had terrific food at an affordable price and met a truly kind person.    if you're traveling on i-5 and looking for a great mexican food, then i suggest stopping by antojitos mexicanos.  it's a little hard to find since it's a little ways off the freeway plus the neighbouring subway sandwich shop overshadows antojitos mexicanos.  set your navigation system and you'll find one of the best and affordable mexican restaurants north of the border.  

                Attached to Subway right off the 5 at the Wesley exit.  Looks like your standard Mexi taco place, great food and nice staff.  

                My husband stop by on his way home from Bakersfield and brought me some Gorditas de Asada (beef steak) OmG they were so damn good! Never had any that taste that good! I am a Mexican food snob and this restaurant totally passes the test!  

                after going up and down the I-5 all the time, we're getting tired of eating at all the typical fast food joints.  so, we've decided to be adventurous with our food stops.  hence, instead of subway, we decided to give antojitos a try.  if i could, i'd give this 3 1/2 stars -  because traveling in the summer on the I-5 is HOT, and it's no fun when an eatery doesn't have A/C.  however, if you don't mind sweating while you eat, you should try out this place.  foodwise, it would deserve 4 stars.  i have to admit that i don't really frequent mexican restaurants, but this place has to be the real deal.  (it's not no taco bell or del taco, for sure!)  it's a little hole in the wall place, (right next to a subway sandwiches). the menu is mainly in spanish (good thing they have a picture menu next to the register), the patrons are mainly mexican, and the big screen tv is blasting world cup soccer in spanish.    based on the picture menu, we got the grilled shrimp plate, which was seasoned and grilled nicely.  it came with flour tortillas, which were a bit doughy than the kind i usually find at the grocery store (but perhaps they are more authentic?).    we also got the small tacos (since the owner told us that the large ones would be too much food for us) - in chicken and beef.  the first round we got, it was a bit dry but seasoned well, but the second time around the meat was more moist.  i'll give them the benefit of the doubt that the dryness of the meat during the first round was just a fluke.  looks like other people ordered their burritos, which looked pretty yummy.  i'll have to try that next time.    we make this drive a lot, so we'd definitely return to antojitos for another meal.  (well, maybe not in super hot weather.)  

                What a pleasant surprise -- a happy accident driving down I-5.  Delicious, fresh burritos -- and the family-owned restaurant is authentically Mexican with a wide array of dishes on the menu.  Avoid disgusting fast food on 5.  Go to Antolito's!  

                So yummy , service was great , food was wonderful .... We are from San Diego and know Mexican food , this is the real deal ! Homemade everything !  

                Groan Belch Groan! This place is amazing! I thought I had died and gone to heaven. I found it while driving from SF to San Diego - It's more authentic than any place I've ever eaten at. Howard Road exit, Westley, California.   Sure glad I didn't eat at the Subway next door, I think I'd drive a thousand miles to eat here.  

                Drivin through the central valley of Cali is this awesome spot. This is Coming from an LA native where Mexican food is king, great spot if you're passin through!!  

                My egg, ham, potato breakfast burrito was tasty!  

                I'm from San Diego originally, so Mexican food is staple in my diet.  You can understand how disappointed I am at the underwhelming selection of tacos and burritos available in San Francisco.  Did you just call me elitist?  Waiting in line, I was tapped on the shoulder by a local.  He asked me if I'd eaten there before.  I told him no, and he smirked.  Because he knew.  "It's really good," he said.  I had my hopes.  I have to say, that even with all the Mexican food I've tried - even in Baja - it only took one bite to know that this was the BEST taco I've EVER had.  I started a yelp account just for the purpose of raving about this place.  The biggest difference was the handmade corn tortilla.  It was so light, fluffy, and flavorful.  You don't see that anymore really.  The tacos are simple - made of just meat, onions, cilantro, and fresh salsa.  I had the lengua, the pollo asado, and the al pastor.  The al pastor was very tender and good tasting marinade.  The lengua was so tender it was like eating beef flavored air.  The chicken was moist and flavorful, even though it was with chicken breast.  I'm going back again sometime this week.  I don't care that it's 2 hours away from where I live.  I'm never choking down an SF burrito ever again.  Not with this place around.  "Around" meaning within 2 hours drive.  

                This is the perfect place for me when I am on Highway 5, hungry and burned out on fast food.  I had the Asada super burrito.  It had real avacado, nice blend of meat, rice, beans, etc.  Great tortilla.  It hit the spot, is relatively cheap and I also had the chips that they cook fresh as well, which were awesome.  I will definitely keep this place in mind next time I am in the area.  I see a lot of locals call their orders in and pick it up.  I should also mention service was fast and so was the food prep.  Now it is not a fine dining experience but for the purpose it served for me, I can't see how it could get any better, unless it was free.  

                God I love this place. We were driving down "boring" I-5 when I decided to use Yelp Mobile (disclaimer, I work for Yelp) to see if there was anything good at the next exit...amazingly we found Antojitos Mexicanos. This place is so authentic that you'd be forgiven for thinking you stepped into some sort of worm hole ("nerd alert" I know) and got teleported to Mexico. The place seems to be completely family run and they even make their own chips.   My burrito was amazing and I'll definitely be going back here on my next road trip to LA. I'm pretty sure I'll starve myself before leaving SF so that I've built up a healthy appetite before arriving in Westley, CA.  Until next time Antojitos :)  

                folks need to know - this place is ridiculously good!  homemade chips and salsa!  everything here is awesome.  great fish tacos, vegetable burrito, etc.  

                It was around 8 pm and I had been on I-5 for longer than I could care to remember.  At the time when I saw Antojitos I hadn't seen a restaurant or gas station in close to two hours.  Desperation was beginning to creep in and the realization that I still had almost 2 hours to go until San Francisco had my hunger alarms going off.   To be accurate I actually saw the Subway next door first, however, a true Road Warrior takes the path less traveled so I gathered my courage and stepped up to the plate at Antojitos.  From all appearances this place is a total hole-in-the-wall, which is right up my alley.  I was not disappointed.   I ordered a massive chicken burrito with everything on it: black beans, rice, pico de gallo, guac, cheese, sour cream, etc.  The cook had it whipped up and on my table within probably two minutes.  Pretty impressive considering she made one for my co-worker at the same time.  Neither me or my buddy talked throughout the entire meal because it was so good that neither of us ever came up for air.  The ingredients were extremely fresh and the flavor was amazing.   This place is a diamond in the rough.  Be sure to take Antojitos into account when mapping out your I-5 travel itinerary.  As a big bonus there is a gas station with low prices right next door and it doesn't smell like a massive cow pasture like most of the rest of the I-5 corridor in that part of California.    I stamp Antojitos with my 5 Star Pit Stop Approval!  Holler!  

                This is actually a review for the Santa Nella location, since they don't have a page yet. A.M.A.Z.I.N.G.! Portions are huge, and nothing over 11 bucks. Tacos al pastor was to die for, and they make FRESH CORN TORTILLAS! What?!?! Nobody does that anymore. The place was a dive, but the staff was friendly enough. Totally recommend!  

                The Antojito's at the Westley, CA truck stop is already famous among I-5 commuters, but only a few people know about the relatively new offshoot opened in downtown Patterson.  Sure it's a bit off the beaten path--or maybe it's your weekend trip to check out the Patterson Museum a stone's throw away?  In any case Antojito's #2 is well worth the drive as in my opinion this is even better than the Westley location.    Antojito's has *the best* carne asada burrito I've had--a perfect mix of ingredients and fresh cilantro to die for.  Make sure to have them to throw the burrito on the grill for a few seconds after it's rolled up--this really brings out the flavor of the locally made tortillas.  You'll no doubt be tempted by the rack of fresh baked empanadas, so leave a bit of room in your stomach and don't forget your insulin.  Awesome food + friendly service + excellent prices = probably one of the best Mexican restaurants in Northern CA.  

                we were on our way home.  i wanted tacos.  this taqueria had a 5-star rating on yelp.  all signs pointed that we should stop here for dinner.  when we first got here we felt a little out of place because as soon as we walked through the door the noise level dropped and all of the locals were eyeing us warily...not to mention that the entire menu was in spanish (always tricky to order something when you're not sure what you are really asking for).  anyways, when in doubt...carne asada, right?!  so steak tacos it was and MmmmMmmm did they satisfy my craving.  all washed down with a perfect horchata and i was in heaven.  i was even brave enough to try my first (and probably last) taste of lengua --and no that choice was not due to a menu translation error!  all in all, some pretty good food for less than $15 for 2 hungry people.  oh yeah, we'll probably be back to try more of their food...their menudo bowls looked huge!  BOTTOM LINE: a yummy roadstop on I-5 if you are craving something other than a fast food burger.  

                seriously people, this place is unreal authentic Mexican.  As good as it gets, the owners are friendly and generous.  I took my work crew here last night and we must have had 20 tacos between us.  I was not even hungry but kept eating them,  the al pastor tacos are great, ask for them with pineapple, (trust me). Everything made from scratch.  By far, the best Mexican food I have ever had.  Too bad I live 250 miles away.  Don't be intimidated because you might be the only English speaking, non-hispanic person here.     Just order and eat.  Don't miss this place..  

                love love love this joint!! this may well be the best mexican taqueria in northern california.  it's a family run mexicant restaurant (literally, the whole family works here)  just off the westley exit on the five.  i always stop by this place on my drive to LA and back (which is like once or twice a year).  everytime i go there, they always give me some random mexican food to try.  i think it's because i'm usually the only non-mexican patron every time i go there.  forget about in & outs or other random restaurants along the 5. stop by Antojitos Mexicanos on your break from driving along the 5.  

