                Everytime we visit this spot it is enjoyable!!  Last night they had a really cool Blues Duo playing live..  This is a must try if your ever in the area!!!  

                This place was recommended so highly that I think I'm mostly disappointed because of the hype. But if you want to talk barbecue, and this place is not good barbecue.  I'll caveat this by saying I didn't get to try the brisket but I got the spread understanding by having the ribs (dry and uneven) and the tri-tip (ugh so dry and chewy) which in the barbecue world are the two indicators of grilling capabilities.   The Blues thing and the tap list are cute. You could probably mask the barbecue's flaws with sauce and slapping it in a sandwich.  

                I was busy fishing (not catching) wife was busy sight seeing.  She picks me up and says "I know where we are eating."  Parking can be tough.  Tight street.  Small lot.  The smell of bbq smoke very present even out on the street.  Walk through the door and you can be a little confused.  When we went, there was a lady and a guy standing behind 2 separate counters.  The counter to the left has a huge chalk board of their menu.  To the right, something like 39 beers on tap menu.  Just ask for the paper version of their menu.  Much easier.  Tables are first come first taken.  You must order at the counter.  On our visit, it was the right counter.  Wife chose their salad.  I got a full rack of baby back.  Nothing special with salad.    The rack was more then special.  Meat very tender with the perfect pink ring known to bbq'ers.  The meat very smokey.  This could be a great thing or make a very dissatisfied customer.  I normally don't like a ton of smoke, but went well with their sauce.  They have two dispensers of bbq sauce.  One normal.  The other spicy.  The spicy type where you want more.  Not fire hot, but enough to warm your taste buds.  I saved about half of the ribs for left overs.  I added the spicy sauce.  Warmed them up at work the next day and they were better then the day I ordered them.  6-9 pm they have live music.  I have no idea who was playing, but they were entertaining.  Enjoy the food, take some home, enjoy your surroundings.  And remember, the wet naps are next to the sauce pumps :)  

                First and maybe most importantly, the best tap list I've ever seen at a BBQ joint.  Bigger problem, I'm not certain how much of a BBQ joint this is. The good: Firebird sandwich, garlic bread and the potato salad. The bad: the trip tip sandwich. The ugly: the cole slaw.   I appreciate Californians trying BBQ, but if you're from any of the meccas of BBQ like KC, Memphis, North Carolina or like me, Texas, calling this place an excellent BBQ joint is laughable.  Good atmosphere with a small parking lot and plenty of street parking available.  

                In the area and needing some grub, we stopped by Aptos St. BBQ as it was highly regarded by Yelpers.  Initial indications were good.  Lots of cars in and around the joint and lots of people inside.  It's apparently quite popular out there.  When we entered we got the initial disappointment of items that were sold out...such is life when coming for a late (relatively - 1:30 PM) lunch.  No brisket or hot links - exactly what I wanted to try!  We settled for pulled pork and tri-tip w/sides of potato salad and garlic bread.  Food came out in about 25-30 mins.  IMO the food was just okay.  The tri-tip was cooked well but not particularly flavorful on its own...definitely needed help from the optional BBQ sauce.  The pulled pork was verging on dry and stringy and likewise needed moisture from sauce or the vinegar based dip provided with it.  Potato salad and garlic bread were fine but not extraordinary in any way.  My tips are: find parking on the street (small dead-end lot for the restaurant itself), get there early to avoid sold-out predicament, and if you like it quiet take your food to go (there was a band inside and it was quite loud).  I wouldn't mind eating here again but wouldn't go out of my way to do so.  

                Very delicious but they were sold out of most things. We'll go early next time. Otherwise, tri-tip and pulled pork were excellent!  

                Great Tri-tip and really good brisket!  I grew up in Texas and finding good bbq in Cali is hard to do.  Aptos St BBQ hits the spot, and the restaurant itself is laid back with a ton of great beer on tap.  

                What I do order here I easily give 5 stars.  Some things I leave behind.  Spent some years in St. Louis with church fundraising smokers out in the parking lots - some of the best BBQ anyone could ever imagine!  California BBQ, well, not nearly as abundant or tasty.  Some of Aptos St. can take me back.   The FIVE star - the 2 BBQ sauces, pork ribs, beef ribs, rib sandwich, beers on tap,  and live music.   The FOUR and a HALF star - Pulled pork with mop sauce, BBQ pork sandwich.  The FOUR star - Chicken, tri-tip, potato salad.  The THREE star - cole slaw, beans, wine selection.  I don't order salad here.  I don't complain when a vegan place doesn't serve meat so I don't bother listening to whiners who say they don't have this or that that is not BBQ related - sorry salad lovers.  No corn bread? Meh, so what.  As above, I really wish they had better beans, slaw, chicken.  My friends make up some of the best tri-tip so I am spoiled there, also not my favorite cut of meat.    Basically, I order a rib sandwich if they have them, otherwise ribs or BBQ pork sandwich and a draft.  Wife gets pulled pork and glass of Chard.  Boys love the garlic bread dipped in BBQ sauce and potato salad.  For me this is a five star experience.  It is busy and crowded sometimes.  One time it was so packed, we simply left.  That was an extreme case and normally we always wait!  I have been coming here for years since the current crew took over from Cole's, can't recall like 7 or 8 years ago?  Saw them through the 'expansion' into the old Mr E's cycle shop (think how small if feels now and imagine losing 1/3 of that!).  Been here probably 50 times or so.  We have used them several times for catered birthday parties where you get a mix of different meats and sides - stuff disappears QUICK at those parties.  

                All bbqs spots claim to be the best. Aptos doesn't.  That doesn't mean the are not good, they just don't have an elitist snobby vibe. The road side concept is such a wonderful treat on the SF to LA roadtrip.  Their tri tip was so flavorful.  The spicy bbq sauce was equally sweet to spicy.  Nice end kick.  There garlic bread was great too.  Slaw was just cabbage but it was sweet and it helped after the kick of the sauce.   Not mind blowing, few are, but all very delicious.    I was so impressed by the customer service. The young adults behind the counter were do helpful and nice.  From start to finish. They really knew the menu too. I really think customer service is a key part to the entire experience.  

                OH GOOD LAWD!! This place is heavenly.  This BBQ is better than the BBQ I've had in Austin, TX...that's how good it was.   PROS: - tons of beer on tap (the blueberry beer was SO GOOD) - delish food (melt in your mouth tri-tip, smoky flavorful ribs and potato salad were my faves) - live music :) - great service - did i mention yummy food?  CONS: - limited seating, but who really cares?!?!  I can't wait to come back again and I'll probably be back sooner rather than later as I keep thinking about it......  

                For $30 you too can fall into a meat induced coma! I had the 5 meat bonanza combo (hot link, chicken, pulled pork, pork ribs and tri-tip) plus two sides (garlic bread and cole slaw) and the most generous glass of Copper Creek Merlot I have ever seen.   This place is so cool: hipsters, old people, children, young couples and tons of carnivorous men plus a live blues band! I love this place!   Plenty of beers to choose from! Kids meals under $8.00 (of course my kid just had to order a grilled cheese sandwich but she ate most of my tri-tip)  I have tried Bruno's, Cole's, Smoq, Central Texan BBQ and Sid's and they ain't got nothing on Aptos St. BBQ.  

                LOVE the update on the interior -- no more HEY EVERYONE I'M GOING TO USE THE RESTROOM NOW!  Service is funny, haha. Quirky. Fairly quick, friendly.  Food is always on point.  Try the smoked chicken salad with glazed nuts!  

                5 stars, solid A in my book  No flaws just goodness. One of the best American BBQ places up north. Definitely a must stop on my way up or down the coast. I've only found one place in L.A. that can rival the tenderness and juiciness of this place and only the tri-tip. Everything else this place is hands down the bestest American style bbq. Forget the sides just eat meat meat meat.  

                Awesome BBQ and craft beer. Can it get any better? I swung by here on July the 4th. We took a major detour just to get her since there was like a parade down Soquel. I really like the ribs. They are tender, juicy, and great smoky flavors. Also had their smoked chicken, tender lacked some flavor. They slaw, potatoe salad, and beans were okay.  In addition to the food, there was a live jazz performance.  I will return with a empty stomach to consume all their ribs and danky IPA.  

                Love Aptos BBQ.  Best BBQ ever.  Love the salad with Tri tip.  Tonight the band Mojo Mix was playing and they were great. Perfect music for a Friday evening, a couple of beers and dinner.  They should play more often.  Great selection of beers too  

                Unbelievable. We stopped by for a late lunch before doing some antiquing, and discovered this gem. It was totally packed, even at 2PM. The BBQ is seriously good. Not just the "Best of Aptos", but can compete with BBQ joints elsewhere in the nation.  Too bad the rib sandwich was sold out. DH got a pulled pork sandwich instead. It was loaded with meat, meat, and more meat. Nice smoky flavor, meltingly tender, porky goodness! The tangy/spicy dipping sauce was perfect to bring the flavors out even more. And serving it on garlic bread is truly a genius move. Side of slaw seemed a bit small, but it's not a problem because you'll be too full from the sandwich.  I got the tri-tip salad and that was a total treat. Meat was tender and smoky, with very little fatty bits or gristle. There was almost more tri-tip than salad! It came with the winning combo of blue cheese and candied pecans. And a few more interesting items like yellow bell pepper, tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, and apple slices. The dressing was raspberry vinaigrette and it was just the thing to bring it all together.  It took some time for the food to come out, since there were many orders ahead of us. There are a ton of beers on tap, but we didn't indulge since we're lightweights and had to hit the road soon.  Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area. Price is right too. Averaged out to less than $10/head.  

                Awesome little gem in my second favorite town in Santa Cruz County.  I know the area relatively well since I've spend a good amount of time around Aptos.  This specific joint is located near the old historic town section.  I headed down there with a friend one day in May to give this place a go finally.  Had a fun drive down 17 and to HWY 1 directly to this place, there was just barely enough parking for the amount of patrons that frequent this place.   More and more people seemed to arrive as the afternoon progressed.    They have a line that will seemingly always be out the door and the menu is big and seems a bit convoluted at first but there are basically a number of different combos that can be had.  They ran out of a few meats by the time we got there but I was still able to try brisket and ribs here which were simply out of this damnnn worldd. OMFGGG.  I took a picture of my simple meal.  A set of ribs, half fatty brisket, a little potato salad, simple cole slaw, and house garlic bread.  BBQ PERFECTION!  Not too much and not too little food. Pair that with some 21st amendment HIGH or HELL Watermelon Beer and you have the great summer beach town BBQ meal.    I seemed to receive only the best cuts of meat the house had to offer.  The craft beer selections are bountiful and very choice here.  I'll be back to bring for sure at some point and highly recommend it if you're hanging around SC County for a day and want the best quality BBQ around.  This bests Smoking Pig in SJ by one star and I think having it in a ocean side town makes it that much better too hehe.  

                Now a fan of the rib. mmmmmmm  

                Ok, seriously.  This is about as good as BBQ gets.  My wife and I have recently started picking out highly rated BBQ places on Yelp and comparing for ourselves.  As we travel around the country, if it comes up on lunch or dinner time, often we will go for BBQ.    This place was also highly recommended by workmates, and justly so.  We got the five meat plate to split and take home, so we sampled the tri-tip, ribs, pulled pork and hot links.  Tender, flavorful, and delicious, of course.  But one of the main reasons we were impressed was that, unlike some other BBQ places, they do not rely on dipping the meats in a heavy, sweet sauce that smothers the actual taste of the meat itself.  Rather, their daylong smoker-BBQ process brings out the natural meat qualities using flavorings more judiciously and appropriately.   Not the least of the evening's treat was an incredibly delicious deep-dish blueberry cobbler with two scoops of vanilla ice cream on the top.  The waiter timed bringing out the cobbler until after we put away our BBQ, so that the dessert would still be hot and the ice cream cold.    We plan to bring our adult kids when they come to town so they can also compare with places we have gone previously.  We can't wait to see their faces all smudged with the good stuff from this place!  

                Bar-b-que is pretty good although I never had a brisket that fatty, tri-tip was too clean close to dry n slaw has no taste. We came here for nyday.   Friendly atmosphere n clean.  

                Really good BBQ, maybe even the best I've had in the area. Great service and great prices. Live music is also a huge plus!  

                This place is exceptional. There are three types of BBQ, Good, mediocre, and bad. But every once in a while a fourth type comes along. The exceptional. Aptos St BBQ is this forth kind. Encountering this forth type of BBQ can be a life-changing event. Only one other time in my life have I encountered this fourth type. Moving to old Aptos, and living within walking distance, is what I mean by life changing.  After eating a brisket sandwich on garlic bread, a side of beans, and washing it down with a smoked Porter, The thought of moving crossed my mind.  

                What's not to like any other barbecue place I've been. Live music, good selection of beer, great food. Parking is hard to find but worth the effort.  

                Okay, here's my take.  The food is really good, when they have enough of it.  Unfortunately they frequently run out of certain items. Some nights it's pork, others it's bread, and all side dishes. It gets really crowded ( good for them for all of the above).  The beer list is great too.  But, tonight I was pretty pissed when my buddy and I placed an order by phone. We showed up 15 minutes later as the food was expected to be ready by then.  Upon entering, we then had to wait 20 more minutes to get our order.  Maybe a separate register for take out would be good? We paid full price, despite no sides or bread being available for our sandwiches.  Furthermore, the order was all wrong. We tried to correct this issue with the complete bitch at the register, but she could have cared less.  She probably couldn't hear us anyway due to the very loud music. Which may also be why she fu*%ed up our order to begin with. I love the blues, especially when live... But don't you wanna be able to carry on a conversation over dinner w friends. I sound like my parents now right?   So basically we gave up. The worst part was that the check out/ payment set up gives you the dreaded guilt trip to tip prior to services being rendered. So we tipped for a take out order that was completely wrong. So here I am writing this review.   Suggestions:   Turn down the volume just a little, or control the sound in the room w acoustic devices.  Have enough food on hand. There's a freakin' Safeway down the street.  Come on, side dishes and bread? Make due. Go buy some more down the street and make it work. You had 4 guys in the kitchen with their thumbs up their asses doing nothing.   Don't charge full price when you don't live up to your end of the bargain.   Fix problems with your customers. It's called customer service.   Thanks for considering my issues with your business.  Funny, all my friends would agree with the above. It's not just me.  

                FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC BBQ JOINT. I think I can confidently say that this is the best BBQ joint I've ever been to. My boyfriend and I went here on our way back from Santa Cruz to LA, on a recommendation. When we pulled onto their dirt parking lot, we saw their BBQ grill outside and we were very excited by the aroma that came out of it.  I ordered the grilled cheese with a side of potato salad and my boyfriend had the pulled pork with a side of potato salad. Everything was so darn good that we finished our plates clean! Well, as clean as you can get when you're dousing your delicious grub in their mouth-watering spicy BBQ sauce. Man, I'm salivating over just the thought of it! We also ordered a couple of slices of their garlic bread which goes amazingly well with their BBQ sauce, too.   Everything was absolutely delicious. We went on a Sunday afternoon, and it was relatively empty. The staff is nice and the food came out reasonably soon. The ambiance felt like a real southern BBQ joint (sans the confederate flags, of course). Also, they have a lot for parking!  My boyfriend and I have not been able to find some BBQ that can compare. We're definitely looking forward to coming back on our next drive up north!  

                Best BBQ west of Texas.   Actually, to be honest I tried about 4 different smokehouses in Austin a few months ago and nothing comes close to this place. If you don't shed a tear as you bite into that rib sandwich (pork ribs cooked so slow and perfectly they likely fell right off the bones and into the bread -- you'd be a fool not to immediately shower it all in that sweet, smoky nectar they call barbecue sauce) then you probably don't love America.  

                This place is absolutely amazing! They have the best tri-tip and ribs I've ever had. They have large portion and the meals come with two sides. The sauce, both regular and spicy, are must-try. I always go a little too crazy with the sauces. They just tasted so good with everything. They recently opened a Mission St. BBQ in Santa Cruz, but I still think this original location is better. The meat here is more tender and juicy and the atmosphere has a really cool old-school feel.  

                My spouse does not like BBQ.  She loved Aptos BBQ Tri-Tip.  Now it's a must have when we are in the area.    Great Meats, really good sides, and really casual.  

                As a native Texan I'd like to think I have pretty high standards in regards to BBQ, I gotta say this place was so delicious and is comparable to a top notch place in the Lone Star State! I had the brisket salad, tried some of the hot link sausage, and amazing sides like the beans and potato salad. Large portions too, you won't leave hungry. This place was great! I highly recommend stopping by when in the area or just making the trip when you're in the mood for some excellent BBQ!  

                WOW Aptos St. BBQ is the real deal!  I'm not really fan of BBQ, but this is the only restaurant that I could find open today with good reviews and the reviews were right!  For about $20 I ordered the 3 piece combo which consisted of a chicken thigh/drumstick, 5 pieces of tri tip, and pulled pork.  Along with the meal you get your choice of 2 sides, I tried the coleslaw and potato salad.  To add to the meal they also give you a piece of grilled garlic bread!  This is plenty of food for 2-3 people, keep that in mind when you order!  Let's first start off with the chicken, it was my least favorite of the 3 choices.  While the meat had decent flavor, the skin on the chicken is what killed it for me.  It was super rubbery and not that appetizing.  If you order the chicken don't eat the skin, plus it healthier for you!  The tri tip was my second favorite item from the order.  It had a nice smoke taste, but not overpowering!  Meat was nice and tender and it melted in your mouth!  Definitely would order this again!  Last was the pulled pork which was freakin amazing!!!  I think this is the item that the restaurant is known for!  It had a fantastic flavor and the the little bits of "bark" were so good!  Try the pulled pork with their BBQ sauce, it's the perfect hand and hand combination.  When it came down to the sides I was so full.  The coleslaw was more refreshing rather than having a great taste.  The potato salad was also ok.  The garlic bread was the best thou, not too buttery and overpowered with garlic, it a must try!  Overall I never have been to Aptos and don't plan on coming back anytime soon.  But if I'm ever in the area it would be hard for me not to come back.  Next time I would just get a pulled pork sandwich, I found the combo portions to be too much for me.  

                Went on a Saturday. All good here. Good BBQ, good beer, good ambiance, good music.  

                When I first came here not too long ago, I got here right about an hour before they were closing. They couldn't offer much on the menu for my friend and I because they run out of meat throughout the day (sadly), so all they had left was pulled pork and chicken. I asked the lady at the counter what the best thing we could have at this time would be and she suggested pulled pork sandwiches for both of us. It had the right amount of sauce and SO flavorful! I also got a side of potato salad which was pretty good too!  They also have a great selection of beer as well! If I'm not mistaken, all or most of the beer are local which is cool. The bartender generously let us sample a few beers before we got to order, and I ended up getting an apple amber ale.   I definitely want to come back and try their tri-tip and other selection of items. Definitely had a better experience here and I feel the quality of food is a little better than Mission St. BBQ just because the meat wasn't as dry.  

                Food was good..... But was it 21 dollars good.. That's one plate.... Great overall experience... I just can't get over the price..  

                Love this place, awesome, awesome BBQ. Get the ribs before they sell out. If you don't, the sandwiches are a decent consolation prize, but I must admit it's a bit of a letdown when you have your mind set on ribs! They've got a lot of beer on tap, mostly microbrews, but with enough variety that you'll find the right one to go with your meal.   The atmosphere is great, they capture a very laid back and country feel both inside and outside. Plus they have nightly blues that usually consists of a couple old guys jamming together. Fun.  

                Excellently Cooked Meats and a brewery!  This is a "warehouse style" BBQ & beer place.  The beers, from a local brewery, are of many styles and the draft drawer seems happy to go through everything they have until you hear something you think you'll like (there were 37 different draft beers).  The premium beer was $7.50 for about 12 ounces.  Food is served in paper plates, order at the front, pick a table, they bring it to you.  We all ordered barbecue: chicken, pulled pork and pork ribs.  (They were out of beef ribs.)  All three were great.  The pulled pork sandwich was on garlic bread and that was a nice touch.  All the sauces are mildly flavored and good.  Their cole slaw and beans were simple but well made and flavorful.  The food too was at "beach town prices," the sandwiches about $10 and the ribs dinner $18.    We were there on a Wednesday and heard Al Frisby, a Louisiana blues player.  Apparently they have complimentary live music every night.  The guy was a real pro and the audience loved him.    If you are in the area and don't need a fancy place but want quality food, this one is worth checking out - Recommended.  

                I was really looking forward to having some good ribs for lunch, only to be greatly disappointed by Aptos street B.B.Q. for several reasons. First was the  less than great  and barely good taste of the ribs.  They were not fall off the bone tender but tough & chewy.  They were small in size and meat content.  Then the sauce couldnt cover up the burnt charcol bits between your teeth.  Thier so called sides were just as lack luster. Flavor wise as the ribs.  The portions were slim 4-little ribs,  a 1/2 cup of slaw,  bag of chips and a drink for 17.00  dollars  each.  All adds up too  far too little for far toooo much...  would not recommend this place unless you like to drink beer and hear the blues.  

                Well, thought I'd try it one more time. Loved the place when they first opened!!! Always disappointed since they sold it. It's the ambiance that disappoints. The staff is so impersonal and flippant. Exactly opposite from the original staff. The big blackboard, with the menu items is black and empty.  The side board that formerly had the beers and such listed now has a lengthy, very lengthy, explanation with all menu items sometimes sell out and why the meat is ok if pink. And the person who delivered my packaged to go order, came dangerously close to replying"No problems," when I thanked him. And last. We get our own BBQ sauce now, from boxes with plungers, into tiny cups.  

                What happened to the service in this place? The new owners need to take a serious look at some of these reviews.  Why did they erase the menu board above the register?  On crowded nights, they need to stop letting patrons taste 10 beers before they order one.  They're system for ordering beer is already inefficient, and the endless tasting causes crowding in the area where people are waiting for take-out orders. I'm not sure it's greatest thing for your business to have the inked-up 'roided-out manager/owner wandering from table to table dressed in gym shorts, flip flops with his hat on backwards, looking like he's ready for yard time at the state pen. Very unprofessional, off-putting appearance, even for a BBQ joint.  

                I'm from the south so I know good BBQ and this is good BBQ.   I drive down here once a month to eat. The BBQ on garlic toast is phenomenal.   They should add fries to the menu though.  

                I would give this amazing BBQ place 5 stars if the sides were better...the meat is all great top notch! BUT the sides are not good at all the beans have a strange taste to much chile P? I don't know, the slaw and potato salad are horrible and bland and you don't have any other sides besides that!? Oh extra garlic bread...you need to roast some corn on those grills, have sweet potato fries and macaroni and cheese/corn bread/greens you need a suggestion box the owner I here is a asshole and won't change a thing other then the sides I love Aptos st BBQ! I get my meat from Aptos then go to SIDS BBQ for my sides down the road...beer is kinda pricy as we'll the sour beers 5 OZ for $6 is crazy expensive just charge $8 for a pint PS turn the music down too it's hard to talk to friends when we are their.  

                This is a mom & pop BBQ place in Aptos off Soquel.  This place is really cool.  The food is excellent and they have a ton of draft beers there too.  All the beers are listed on wood plates above the taps with the Alcohol content next to the name.  They have regular and hot sauces you can take home with your food too.    When you head over, be aware, they might be out of certain meats, which is a true staple of a BBQ place.  A real BBQ place smokes there meats all day so when they run out, that's it.  And that's the way it should be too.  

                We ate with friends on a busy Friday night. The live blues band was jamming and they were great. My wife and I are born again carnivores and we ate the tri tip with garlic bread. I don't think you can go wrong here. Make sure you try the BBQ sauce too! It's winner. Easily 30 beers are available on tap. Plenty of local, regional cali, and rare limited release ones to try!  If you save room for desert the rum bread pudding is to die for.  

                Right off the bat I'll say I would rate this place 4.5 stars if that was available. Everything about it is awesome but the side dishes are kind of basic compared to my favorite BBQ joints and they only have 1 type of sauce to choose from... That being said, the BBQ is awesome (best pork ribs ever) the beer selection is stellar (37 drafts) and they had live music on the Friday night I was there (great 2 piece blues band). There is plenty of parking and just about the right amount of tables. I was by myself and got a single seat at the community table next to some cool folks right away.    I had the 2 meat combo with Tri-tip and Pork Ribs and I chose the potato salad and beans for my side dishes. I'll say it again that the pork ribs were awesome (3 ribs on this plate). I like the baby back style they have as opposed to the popular  St. Louis cut that other BBQ places have because you just have one bone to deal with. The Tri-tip was very good as well, I got 3 pieces on my plate that were thick cut (1/2 inch) across the grain and were very tender. I found that they both needed more sauce but a giant bottle of the stuff was sitting on the table, only one choice though... The potato salad was good but I wished they had another hot side option. The beans were hot and pretty tasty with chunks of brisket? or some tasty meat inside.    This was a bit of a drive for me so I may choose Mission St. BBQ for my next trip as they are the same owner (but currently only 3.5 stars instead of 5?). I would recommend this place for sure!  

                Oh. Hell. Yes. This is the best BBQ, brews and blues joint in Santa Cruz county. Maybe even the WORLD. Delicious food. I've been here a few times. I usually get a tri-tip sandwich or pulled pork. It's kick ass. My other half has tried a few items. Tonight she had the BBQ chicken salad and loved it. The beer choices are plentiful and I highly recommend trying their 5th anniversary special beer made locally by Sante Adairus. It's called Hop Toss Street and it is amazing.   If the food and the beer and the music isn't enough, there is the extremely friendly and helpful staff. We have never had bad service here. The folks working behind the counter and behind the bar are super nice. The woman who waited on us tonight took the time to explain exactly what is in the chicken salad, no attitude. Then she ended up drawing our beers and was super enthusiastic about the Hop Toss St.   Just one note, we see folks with little kids in here every time we go.  I think it's a bit scary when folks are downing beers and then getting in the car. And even worse when they are getting in a car with their little kid. It's also a bit noisy for small children. The music is usually pretty loud. Think twice before bringing your small children.   Otherwise, go here now. You will like it.  

                The ribs and hot links were pretty good but the tri tip was pretty dry. They were also out of brisket but it was late on a Sunday night. As other people mentioned, the beer is pretty expensive which you don't expect in a casual BBQ joint. Also, I didn't love that you get your food in paper baskets and that you don't get plates because it made it hard to cut the meat.   I wish we enjoyed our experience more but it was pretty average BBQ in our opinion.  

                We ordered food to go, but there was an impressive amount of beers on tap I'd like to try next time I'm down there. I thought the sandwiches were really good, they were very flavorful and there were some nice sauces to add a little kick.  

                I've had great BBQ at multiple Texas joints, and Aptos St. BBQ is hands down as good, if not better than all of 'em.  Laid back, friendly/quick service, good brews on tap, and mouth watering, delicious food.  My carnivore dreams come to fruition every Friday with consistent excellence.  

                Best BBQ I've had so far. I came here with a few friends on a weekend at 6 and they already ran out of everything on the menu.  Luckily we were able to get some rotisserie chicken and brisket. Really good but I wish I could taste everything else on the menu.  

                This place is legit. Saw the BBQ smokers and heard the live blues (everyday 6-8pm) from outside when we first arrived and already had a good feeling about this place. I was not disappointed!  I shared the 4 meat combo: pork ribs, tri-tip, a hot link, and pulled pork with potato salad and coleslaw sides. They were all so tasty and tender! The hot link definitely lived up to it's name and the ribs were especially flavorful. I would've ordered more if it weren't for the line that was forming out the door.  They also have a nice selection of 37 craft beers on tap to compliment your meal. Took me a while to decide because there were quite a few that I wanted to try!  

                This is by far my favorite BBQ place! I'm from San Jose and me and my wife drive over the hill all the time, this place is quality at it's best. I always order a tri-tip sandwich on garlic bread and my wife gets pulled pork and we share a rack of ribs and it's always three meals!!!  

                Best BBQ over the hill............ I've had a few misses here in the past were they were sold out of ribs at 12:30 or the trip tip wasn't sliced correctly and it was touch and chewy, but the last few times have been pure BBQ goodness. The staff seems friendlier and BBQ ( tri-tip and ribs) were t-a-s-t-y! I am also a big fan of their sister store Traildust BBQ in Morgan Hill  

                As spoken by my husband, this is the "best BBQ I've had in ages."  We both enjoyed the ambience (clothesline curtains!) and relaxed atmosphere. The meats were tender and smoky and the beans were just as I like them - savory.  Prices were good and the blues music playing in the background sealed the deal! Perfect stop on our Santa Cruz vacation.  

                My first restaurant experience in Aptos.  The BBQ is amazing! Beer selection made me miss home.  (East Bay) Thankfully they had a few of my favorite breweries on tap, and a few new ones I rather enjoyed.  I tried to start a conversation with the guy who worked on Labor Day.  He wasn't overly friendly, but when I went back a few days later, Jen on the bar was great.  Super friendly! I really liked the tri tip.  Went well with my Lupulin Lust.  

                Best BBQ I've ever had. Ever!   I'm always on the hunt for good barbecue and ive finally found it at Aptos St. BBQ. One of the things that intrigued me most was the live blues.  My family and I decided to stop in for a Sunday dinner. It being our first time, we called ahead to find out when the music started, lucky we did because we were informed that we should order our food ahead of time because they sell out of stuff quickly. We ordered a couple tri tip salads, ribs, pulled pork and a few sides, which would be ready for us when we got there.  Seating is whatever is available, we ended up sharing a table with another family right next to the stage. The musical act was not who was advertised on the website but was still fun to listen to. The beer selection was extensive and the bartender very knowledgeable.   The tri tip on the salad was hands down the best tri tip I've ever had and despite being on a salad was a big portion. The ribs were fantastic but the highlight was the pulled pork. It was cooked to perfection and I was wonderfully surprised to find that it was not drowned in barbecue sauce but came with a vinegar dip that complemented it perfectly.  But if you prefer, there are two kinds of sauce available which you can drown your pork but I highly recommend you don't. The potato salad was delicious as were the beans.   I had such a good time here, I can't wait to go back!  

                Delicious! I found this bbq place on yelp. I had the tri-tip sandwich and my husband had the BBQ pork sandwich...you must order it with the garlic bread! The meat had a great smokey flavor. Yum! My teenage kids loved their sandwiches too. I thought there prices were fair....sandwich plus a side...$7.95. I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because we had to wait in line to order our food then we had to get in another line to order our beer and drinks.  Also, I really wanted to order the tri-tip salad but they were out of salad!!! The place  is small and I did have to find someone to clean off our table.  Otherwise, if you like bbq.....this is the place : )  

                Get your meat on! I've been visiting this location for barbecue since it was Cole's, and I think it's been at least a year since I've been to the current incarnation.  The current owners know barbecue -- this is not meat grilled over high heat.  Smoked, tender, moist, cooking is low and slow -- it is barbecue done to national competitive standards.  Meaning, it's heaven.  Add on the top of it, the restaurant has followed the still growing trend of offering a huge variety of craft brews on tap.  Something like 30 different on tap beers.  The restaurant has been enlarged with more seating.  And brisket is available every day.  Note, it's still a bit rustic.  No white table cloths, no waiters in tuxes.  Great barbecue, great beer.  5 stars.  

                LOVE this place! I come here for lunch all the time, the sandwiches and ribs are amazing. The tritip on garlic bread is the best and the ribs are also incredible. Their beers on tap are great, the Smashed Pumpkin was my favorite but they have stopped carrying it. I have never been underwhelmed here, but you do have to be careful because they run out of food a lot! Make sure to call ahead or get there early, you will not be disappointed!  

                We absolutely love Aptos St. BBQ. We come here way too often, to the point where they know my name and what we like to order. We usually get the Firebird sandwich, the Ragin Bull sandwish, BBQ meat combo meals, or BBQ smoked chicken meals. Everything is DELICIOUS! Meat is always cooked perfectly and the spicy BBQ sauce is awesome. It is a little expensive but the quality of meat is worth it. Forget nasty Cole's BBQ, I'd much rather pay a bit more to have food that is excellent every time. Aptos BBQ is consistently wonderful.   Besides how great the food is, I have to mention a chick who works there, I think her name is Dani (she's blonde). She is awesome. She does her job so well. Sometimes it seems like the other people don't know what they're doing but she steps in and makes sure orders are getting out and people are being helped. She always remembers my name and what I like to order. She is super friendly even in the face of annoying customers (probably me). Honestly, she is 50% of the reason that we keep going back here- she always makes sure we have a good experience. Seriously, they should give her a raise.   Thank you Aptos BBQ, we will continue to eat your delicious food as long as we live here :)  

                I love this place! I've been going from about opening day. I even found myself there during my two year "vegan eating" stage. Great selection of beer on tap. Good blues music on the right night. And the best BBQ I've had from a BBQ joint. The side dishes are great too. The inky thing I've always wises they ha was a deep fryer to serve up some fries. I do love fries with my BBQ. And that's the only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5. Get the fries in guys and I will happily give you five! :) by the way they are the only window sticker I have ever put on my truck. Just saying.  

                First off BBQ is expensive I get it it takes forever to cook meat and meat prices are high, but at least add some flavor to what you are cooking. The food here is so under seasoned , the lack of options on the sides makes it so you have to order the beans ( which taste like chile powder and ketchup mixed together). There's no vegetable option.  And the potato salad has these super al dente potatoes mixed with sweet pickles and some mustard and hardly any salt it's sweet overall. But besides that the only thing I've tasted from here that is decent in flavor is the tritip and the pulled pork. All the other meats are just so bland and flavorless. They add that awesome smoked flavor from the meat smoking so long and forget about all the seasoning. Which is a total bummer because they are so close to good food with great flavor. I've been disappointed here too many times. The beer selection is definitely the best in Santa Cruz and I really go there more to have a beer than eat their food. Sort of a shame with all those expensive Yoders out there smokin away.  

                The best BBQ in town. No questions asked. The meat literally just melts... And everyone loves good live music.  That being said, this place needs work. First, two lines (food - beer). Come on. You wait in line to wait in line. Second, I was told that they cannot let me pay for my phone order (about $100 total) because they had no change. Apparently, the manager overslept. For lack of kinder words: wtf is that shit?  By all means, enjoy your stay. Or just take it to go... seriously just get out.  

                We came here with our two small kids for dinner. We shared a three meat plate and added a few sides. We wish we would have ordered more! The tri-tip was unbelievable and both kids were licking the bones on the ribs. Since it is so busy (a good thing) seating was limited and we ended up sharing a two top for the four of us. My husband and I each had a beer from their wide selection of craft brews. I loved how the bartender helped us pick just the right one. As we were leaving live music was starting. At 5 o'clock they were already sold out of some items so I would recommend coming early in the day if you would like the full selection.  

                Went here like a month ago. As a big fan of beer blues and BBQ I may be biased, but this place is phenomenal. Great selection of craft beer and the food WILL hit the spot. Live music every night too with some good local talent. The staff at the counter and bar were really warm and friendly, the bartender was really helpful and offered free samples. They need to open another one in Santa Cruz!  

                My family and I didn't want to cook the day after Christmas, we decided casual BBQ sounded good.   We met at 7pm, ordered a beer and found a table before going up to order food. No more than 10 minutes later we went to order. While standing in line an employee comes to tell us THEY ARE OUT OF FOOD! Not out of ribs, or out of chicken, JUST OUT OF FOOD. Not to call anyone a liar but, how can that happen at 7:30pm on a busy Friday night? I was appalled by this terrible service especially being some one who has worked in and managed a restaurant before. I hope that the manager or owner sees this post!   As a final slap in the face as we were leaving, HUNGRY and NOT HAPPY, the kitchen staff was preparing themselves HUGE pulled pork sandwiches to take home. When we asked the staff about it they stuck to their story that they were out of food when clearly they weren't. If the staff just plain wanted to go home, don't lie.   AND the music was pretty loud and made it hard to hear, or maybe it was my grumbling tummy that I couldn't hear over. Either way, I couldn't hear.  

                Obviously as already stated, This is a gem.   Some of the best tri - tip I've had, and I've been around the Central Coast. The garlic bread used as the bun, oh my goodness. The hot bbq sauce had amazing flavor and spice, tough to get the combination right.  The tap list is extremely impressive and I love the decor. They also have live blues every night, wow.  The sandwiches are definitely small for the price but they are quality over quantity and ita not as if they skimp on the meat for the size of the bread.  The only real negative was the coleslaw,  pretty much just 'cole' without the 'slaw'. Pretty much a cup of flavor-less green cabbage.  

                Well worth the drive from San Jose, just make sure to get there early enough so you don't order something that is sold out.  Excellent beer selection as well.  I've been here many times and have never been disappointed.  

                In love with the entire menu. Great staff very friendly  although getting there in the earlier hours would benefit your options. They cook the meats and chicken in the morning for all day. Today I got a TriTip Salad it was delicious I used the BBQ sauces  instead of the regular dressings.  To die for.  Every night there is a live Blues Band. Which is really nice to listen to as you eat.  

                I continue my search for good Q on the west coast. The yelp reviews we're promising and the word of mouth recommendation sealed the deal. Unfortunately the food didn't live up to my expectations, I found the pork ribs slightly better than the chain restaurant's and the hot link was undercooked for "my" taste. A good link should have some grill marks or some smoke flavor, Aptos St bbq had neither. The beans were fine and the potato salad was less than eventful.  Sadly the best part of the meal was the garlic bread. On the plus side they have a huge selection of craft beers and an inviting interior. If you decide to check it out I recommend getting smashed on craft brew, ordering ribs by the slab with garlic bread.  

                This place is SO WORTH THE DRIVE!   I dont think a lot of people know about this place because it is a little drive but if you have wheels you need to go here.   This place is legit on their BBQ and the bread really compliments the whole package. You know its awesome cuz it is also a sell out kinda system so you need to go some what early to get what you want but even if they sell out on your first choice I can guarantee your second, third, or fourth choice will still blow your mind!  

                Loved loved loved this place authentic with Great music and food. I got the ribs with garlic bread with my family and we ended up ordering another round of both, highly recommended  

                Great, funky vibe, with some nice sidewalk seating and open windows for the comfortable breeze. The beer selection is broad and features local brews from up and down the CA coast. The staff is friendly and frankly pretty damn good looking, too. The meat, however, is middle of the road. The tri-tip was strong, the hot links also solid, but the ribs were average, and the chicken was just chicken. Their garlic bread looked to be using the same ciabatta bread as their sandwiches and was very good.   They had live blues on a Saturday afternoon, and that made sitting for some meat and a couple of beers a very relaxing way to pass an hour or two.  

                Great find thank to fellow yelpers !!!  The BBQ here is awesome. Off the beaten path but so well worth it. Wish I didn't live do far.  

                YUM.  BBQ, live music, craft beers, what could be better?  be careful! the guy performing on a saturday night was kinda drunk and made it a point to talk to us.      the only down side is limited seating, but people are friendly and told us about local spots we should hit up.  

                Why didn't we find this place sooner!?!?excellent beer selection, excellent live blues, delicious barbeque. I'm in love!  I had Smoked chicken salad w blackberries and blue cheese. Hubby had ribs and discovered his new favorite brew, Smoking Wood.  Four thumbs up!!  

                This is my favorite BBQ joint in the 831 area. The food is always good and never disappoints, great portions for fair prices.   I always get the pulled pork sandwich, my favorite, my boyfriend orders the ribs, and all the other great stuff.   They have blues night after 6pm, although the music is great I try to leave before then because it sometimes becomes a food and booze event with music and makes it hard to find seating. This is not my kind of scene but if it it's yours you might enjoy this place after 6pm, with great food! They do have a bar and it looks like they have a great selection from what I've seen although I can't comment much since I've never ordered anything besides water from the bar.  

                I am frankly surprised. I got the smoked chicken salad and my husband got the tri tip sandwich. I had planned on a great salad with warm freshly smoked chicken, great dressing, and varied green. What I got was coooooold somewhat slimey chicken with a hint of smoked flavor and not much else. The dressing was ok. The greens... again ok. All together it was mediocre at best.  My husband's tri tip had little flavor. He barely tasted the smoked flavor. And it was basically meat and bread. While we both get a lot of people love that "meat and bread" kinda thing, we like a bit of something on a sandwich. You know, grilled onion, lettuce, tomato, SOMETHING. But no, it was just meat and bread.... dry meat at that.  SOO I really have no desire to come back. Sorry but yelpers, you let us down this time.  

                Great BBQ, awesome beer selection.  Coming from Texas I am pretty particular about my BBQ.  This was good.  My only recommendation would be to slice the brisket/tri-tip versus cubing it....just a personal preference of mine...  

                This place rocks.  Great BBQ.  Fantastic Deserts (Bread Pudding & Cobbler).  Live Blues music on Saturday night is fun.  Beer tasting has also produced some great finds from their collection.  

                Delicious barbecued chicken sandwich- perfectly cooked and the bread is really fresh and garlicky. Beans were good. My 7 yr old scarfed down the pulled pork. The variety of beers is awesome.  No line at 12:30 Sunday but the line was out the door by 1:45 pm. We will be back.  

                I went here with high hopes because of the good reviews it was crowded when we ordered and didn't have anywhere to sit our food came out on a tray I tried to take the tray because it hade 6 things on it but instead he told me he had to take it so I grabbed the floppy cardboard it came in and put it on a bench till a table cleared the BBQ was so disappointing it was overcooked and bland overall a terrible experience over priced food and beer I went back to the counter and ordered a 3 dollar soda and she asked how much I wanted to tip lmao never again  

                Anyone who knows me knows I like the Shane Dwight band...he played at Aptos St BBQ !  Right around the corner <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ffrom.my&s=9b28e695e8b8339a89d744ef562244c3397540a945b6514927acd7a0dd8375a6" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">from.my</a> place!  Awesome  

                This place is great. The ribs are to die for. Not too moist or too dry. The BBQ sauce is amazing and a must have. The meat plate with all the different types of meat is gigantic and delicious.  The sides are alright, but they forgot to put them in the bag on our to go order. We went back and got them (they doubled the amount as an apology) but they were tiny, which was a bit of a disappointment after all the work we went through to get them haha The worst part is that aptos st. BBQ is so good that it sells out all the time! Make sure to go early to pick up dinner or you might not have any! HIGHLY RECCOMENDED  

                While on vacation in Santa Cruz, my boyfriend kept talking about this amazing BBQ joint that was his favorite place to eat. We stopped here on the way home today.  We got there a few minutes before they were scheduled to open. Several other people were outside waiting as well. The smell was mouth-watering!  The interior is fun and upbeat. It looks like a great place to have a beer and some BBQ to live bands on the weekend.  We shared a pulled poor sandwich on garlic bread. It was amazing! The meat melted in your mouth and the BBQ sauce was simply perfect. It was a great combination of sweet and tangy.  I can't wait to go back!!! Yum!!  

                Holy smokes!  Smoked ribs, that is.  Barbecue that deserves to be noted!   I'm not much of a beef or pork eater but the food here is absolutely phenomenal.  My wife and I cam over here several years ago and ate here while waiting to see our attorney and the food was an 11 on a scale of 10.  The beers we had with our pig-sickles were wonderful as were the side dish beans, potato salad and cole slaw.    I haven't had BBQ ribs that were so good since years ago, eating in Chicago.  These are the real deal.  It had been a nearly four-hour ordeal to drive here and with the help of a few beers with lunch, my wife and I decided to stay overnight and return home the next day.  We asked our attorney where we should have dinner, and guess where he recommended?  We returned to Aptos St. BBQ for dinner and had tri-tip sandwiches and more beans, coke slaw, and potato salad.  Yes, we tried more beers.  This has become our go-to place when we're driving through or doing business in town.  I strongly suggest you check it out, unless you value eating terrible food at McDonald's.  

                Wow, this place has 4  1/2 stars.  I'm a little shocked.   Well, since the whole feedback forum is for that reason, I'm going to give my review anyways; but I will try not to be too mean and just stick to the basics.   Food - it was ok to good, but not spectacular as I have heard.  I personally think the potato salad and cole slaw could've used a little more seasoning.   I usually never salt my foods but this is something that I would've sprinkled a little on had the saltshaker been handy.  Of course no one is raving about their sides.  It's the BBQ that matters right?  Heh, it was ok.  I had the tri tip salad and had a few ribs on the side.  I thought it was OK.  I mean it was good to try but I don't know that I can say it's the best BBQ I've ever had, or even close to it.    Service - we didn't dine in so I can't say much about that.  But we did call about five times to order for pickup and was left on hold EVERY SINGLE TIME.  Don't bother calling b/c they won't take your order; just come in and wait in line; it moves fairly quickly anyways.  Oh, FYI - at one point, the gal that answered the phone asked her coworker to take the phone order and he screamed out, 'NO!"    Misc - As busy as they were, parking was manageable.  Food prices were decent.  They do run out of food so try to get there before 6pm.    Hmm, not sure what else there is to share.  Don't get me wrong, the place was cool serving over 35 beers on tap, but I don't know that it was to die for bbq, that's all.  

                We had excellent pork ribs, pulled pork, and chicken,  BUT it was the bread pudding that stole the show - it was fantastic!  Couple that with a casual atmosphere and good blues music, it was a great afternoon!!  

                THE BEST BBQ EVER! I wish places in San Carlos and rwc would check these guys out!  It is how great BBQ should be! We had 4 meats and two sides 25 dollars! We had chicken (leg and thigh) pulled pork, ribs n tritip! The tritip was the most delicious meat! it was tender and flavorful! Everything was fresh plentiful and delicious! Definitely get your Q on here!!!!  

                Been going here since the ORIGINAL owners opened it... was good then, now- forget it. Grease, fat, not enough meat, bad service, higher prices, uneven cooking. All the things that made it a great 'local joint' before are gone, and sadly the quality has taken a STEEP nose-dive. I say this with regret because I love good BBQ and great little local places with personality, pride and high quality... this place has none of that anymore. Too bad.  Still want good BBQ in the Santa Cruz area? As a longtime resident I can only recommend Gorilla BBQ in Pacifica- but get there early and be prepared for a long line- everybody's onto Gorilla BBQ since triple D visited a few years back, and it's only gotten better since then. Worth the trip and worth the wait, though... wish I could still say the same about Aptos St. BBQ.  

                To.Die.For. Words are inadequate.  

                First time here.   Ordered Brisket and ribs with coleslaw and beans. My Girlfriend got Tri-tip The Brisket was awesome and my girlfriends Tri-tip looked good too.  The rest was so so for me,  but I know barbecue is a very personal thing.  What I dislike you may love.  I found the ribs too sweet and I prefer fall off the bone to chew off the bone,  the beans were very firm,  and the coleslaw was lacking color and flavor.   I almost gave 3 stars,  what saved the star rating was the excellence of the Brisket, the fantastic quality beer selection (37 beers on tap plus an awesome bottle selection),  the 3-6 beer happy hour,  and the fact that they have Live Blues every evening.   Prices were on the high side i thought but not  outrageous.   I will go back,  probably regularly,  but will skip the sides and avoid the ribs because they are not my style (hate sweet meat)  The sweet ribs could be saved with gobs of bbq sauce,  but I hate to drown the flavor of meat with too much sauce.  

                I've been here several times since they switched ownership. Still the same great restaurant.  

                It's a cool established ma and pa joint in Aptos near the beach. It's worth the trip when you spend the day at the beach and than want some real good BBQ after. I had the tri-tip sandwich on garlic bread with a side of potato salad. The meat was delicious and really well cooked. This establishment stands behind their meat and how they cook it. I was a bit thrown off to find that my sandwich only came with meat and bread, no condiments, no tomato, no lettuce. But actually it doesn't need any of that stuff. The garlic bread is delicious and the tri-tip is one of the best I've had. Super cool and clean place, I definitely recommend stopping by and giving it a chance. I also didn't feel too bloated or fat after my meal, which is always a plus in my book. Also, they have a huge bucket of Andes Mints by the register and that is one of my favorite candies! :-p  

                This is by far my most favorite BBQ place. They have a wide selection of beer every day; from tap to bottled. The tri-tip has the most smoked flavored taste and their hot links are actually hot. I'm not a fan of BBQ sauce but this place has made me change my mind on what BBQ sauce should really be. Their sauce is tangy, sweet, and all around just scrumptious. I tried mixing the hot BBQ sauce with the normal one and it turned out even better than I could have imagined.   This is a must go back to eat for great service, great food, and great beer.  

                My friend introduced me to this place years ago and i was immediately hooked!  Their tri-tip is the best ive had - nice and smoky around the edges.  All the other meats are excellent too but the tri-tip is what really stands out for me.  The sides are only OK, but the taste and quality of their meats more than makes up for it.   I live over an hour away from Aptos, but if im ever in the area i make sure to stop by.  If im not hungry ill order some meat to go for my next meal.  

                This is easily (far and away) the best BBQ I have ever eaten at. Nothing comes close. Try the chicken, pulled pork or the brisket when they have it. The sandwiches are my favorite because the bread is garlic bread.   Potato salad, cole slaw and beans are all exceptionally good. Cole slaw is the weakest, as sometimes it is too dry and other times too wet.   But the takeaway here is that this place is phenomenal- a "try before you die" kind of restaurant.  

                We've been going here since they first opened. It's been  good in the past, with good smoked ribs and chicken.   Today we got the pulled pork sandwiches to go. It wasn't until I got home that I became aware that there was no BBQ on the sandwiches. Why didn't they at least offer me some? It leaves me wondering why I even leave a tip for these people.   The pulled pork sandwiches are usually good, but without some BBQ sauce they're not so great.   Dissatisfied local customer  

                Still a great BBQ! It's even better with the addition of 'live blues" from 6-8...only negative, it takes longer to get a beer than your food. They need two bartenders at times, but the "Q" is still killer!  

                Best BBQ in Santa Cruz by a very large margin on excellence.  All of the meat is smoked on site, delicious and the sauce is great.  Sides are excellent as well, which can be overlooked by some other BBQ places.  Fantastic selection of specialty beers on tap (38 of them).  The decor is charming and the staff is friendly.  I highly recommend the tri-tip on garlic bread sandwich, it is the best sandwich on this planet.    Keep in mind, everything there is cooked fresh that day so they do run out of things.  It is the price you pay if you want slow smoked meat like that not par cooked or  reheated.    This is my new favorite restaurant  and I hear they have a new location on the east side of Santa Cruz.  So glad I discovered this place!  

                Well done arrangementsvof delicious bbq meats. Interesting potatoe salad and side beans. Live blues music was a plus,bringing a proper sense of athmosphere with it.  

                Best BBQ since I lived in Jax FL.  Tri-tip best I have ever had.   Great smoke and super tender.  Pulled pork is hella good too.    I want to try the brisket and it must be good cuz it's always out when I visit.  This is real smoked BBQ, not the "BBQ" you might get at Whole Foods or something.  Also they have an incredible selection of beers on tap.  A wondrous selection of IPA's and the bar tender knows her IPA's and will steer you in the right direction.  

                The bf and his friends have been raving about Aptos St. BBQ for a while now, and sadly, I still haven't had a chance to stop by. However, the bf finally brought me the 1/2 lb Tri-Tip ($7.95, <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aptos-st-bbq-aptos?select=DI-DD5NsPyJPxS128VPeAQ#DI-DD5NsPyJPxS128VPeAQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/apto…</a>) to try this time around, and took a small container of their Spicy BBQ Sauce. The tri-tip didn't disappoint! It had a small bit of fat on top, which was delicious, and the meat was really tender. I also loved the spicy bbq sauce, which had the perfect amount of kick. I will definitely have to make sure I don't miss out on the next trip out here! Note, they only serve brisket on Fridays, so you have to make a special trip on that day if you're a brisket fan.  

                It's a casual atmosphere with a cute stage. When we arrived on Friday night there was a gentleman singing the blues with his guitar. It was a nice touch. There was a line to the door but it moved quickly and we were able to find a four top inside to sit. The girl at the front was friendly and efficient and food came out fast.   I ordered the whole rack of ribs and BD ordered the large pulled pork sandwich with garlic bread.  The pork was amazing. Juicy succulent pieces that weren't overcooked to mush or dried out. BD really enjoyed it and he's extremely picky about pulled pork. The sauce that comes with it was on the side and it didn't seem to go with the pork. It was basically vinegar and red pepper flakes. The garlic bread was good.   The ribs were not that great. The sauce was too sweet for my taste with big chunks of black pepper and brown sugar. Sauce aside, which is just a preference, there wasn't much meat on the bones and it was a bit on the dry side. I've had better for sure.   I don't live in the area but if we were to return we would get the pulled pork and I would try something else.  

                Best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had (and no frilly gourmet slaw - just delicious meat and bread). The sauces accompanied it well with one vinegar-based and one tangy/sweet. Love the vibe here too. Great beer selection and unpretentious crowd.  

                These guys DONT EFF AROUND when it comes to amazing BBQ. Whenever I come up to Norcal I stop here and its never a dissappointment. The best barbecue I ever had. The brisket is always sold out whenever I come around, but the tri tip is the next best thing in my opinion. Try it fo yo self. On da real.  

                The first time I ate here it was some of the best brisket I've had in California. Unfortunately I've since seen the quality of their "sliced" brisket turn into an overcooked pulled-pork-looking pile of meat.  The brisket used to only be available on Fridays but now is always available and the quality has definitely dropped.   On another trip here I ordered tri-tip which was good. Others in my group ordered sandwiches that they enjoyed. On my last trip they were out of a few things so I tried the ribs which were great!  

                Second time here over the summer.  Had the Hella Happy beer which was surprisingly good and washed the tender juicy ribs down nicely. The kids and hubby love it.  We take trips to Aptos just to visit his place. Can't wait to go back and order more ribs and different draft.  

                Gross! I have absolutely no idea who is giving this restaurant four and five stars! We just finished (thankfully shared) a pulled pork meal which was a stringy, dry, fatty, tasteless glob of meat. I lived for years in San Luis Obispo so perhaps I'm just spoiled but this was not enjoyable. I am on vacation so decided to keep a good attitude and instead get excited about the coleslaw and beans...also gross. The coleslaw was tiny shredded cabbage w no flavor. The beans were underdone and flavorless. Underdone beans are uncalled for. It is 3:00 in the afternoon so it's not like they were racing to open/start serving.   The whole experience got even worse when my four year-old had to use the bathroom! It is a shared bathroom which would be ok but it was disgusting! The door had that thick layer of grime on it where everyone's icky mitts have pushed it open for years apparently. Then, there is a urinal with one of those stinky lemon things swimming in pee!!! My daughter said, "Mommy, what's that yucky smell that smells like pee and cleaner?"   The best part is that I returned to the counter where I paid the tip in advance to ask for my tip back...the owner/manager/someone self-important completely ignored me forever while he clocked in his kitchen staff and then when a gal asked me what she could do for me, I asked her for the tip back, she didn't bat an eye. Neither did he! Neither person cared at all why I would be requesting my tip back.   What a disappointment for a semi-Northern California eating experience. As a reluctant transplant to Southern California, I expect more from Northern California...service, food quality, cleanliness and fellow diners' expectations. Hopefully, I'm just not far enough north quite yet.  

                Great environment (small join, live music), solid bbq (tri tip salad was amazing, pulled pork sandwiches are great), and over 30 beers on tap.    Small spot, but they moved people through pretty well.  Ribs were the only disappointment -- a little tough and sparing on meat, but I would try again.  Everything else was so perfect I still rate it 5 stars, and I eat a lot of BBQ.  

                Not from the area. Here for training and found this place on yelp. It holds to its rating and has amazing bbq will definitely be back during my two week stay  

                We have ordered catering for three parties of 50 and all three parties were a complete success with tons of positive conversation about the food. Thank you  

                Wow! Tasty stuff! I'm not usually a BBQ-lover but I may have been converted! Their corn bread and ribs are great! They do sell out and are very busy (for good reason) so don't be afraid to go early. They also have live music sometimes! I heard the new restaurant on mission, mission at BBQ, is owned by the same people but I haven't been there personally.  

                Been coming here about once a week for lunch since I found this place 3 months ago. The BBQ here is amazing. The rib sandwich and pulled pork sandwich are my favorite. Don't forget add the hog wash on your pulled pork sandwich. Sets it over the top.   I've tried everything here and have all been delicious.  Note: Good BBQ takes time to prepare so if you stop by before closing on a Saturday, yeah, they might not have what you want. Stop complaining.  

                I was pleasantly surprised by Aptos St. BBQ. My friends and I were hanging out prior to the Super Bowl before we realized that we needed grub for the game. And boy oh boy did Aptos St. BBQ exceed my expectations. We got a family pack of ribs and tri-tip with sides of beans, coleslaw and potato salad. I loved everything! My favs would have to be the tri-tip and beans. The beans were kinda smokey flavored and reminded me of chili. Mmmm mmm good!  If you are in the area like I was, you should totally hit this place up!  

                Did not care for this place.  Meat was too fatt, and too salty..  We like Sam's, but have to drive to Campbell for that.  

                This place got excellent BBQ. My favorite items are ribs and their potato salad. The place have limited seating, so get there early on the weekends.  

                Delicious. The pulled pork is my favorite, the ribs for my husband. The beer selection is great and they give you little samples. Which, is great because my mind gets a little boggled with all the choices. It's a little dark in there on a rainy day, so maybe a little extra light? Between the low-light, dark skies outside and the Blues playing, I was feeling very drowsy. But, that's a subjective opinion...so just a suggestion.   They support local schools, which is big plus in my eyes.  Go! Yummy....  

                Wow! and all these people left good reviews? That doesn't make sense at all. AT ALL!!!!! Probably the owner leaving all the so called 'good reviews" or his family.  Here's our story:  I called to make sure they were opened and when I did they had told me they were out of ribs and beans. Ok that's alright. We get there less than an hour later(this was Saturday night, still an hour or so til closing) and the place was opened but no lighting to tell you where the entrance was. First clue.  Next we walk inside, nobody acknowledged us at all, but when trying to view the menu on the wall, we were all blinded by the light and could not read it without having to cover our eyes, like we were outside in the sun!!! You need to remove those lights there! HELLO????? !!!!!Second clue.  3RD CLUE=They were out of just about everything! Ribs, chicken, tri tip, beans, corn and whatever else....Who the F*** runs out of food on a Saturday or at all for that matter???????? That just blows my mind away. You are a restaurant. Unheard of!!  WOW!!!  So we didn't even get to try their food, and we will  never step foot in this place again. They acknowledged us right when we said something about all the food they do not have. I think you need to take that message on your website off- 'until we run out" and stock up on food.\!!!!!  I think you will have better business. UNBELIEVABLE!!  

                Aptos BBQ has mastered supply and demand with a monopoly on good BBQ in Aptos. Word to the.wise - pick up dinner early.  Erin and I went for take out at about 7:00 on a Friday night eager to try the tritip. Knowing San Luis Obispo is famous for this cut of beef we were eager to try it from another central coast town. To our dismay Aptos BBQ was sold out.  This is a frequent occurrence at the end of a service because there is a "SOLD OUT" sign right next to the cash register. When we arrived tritip and rib sandwiches were listed on the board. I read through the menu and setter on pulled pork. A few minute later the board was updated and pulled pork was sold out.  We got to the front of the line and were told we should try the Friday night special brisket. Okay - 1 order please - with St. Louis Ribs.  Right after we placed our order the brisket was put on the "SOLD OUT" board. Thankfully we got the last order. We also ordered a blackberry cobbler. That too went up on the "SOLD OUT" board! We thought we'd got the last of that too. However after about 5 minutes we were told it sold out before our order and we were steered to the bread pudding.  Good 'nuff.  We took ours to go. We still enjoyed the two-piece blues band entertaing folk in the small dining room.  I also entertained myself by reading through their extensive beer menu. The microbrew per capita is quite high because of all their choices.  Enjoyed brisket, ribs, and BBQ sauce. We delayed our dessert and ate it for breakfast the next day Bread pudding is the breakfast of champions.  

                This is why I love yelp. Passing through town looked up restaurants and found this place.  Great BBQ, awesome beer selection,    live music, good vibe. What else could you ask for. Yelp came through again.  

                Excellent 'cue.   We were directed to this place while waiting for a local brewery to open and showed up a good half hour or so before opening time.   The next 30 minutes were spent drinking in the smell of hardwood smoke and meat while contemplating the term "cruel and unusual punishment."  The doors finally opened and we were the first ones in.  A three meat plate seemed the perfect amount for our tastes so we did ribs, tri-tip and pulled pork with coleslaw and beans as the sides.  Then we moved over and got a couple of the local craft beers they have on tap.  The food came out fairly soon and we dug in. The first thing I noticed was the vinegar based sauce.  Thin and flavorful, but not spicy.  It went especially well with the pork.  I tried the ribs first. They weren't falling off the bone and I wondered if we came later whether they might be.  What struck me however was the insanely delicious peppery rub they seemed to use with a wash of the vinegar sauce.  The taste of the meat itself was also very good.   Next I went for the tri tip.  Now at home I'm a grilled tri tip guy.  I like hot and fast, medium rare.  This was slow cooked and had that perfect smoke ring.  It was very tasty, especially when dipped in the sauce.  Next I got into the pulled pork.  They gave us plenty and that included some of the bark. Goodness gracious was this meat tasty.  And the bark was like candy.  Next time I might just order a pound of that and stuff myself.   Lastly were the sides.  Sometimes simpler is better and the coleslaw was just that.  A vinegar base with just chopped cabbage and not all the extra junk in it.  Makes you fee like you are kind of consuming something healthy!  Then there were the beans.  They had this great smoky flavor with some chili in it to give just a bit of spice. The tri tip rubbed in the sauce from the beans was crazy good.    All in all, this was a perfect meal.  Now if we can just make it back one evening when they have the music going between 6 and 8....  

