                Amazing service. Amazing food. Amazing drinks. Amazing architecture!  Boy am I lucky to have a foodie bf who knows just the spots to make reservations for us when we're out of town.   This restaurant is simply divine. I absolutely loved the interior design of this place. But we're not here just to admire the furniture pieces are we? Hellz no. We foodies and we gotta talk about dat grub!  Things I swallowed that were amazing: -The Scala: Jalapeño Infused Tequila, Lemongrass Syrup, Domaine de Canton, Lime Juice (this drink is one of my top fave tequila cocktails now) -Kennebec Fries w/ Meyer Lemon Aioli (fries are perfectly crisped!) -(Vegetarian Pesto Pasta Dish - I forgot the name! The pasta was handmade fettuccine and completely doused in this amazing pine nut pesto sauce. The best part of this dish were the sun chokes and green peas for sure.)  I tasted some of the bf's American Mule as well as his Oven Roasted Petaluma Chicken which was sooo bomb! That chicken was super crispy and juicy!  This is a MUST go-to if you ever dine in Saint Helena. But remember, make reservations. I'm sure this place gets just as packed on weeknights as they do on weekends.  

                Loved this place. Made me wish (just a little) that I lived in Napa so I could try out everything on their menu. I ordered the lamb gyro with couscous; portion was very filling. Lamb gyro was delicious; couscous was a bit on the bland side. Went with friends and tried a little of what they ordered. The duck bun was interesting and delicious; it was constructed like a regular-sized hamburger using baozi dough.  It's been a while since I last went to this restaurant. Didn't complete the review right away so the details are fuzzy. But my overall impression was that I definitely need to go back again when I'm in SF. Love this place!  

                The food here earns five stars easily; we went for brunch and the mimosas were perfectly mixed, the bacon was perfectly crisped, and the french toast was to die for--creamy and decadent but not too heavy or too filling.  This place has a great "greenhouse-like" patio--it feels like you're eating outdoors but is walled off and filled with greenery. Great ambiance for a long, lazy brunch in St. Helena.  And when I say long brunch, I mean LONG--the slow service was the only bad part about this place. Slow to bring drinks, slow to take our order, slow to bring food; the waitress was clearly trying really hard, and a few other tables were giving her a hard time, so I felt bad for her. I'm glad we overbudgeted our time and allowed two hours to eat, because if we hadn't, we would have missed our appointment at the winery we went to next. Shit happens, and the food was well worth it, so I'm hoping this was just a one time crazy delay. I'd be inclined to give this place another try next time I'm in town.  

                Came in for brunch on a Sunday with last minute reservations.  They weren't too busy, meaning there were more than several open tables.  The dining room set up is unusual with many tables being communal booths.  It could be a little too close for comfort for some people.  We didn't mind so much.  The dining room is large.  Service was very slow despite the level of activity...for example, food took a while to come out, and our server was difficult to find when we needed assistance, such as beverage refills or new silverware.  I highly recommend ordering the cinnamon bun.  It will probably be the best thing you eat that day.  I had the Norwegian Benedict.  It was just ok.  Eggs were almost too well done, which is not the correct temperature for eggs in a benedict.  I won't rule this restaurant out of my brunch repetoire, but it won't be a go-to either.  Worth giving another shot-- even if just for another taste of that cinnamon bun!  

                I couldn't have found a better place to have brunch for New Year's day.  This restaurant is amazing.  They had their usual Saturday/Sunday brunch menu for New year's day and I was so happy.  From the moment we walked in, we were treated so well.  The lady at the front desk welcomed us warmly and we were seated right away.   The restaurant is designed by the owner Howard Backen who is one of the Bay Area's distinguished architects.  The restaurant feels very luxurious, comfortable and warm all at the same time.  The food is excellent and the service is top notch.    My 3 year old son loved it here and my husband was impressed.  Our waiter greeted us right away and gave us a run down of his recommendations, since this was our first time.  I ordered the Corn Beef hash and my husband ordered the Trout.  We also ordered a short stack of lemon ricotta pancakes and donut holes as well as the cheddar biscuits.   Every single bite of my hash was delightful and my husband loved his trout.  They kept our water refilled and managed to check in with us without being intrusive. Highly recommend and I can't wait to return.  

                We came here for New Year's eve dinner and sat in the porch area.  The heat lamp was so hot, we had to ask them to turn it down a notch.  From the porch, we could still hear and enjoy the live musician they had in for the night.  I sat on a bench that was a bit too high for the table.  Not too painful but noticeable.  We started with some grilled scallops that had stewed fennel on top. Delicious.  For my main i had a half lobster with a citrus butter sauce, mandarin/satsumas, brocolini, and hazelnuts.  We also shared sides of brussel sprouts and artichoke.  Everything was delicious.  For dessert we opted for their banana ice cream sundae and that was a disappointment.  The ice cream did not taste like banana and the portion was tiny for the $12 price tag. It was a chocolate shell bowl with a small portion of banana ice cream, peanuts and a hot chocolate sauce on the side.  

                This amazing restaurant is nestled on St Helena's Main St. It's a bit strange as they have a parking lot right next to the  restaurant but no one who is going to Archetype is allowed to park there at all. Lucky for us we found a parking spot a block away. Just be aware they are limited for three hours.  We were running a few minutes late as well as our friends. We told the maitre'd that our friends were not there yet. He was about to seat us but our friends had just showed up.  He asked if we wanted to be seated in the main dining area or in the patio. Of course we sat in the covered patio area.  This was cool as my gf and I got the full blown heated seats on our legs from all around.  This was our first time here. I wanted to come to an establishment for lunch that wasn't far from Castello di Amorosa. It was only a ten minute drive. It was also a good choice due to Yelp's reviews!  All of us had different entrees for brunch. We were given options of plain water or sparkling water. I had the corned short rib hash with Brussels sprouts & poached eggs. The dish was perfect. My HB had the tandoori chicken salad. My gf had the crusted gulf shrimp with like a cole slaw. Her HB had the duck breast on the waffle and a poached egg.   They did ask if we wanted wine but we had plans for wine tasting later at the castle. I did see how it was pricey from previous reviews. I was disappointed that the menu was a bit different from what was shown online that there was the duck breast in a bun with dirty fried rice but not on today's menu:(  My meal was excellent as well as my gf's & my HB's. Her HB's entree appeared mediocre. I didn't get a chance to taste it as it wasn't appropriate for me to share anyway. Well maybe we will have to try it down the line.  I was full halfway so I was the only one to have mine to go. I probably will finish it the next day! No dessert for us!  We will probably be back again someday. We like how cozy and modern it is inside. It's just parking is such a pain! But probably makes one enjoy the other shops down the street from where they are located. I did past model bakery btw; loll!  I'm sure we'll be back!!!  

                Sunny and welcoming this restaurant makes you feel you are sitting on a southern veranda. The seating is comfortable and check ins are appreciated. The servers are as nice as can be, the dining room is painted a soft banana yellow with white pottery lining shelves along the wall softly backlit. There's a full bar at the back of the eatery that is just as bright and inviting.   Reminiscent of North Carolina, where barbecue sandwiches are unlike ones served elsewhere, because they add coleslaw before they top off the bun. That's exactly how the boneless rib sandwich was served at Archetype, along with their unique sweet potato "cones." Delightful food served in a pleasant atmosphere by people who seemed to enjoy working there...a winning combination.  

                A little further down from the busier part of Main Street, but so worth the extra steps.  You'll need them after you stuff your face here.    LOVE the space, it's gorgeous and makes you want to sit there all day!    Ingredients are supreme here and they execute with precision: -fabulous freshly brewed green tea -buttermilk waffle, light and faintly crisp, one of the best, ask for butter/preserves on side, I wish I did -savoy spinach and king trumpet omelet, simple, cooked to perfection, GREAT potatoes, crispy bits and crusted sides -grilled Mexican chorizo, hominy & green chili stew, unique brunch dish, generous with the chorizo, most of the fat was rendered out through the grilling process, black kale was seasoned masterfully, the lime crème and fried egg really brought the dish to a whole 'nother level.  MUST order.   -even a simple glass of skim milk had some magic in it, tasted so fresh, like they milked the cow in the back  Smile on my face the entire meal.  SO good.  Will be on my list anytime I am in the area.  Perfect last meal to cap off our trip!  

                Review is based on Sunday Brunch  Easily one of the top 5 Brunch spots I've been to in my life. From the restaurant, to decor to food and service it was all outstanding.  My wife and I shared the Cheddar Biscuits, Duck Confit & Waffle and the Walnut Cinnamon Roll. Like i said everything was just great! I dont have 1 complaint about this place or the food. I thought the restaurant was absolutely beautiful as well. I had a bloody she had some champagne and we had some coffee too.   I'd go back in a heartbeat, actually I wanna go back because we wanted the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes so badly but couldnt fit in another bite.   This place is fabulous!  

                This is now our 3rd time for breakfast on our way out of town... Alexis was our server again and it's nice to be remembered and by such a warm smiling person. This said, I will imagine she gives this warm gracious service to all of her guests. She truly is one of the best servers we have experienced in a restaurant.  Ok, the food: It's always been good, had the chorizo this time (not a big fan of chorizo, but gave it a try) and was pretty good... what we like is they'll let you make up your own meal and put it together for you... This time around, we had donut holes to start and yummmmy... last time was their cinnamon rolls - to die for! Many unique breakfast combos and we love the physical space as well... Superbly designed, light and airy!  

                Archetype is fast becoming a favorite for weekend brunch or to stop in for a craft cocktail and nosh when you are doing the St. Helena main street stroll. It's a bright, open space where one can imagine you are stepping into the pages of a Restoration Hardware catalog to attend an upscale garden house party.   The brunch food is not too different from what we had when it was French Blue. An emphasis on eggs and goodies from the brick oven, though the menu offers plenty of variety for everyone from toddler to foodie. New name, and a new chef came on board while the restaurant was still under the previous name. Everything I've had so far has been good, though I have plenty of the menu left to go through in search of the 'it' thing.   The Cubano - a very eggs benedict-like, mostly pork, sandwich with an egg and hollaindaise sauce. Good, but not screamin.' The pickled cauliflower side might have been my favorite part.   The petrale sole po' boy - Good, but I was looking for it to be crispier. It got kinda bogged down with grease. Served with tasty Bryan's potato chips.  Avocado Toast - Probably my favorite so far. Great blend of tart greens, sweet kumquat. A little slim on the avocado. Refreshing, clean. Great to split as an appetizer if you just want a little something with your cocktail.  Buttermilk waffle with strawberry preserves and whipped cream, with a side of bacon. Perfect for my 13yo.   Cinnamon walnut rolls with orange cream cheese frosting. These are darn good. They split three ways nicely.  Next thing I want to try is the corned beef shortrib hash!  Craftmade cocktails: The Scala - a fancy, spicy version of a margarita with jalapeno infused tequila. YUM! Only minor flaw for me is that I wish the rim was a cayenne salt instead of cayenne sugar. Blue Marie - a fancy and nicely spicy version of a bloody mary with pepper infused voka. Also YUM! A Moscow Mule type drink I shared with a friend -  It came in a copper mug. Refreshing. Seemed like one of those drinks that will sneak up on you because you don't taste the alcohol.   Great for groups (they have a huge long table that is normally a community table and several tables for 6), for dates, for families (if kids can sit still) or friends.  

                This place was quite good, but not out of this world.  Solid food, beautiful space, and decent (though a bit slow) service.  I enjoyed my spinach and mushroom omelette (the roasted potatoes that accompanied it were excellent!) and my husband thought his baby back ribs sandwich was decent (the meat was cooked well, but the BBQ sauce was nothing special).  We shared an order of the doughnut holes, which were pretty standard.  The service was polite but seemed a bit slow...it took them a while to take our orders and the food also took a while to come out.  Overall it was fine, but we won't be hurrying back.  

                Excellent food! If you are strolling in Saint Helena downtown and you happen to be hungry or thirsty, you should check out Archetype.  Interesting decors, all white, very relaxing and modern interior design, made you very comfortable being there.  Came here for lunch. Great lunch menu with decent selections of craft cocktail. I like them because they are not the usual American or Asian restaurants that you usually see. Definitely offer a novice fusion of Asian, Greek, and other kinds of cuisine.   I had the duck buns on their lunch menu. Very creative recipe, the duck was kinda like duck confit, very cripsy on the skin, buns were like the white Chinese kind which was slightly sweet. Together with the killer sauce and toppings resulted in a very interesting nice mix of textures. Came with a side of dirty fried rice too, flavorful and delicious. I tried other stuff on the lunch menu too but these duck buns were the best for sure.  Let me re-iterate...... must get the duck buns!!!  

                I have never had a bad experience at Archetype. The menu and the quality of the food is SO much better than it was while under the French Blue moniker.   Though I will say the last time I was there I got the bagel which was amazing except for the criminally small amount of cream cheese given.   The ambiance is adorable. The natural lighting and cushy seating makes it great for brunch!  

                Gorgeous rustic-farmstyle restaurant with good food.  Would have given it a 3.5 * if I could but the ambience apwas warm and friendly, so what the heck.  If you check in on yelp, you can get some yummy freebies, so be sure to do that!  

                I LOVE NAPA! Too bad i don't KNOW Napa enough to book a Saturday night birthday dinner a week plus in advance. I know, I know, this is probably more of a sensible thing ANYWHERE than a not knowing Napa thing.   Well, that's why Archetype gets the 4 stars. 3.5 for the food and 4.5/5 stars for the overall experience and service. They were able to take our group of 16 within an hour last minute. Not a bad last minute choice thanks to my Uncle for his super research skills!  From the outside, what you see of Archetype does not do justice for the inside of the restaurant. You step in to a quaint patio furnished with patio seating and benches and cushions for your seats. And BONUS! Dogs allowed! The inside was just as amazing. Beautiful open set up ranging from small tables to full length large party tables  with an open concept kitchen towards the back.   And I have to give it to the chef, all the food was actually cooked VERY well. A few orders just happened to be a little on the salty side. Which for me, Salt Lover Queen, takes a lot for me to say.   The selection of Red and White wines we ordered was of course amazing. No complaints there.   The APPETIZERS: oysters (fresh and amazing), tator tots (cooked perfectly where it was a slight crunch on the outside and nice and soft on the inside BUT was just a  little on the salty side)  The MAINS: The Halibut was tender and delicious. I didnt care for the bacon crust- it definitely didnt taste like bacon and if anything made the perfectly cooked halibut bready which I'm not a fan of.   The Steak- cooked almost as if it was supposed to be part of a fajita: with peppers, and onions. No complaints as it was just oozing with flavor.   The Chicken- Perfectly cooked, tender, and NOT dry! Loved this dish.   The Duck- which my aunt ordered I unfortunately didn't get to taste looked amazing as well.   OH! And my little 4 year old cousin had ordered the pasta which was so simply cooked. Just pasta mixed with butter, olive oil, and salt. AMAZING. Not going to lie, i was a little jealous of her dish. Pasta's my achilles heel.   And to top it off had an amazing birthday cake (slice) which unfortunately they do charge for but they topped it with a candle and added some ice cream to.   Love it! And loved that I was able to spend my birthday with my large family whom I don't see enough. PLUS (makes well if we all order different things- I get to try the whole menu!) =)   Thanks Archetype for a great experience!  

                Located at the start of downtown St. Helena (if you are driving from Calistoga), you will find an expertly decorated restaurant that screams Napa style. The food here is absolutely fabulous and a great place to bring someone for their birthday celebration or for a romantic meal.  The standouts for dinner include: oven-roasted brussel sprouts with marinated shitake mushrooms and spicy mustard sauce, buckwheat blinis with huckleberry compote, curried cauliflower gratin with chickpea crackers (like Indian papadum), and the rye tagliatelle with kale and squash (a lighter version).  

                Oh boyyy, I think all these reviews are from out of towners who were wine tasting and too buzzed to taste the food.   I definitely thought the quality of food and cocktails was better when this place was French Blue. On a recent visit to the new Archetype, the avocado toast was overly mushy and overdressed, brussel sprouts burnt (and that's coming from a lady who adores crispy browned sprouts!), ribs undercooked and lacking flavor, and steak a good ole average.  So many better restaurants in St. Helena/ the region. Skip this spot.  

                Yum, yum, yum.  Had dinner for 2 here, seated near the fireplace in the large whitewashed interior room that felt like I was sitting in the middle of a Crate & Barrel catalog. The attention to detail in the design of the restaurant -- even the open kitchen -- is spectacular, yet it doesn't scream designer at all. Which I guess is the idea.  But no matter how beautiful a restaurant can be, the food has to match. And it did when we had dinner there last night.  The appetizers were a little pricey ($15) range so we shared some roasted brussell sprouts. These are all the rage these days; these were perfectly done.  For the main course, I had Mt. Lassen trout. Nice smoky flavor on a bed of German-esque potato salad and a slaw that had beets and caraway seeds. Nice portion. Our other entree was roast lamb that sat on top of couscous and some lamb meatballs. Served in cast iron pot, it looked good and tasted even better.  Oh -- and some nice cocktails. Try the Mafia Mule served in a traditional copper mug.  I'll knock off one star for the service, which was polite but a little lackadaisical at times from a youthful server.  

                I went for brunch on Saturday and it was great! I had the half stack of the lemon ricotta pancakes which melted in my mouth. I should've gotten the full stack, they were that good. We also got the lemon grilled boules, which we could've done without. They weren't bad, but they weren't that great and we didn't really eat them much. I got a side of the yukon potatoes which were unbelievable. They were cooked and seasoned perfectly and had the right amount of crunch to softness. I was very pleased. The person dining with me had the omelet which was amazing as well. That also came with the potatoes I ate. He also got a side of the bacon which had a wonderful sweet flavor along with the salty bacon taste we all love. The fresh squeezed orange juice is a bit pricy, but it really is delicious. Overall it was a great brunch and the service was extremely friendly.  

                I've eaten here many times since they changed the name from French Blue to Archetype.  Some meals have been very good, but others not so much; the issue isn't inconsistency but just some dishes that are a little off in my view.  While the food has been hit or miss depending on the dish, the service has been consistently good.  My husband's pear and ham salad came with horseradish sauce -- other than this odd addition, it was a nice salad.  My tomato bisque was overly acidic and tart -- even with the cardamom cream.  I didn't care for it.  The fried saffron rice sticks were really good.  My husband's steak was cooked as he requested and it came with a salt-seared onion which was good, but the blue spoon cheese was odd.  My lamb (two ways -- thinly sliced leg of lamb and tiny lamb meatballs) was good, though it came with very dry couscous (didn't seem very fresh) and not so subtle mediterranean spice sauce.   The "sumac roasted carrots" were beyond dead ... shriveled, rubbery sticks.  The tater tots with french onion dip have been consistently good, as are the fries, the chicken paillard and the fish and chips -- although the accompaniments of the chicken paillard and the fish and chips have since changed.  

                wow. this place is just gorgeous inside. I'm surprised it's not rated higher than Market because I think it's better. I've been to Market a few times, and this was my first time here, but I really loved it. I can't quite say the decor overshadowed the food, but there is something special about the way it's designed.  I was with three other people who wanted to share everything so that was great. We all got to try a bunch of dishes. the two appetizers which stood out for me were the pork belly and the grilled leeks. both were superb and I'd order either one of them again. The flat iron steak, duck breast and ribs were all excellent. we had a side of the roasted brussel sprouts which tasted great, but there was a bit too much aioli mixed in with them for my taste. I'd ask for the aioli on the side next time.  no corkage for the first bottle of wine and $10 for the second which is awesome. btw, many restaurants in Napa don't have corkage so take advantage of that!  

                Nice place for Sunday brunch! The place has such a cute and homey feel to it and they allow dogs in their patio :)   All the food we had was a-ok: doughnut holes, waffle, fruit and granola, and ice cream sandwiches. If I were to come back I'd probably get a different dessert though. After having It's It ice cream sandwiches all other ice cream sandwiches pale in comparison! Btw I decided to stick with menu items I was familiar with and had heard of (wasn't so sure about some of the items I saw) and did not go wrong with that decision.  Service could've been better. The hostess was very friendly but our waiter not so much. Also, service seemed a bit slow and could've been more attentive (and friendly).  The ambiance is what really helps bump this place up to four stars. The tables are placed close together, and there was a gnat that ended up in my Pink Mimosa, but that patio is just so cute and homey!  

                I think this is my favorite breakfast place now!!! Soooo adorable! Their sunroom is lovely especially on a nice day. It's was too cute! Every time people would pass by, they'd stop and look at the place.   I also love the food. I ordered the Duck Confit with waffles. I was so full but I wanted to keep eating Cuz it was really good.   I'd come back every time I'm in town!  

                What an exciting find. The menu is diverse and will definitely expand your palette. Starting with their French fries is a must. The staff was helpful and kind. I have an injury and asked to change tables to be more comfortable and they were completely accommodating. Enjoy!  

                Was in Calistoga for a relaxing girls weekend and booked Archetype for our nice dinner out. We ordered drinks, appetizers, entrees and a dessert and after dinner drinks, the whole shebang. The food was okay -- one side dish was tasty (the cauliflower) but the duck and ahi weren't all that great. The waiter was pretty nice, despite not coming to the table for 20 minutes after seating us initially. We had to call the manager to just get the waiter to come back to the table.  Would have been an average 3 or 4 star experience except after we paid our check with what we thought was a generous tip (20%), the waiter proceeded to blatantly examine the check in front of us. Then decided to throw a silent fit and ignore us the rest of the night. Way to ruin the meal and our night. Since when did 20% stop being a really good tip? We were super confused and would never go back because of him.  

                Decided to try Archetype for my birthday lunch. We ate here before when French Blue, kind of disappointed not quite the same. Parking close to here is impossible. No parking lot. The lunch menu was on the small side. Not a lot to choose from also kind of pricey. My wife enjoyed the Brussels sprout and shiitake mushroom. She also ate the duck confeet lettuce wrap. I decided on the cheeseburger. For $17, i was not wowed! The patty was good sized but on the dry side. It call with fries and a small cup of ketchup, waitress asked if I wanted mayo & mustard but never brought it. I guess she was busy with the 2 other customers there. I guess you need to go here for breakfast, your reviews for breakfast are far better than their lunch. Without any wine or dessert with tip was $72. Good lunch, but there are better places to eat around this area.  

                Went with a group of 5 (we were able to get last minute reservations).    First, the space is beautiful.  They were named in the top 10 "Most Beautifully Designed" by Architectural Digest.  Do I need to say more?  Second, the food and drinks were excellent.  We ordered a couple of bottles of red wine for the table; however, several in our party tried their handcrafted cocktails.  My husband and I stayed drinking the red wine, but everyone enjoyed their drinks.  For an appetizer, I had the Six West Coast Oysters with sherry mignonette (the only "sauce" I like on my oysters) and they were fresh. For my main entree, I had the Snake River Farms Flat Iron Steak (blue cheese spoon bread, salt baked onion, cabernet sauce).  So Good.  As usual, our group got rather boisterous, but the staff was friendly and attentive the entire time.  Need to go back to try more.  

                Archetype - New name and new menu....  Was skeptical at first, but WOW!  In that one word I have to say Kelly Sherman and her team have really done a great job!    From the minute you walk in the door, until you leave the staff there knows how to give you a truly amazing Napa Valley experience.  We had good friends in from Paris and took them there...  The dinner was amazing.  We started with the Hamachi, Buckwheat Blinis and Poached Egg with Serrano Ham!!!  OMG!  Then the main courses...  Skirt Steak for two of us and the Ahi for the other two...  The steak was tender and very well cooked.  I can't say enough about how great our meal was from beginning to end.  We're going there today for lunch!  Too much of a good thing?  No way!  ;)  

                I loved the ambiance of this place.  It's very bright, warm, and somewhat country French.  I appreciated the couch seats since it was a very long day.  My BF thought it's very Williams Sonoma/Pottery Barn.  I guess I see that.  I also found the price to be more reasonable than other spots in Napa.  We loved many of the dishes and notice that the food and menu seem to try to tap into that child in all of us who never tire of crispy fried things and processed cheese.  Tator tots app with sour cream, peach salad with something that can only be described as upscale "cheese whiz", the salmon had fried artichokes, the leg of lamb had fried squash.  The fig dessert was a cross between a fig newton and a pop tart.  For that I loved it.    Not sure if I will be back for dinner, but will definitely stop by for brunch.  Food wise compared to the rest of the county, I would think this is really more of a 3.5, but the architecture, the free corkage, and the dog friendliness makes me a fan!  

                My husband and I enjoyed dinner here on a Tuesday. We were driving to Yountville, and we second guessed if we should have dinner there or go back to St. Helena. We were glad we tried Archetype. It was one of the best and most creative dinners I've had in Napa Valley. (I've also tried Bouchon, Ad Hock, Bottega, Redd) We split the:  1. Nantucket Bay Scallops --- absolutely delicious. It was a refreshing and wonderful dish. I was hesitant with bay scallops because they are usually very fishy, but these were very fresh, and it paired beautifully with the California endive, grapefruit, and sesame dressing.   2. Grilled Leeks ---- superb. The leeks and all the ingredients were fresh, and the leeks had a nice grilled taste without being overpowerful and smokey.  3. Liberty Farms Duck Breast----done perfectly. Not overcooked and not rare. Just perfect. I'm very picky when it comes to duck, and this one is flavored just wonderfully. The bed of braised cabbage also adds dimension to the duck breast and compliments it well.  4. Hot Fudge Sundae---it was a treat to watch the hot fudge slowly melt the ball of chocolate containing ice cream. Just like a magic show. It could use more nuts and more ice cream. The dessert was memorable in presentation but just okay in taste.  I would highly recommend this place, and I would absolutely come here again.  

                Went for brunch.  terrific food, great service.  Highly recommend.  

                The best Happy Hour in the valley! Every bite is delicious (although the teeny tarot tot portion has ensured we only ordered those once)!   The duck bun is as good as Paul Qui's Poor Qui Bun and I don't have to go to Austin to indulge :)  The sliders are so yummy I've heard they've become a featured item on the regular dinner service once a week!!  And let's not even talk about the drinks (gotta leave something for you to discover) oh the garnishes be sure to get some brandies cherries!!  

                What a unique and wonderful dining experience!! Just outside of downtown Napa, nestled into the heart of all the wineries, Archetype provided the must needed end of the evening experience!   The venue itself was extremely chic and had a unique flare that made it an incredible memory. The food = bar none, superb. We were in a group of four, but we wanted to experience as much as possible so we decided to share several dishes. The seafood, vegetables, meat- all of it as fresh as could be with a very unique spin on all of the dishes!!   The blinis were probably the most unique and delish. Exotic mushrooms, glazed figs, a healthy buckwheat pancake and to be paired with a unique soft cheese... Incredible.   I would strongly suggest for anyone visiting the area to try this place. A gem for sure!  

                Being a St. Helena resident I've eaten at every restaurant in town and love trying out the new ones.  The food at Archetype is really good. It came out of the kitchen piping hot and perfectly seasoned. I think people, myself included, take both of those things for granted but hot, seasoned food really does make all the difference.  YES: boneless baby back ribs on grits  NO: scallops appetizer  

                Came here for lunch & had an incredible experience! The decor is beautiful & creates the most inviting ambiance. The service was warm & friendly, with top-notch recommendations. We started with the kale & delicata squash flatbread. This was seasoned perfectly & had a subtle smokiness to it. The crust was light & crisp, & the addition of pumpkin seeds gave great texture. Now on to the duck bun, OMG! This was probably one of the single most exciting things I've tried all year. The bun was soft, moist, and pillowy. The duck was crispy, unctuous, and comforting. The pickled vegetables made all of the flavors pop! The dirty rice was a perfect pairing, a hint of spice & fresh scallions kept me going back for more. All in all, I would highly recommend Archetype and I will be back very soon!  

                Came by chance, left enthusiastic! The poached trout with radish leaves and poached eggs with lemon sauce was fabulous My wife had the gulf fried peanut shrimps, they definitely are creative in terms of pairings! The wine however is ridiculously expensive,  from $11 to $23 per glass! Why are you in wine country if you cannot offer cheaper wines? The location, bar and venue is ver airy, relaxing, perfect for a brunch.  

                My "go to" place in St. Helena.  Always consistent, delicious and welcoming!  Must try the tator tots, the duck lettuce wraps and the lamb gyro!  

                Had an amazing brunch experience here. Awesome interior, really cool staff, and great food at a reasonable price.  Highly recommend getting the pancakes and the trout, which is the most "brunchy" fish dish I've ever had.  

                My "go to" place in St. Helena.  Always consistent, delicious and welcoming!  Must try the tator tots, the duck lettuce wraps and the lamb gyro!  

                Been here enough times now to fairly give a rating of 4-stars. Very well-lit classical American interior with food that tastes fresh and made by people that like what they're doing.  

                Delicious!  

                Came here for dinner on a Saturday. The ambiance was great! Everything was very well designed, very clean, very modern, classy but not pretentious.   Food was overall good. Some things are amazing, some are just OK.   - snap peas (appetizer) - amazing! it was so fresh, so springy, and perfectly prepared with black trumpet mushrooms and crispy rice. Definitely the highlight of our meal. - squid - it was supposed to be amazing, but I think it was a bit off, a bit undercooked - cauliflower - this was highly recommended by our waitress, but I thought it was good but not amazing  Service was great! Overall, it was a pleasant dining experience.  

                Very good food and service. We ordered crab crepe, bagel, salmon benedict, and trout. I got the trout. Very surprisingly the trout was served whole with the head on, something I've never seen in the US except in Chinese restaurants. The trout was very good, not dry but enough sear. The owner gave us free cinnamon bun to make up for the longer than usual wait time (we had a reservation). We also got a yelp deal of free donut holes. Both were very good. The decoration of the restaurant was also very tasteful with an open kitchen and very open floor plan and a lovely patio section outside that's enclosed off for winter time. The outside if the restaurant didn't actually looked like a restaurant but more like a printing or publishing compamy, perhaps that's the intended effect for the restr name.  

                I'm so sad. This used to be called French Blue. The service was wonderful, the food was light, fresh, well presented and delicious. This used to be my secret spot when I came to Napa. I guess it was too secret. I'm not sure what happened, but I took my folks who were in town here this past weekend and saw the name change. I hoped it was only that, but it definitely wasn't.  Service: Slow and inattentive...  We arrived around 1:30, yet it still took them a little bit to get us seated even though we saw plenty of waitstaff milling around. They did not wipe the table down where we were seated. When the waitress came over with utensils, she used her hands to wipe the table, decided against it mid gesture and just gave us utensils. They gave us 3 napkins for 4 people. We then waited for about 10 mins, before I had to flag a waiter to bring us the last napkin as well as menus. Again the restaurant was not busy and there were plenty of waiters...  The glasses also smelled like detergent and food...gross  Food: Sloppy and mediocre. Gone is French Blue's beautiful menu. Nothing tasted organic. My granola, yogurt and fruit was slopped onto a plate and the yogurt tasted like something straight out of a plastic container.   We had two more sandwiches and the trout. The sandwiches were sloppily constructed. The trout had two poached eggs on top which confused me. The menu is boring but also not well thought out.  I'm so sad French Blue didn't do well to stay in business, it's even sadder it was replaced by this place.   Most infuriating was the horrible service...for the price your charging the spot and the spot you are in, you really can't afford such bad service. I also hope the sloppy service wasn't due to the fact that we were the only asian people in the restaurant at the time... In any case the food alone would've only received 3 stars from me.  

                Fantastic experience.  The room is inspirational, I felt calm and energized at the same time: soaring whitewashed beamed simplicity, elegant surfaces, sun-dappled, open and inviting.   Went for Brunch - would suggest going early, as I am certain this will be the 'hot ticket' experience.  Ordered a hash of corned beef, potatoes, and brussels sprouts.  Great rich carmelized onions, sweet charred potatoes/brussels sprouts, and perfectly peppery corned beef.  Cappuccino was first rate.  Tasted my daughter's omelette and was astounded by the freshness of the eggs.  Others at the table had the bagel/lox spread - it looked delish (everything bagel, salmon, eggs, capers, onions etc presented on a wooden plank).   I have to return for that.  Fundamentally this was the Platonic Form of a Napa Valley Brunch.   Or should I say Archetype?  

                Different name and image?  Why start over?  I was told originally that we were going to French Blue for brunch and I had heard such wonderful things. We end up going to this Archetype place.  I couldn't tell if it was a restaurant, a bank, or a futuristic technology company where I would be asked to travel back in time to terminate one of it's scientists.  I'm no restauranteur but the name and image change needs some major help.   I got the duck confit and waffle.  Kind of like a play on chicken and waffles.  I like duck and I like waffles, but the two together didn't really do it for me.  The waffle was nothing special.    My cousin got the corned beef has that I was tempted to get.  It was actually quite good.  I'm sure I would be singing a different tune if I had got that instead.    My wife got one of the veggie omelets.  The presentation kind of rang a chord of how you would serve food to Martha Stewart in a minimum security prison.  Nothing special at all, and lots of white plate.  She said the omelet was good, but really nothing special.    I don't know how good the previous establishment was, but I know that the current set up was very subdued.  Beautiful and minimalist.  Kind of like a Martha Stewart minimum security prison.  I don't know what it is.  Did I mention that the name and logo needed major help.    If this place was back home I would give it 4 stars.  Heck, I'll bet if I got the corned beef hash instead it would have gotten 5.  However, this is Napa.  I hold restaurants here to a much much higher standard.  Especially since the value will obviously not be there.  

                We went for brunch and the place wasn't crowded. Hence no excuse for the terrible service we received. 20 minutes for an iced tea?? I had the omelette- it was good but not memorable. My husband had the paillard which was bland.  

                this review is for the WORST customer service ever. I have called 5 times since January 12th. Everytime leaving my contact information. I have also emailed. Yesterday i was assured Mathew would for SURE call me back today. Nothiing. I have been trying to book a private party for 30 people on the patio  for 3 weeks now. The only reason i have tried  over and over again is that it is my daughters favorite restaurant and it is her rehearsal dinner.  

                Came here for Father's Day and had a great experience.   Service A+ - Attentive and friendly. Wait staff checked really took care of us. Gave great recommendations on the menu.  Ambience A - We sat on the patio. Bright and comfortable. Perfect for that sunny day. Food A - Amazing. I can't resist biscuits and gravy. Their rendition of chicken and waffle (in this case it was duck confit) was delicious. And I recommend the grilled trout and poach eggs. When you break the yolk and eat it with the trout - perfect combination. The bloody mary is super yummy too - just enough spice to it.   I can't wait to come back.  

                What a great place.... The overall atmosphere was amazing.  From the moment you walk in the door you feel comfortable.  Sarah the hostess was amazing...  The happy hour was a great price and the overall menu provide good options was great... Overall just a place.     Gnocchi was superb and the strip steak was delicious.   We will be back when we come to Napa for an annual trip.  

                When I saw the place, I instantly had two thoughts: I am going to have a brunch at this place and I am going to bring my date here for a dinner. The restaurant has this clean white-themed interior to make people feel "it could be the perfect way to start my day/date."   After hopping through a few wineries, my friends and I were looking for a place to sum up the wonderful time we had at Napa Valley. Archetype stood out because its spacious layout and neat setting.   The food was great in general, I particularly remembered the duck breast and the Meditating Mule. You can ask to make your Meditating Mule non-alcoholic. The waiters there get it, it's Napa Valley after all.  But your drink will still be very tasting and refreshing.  

                Okay, here's the deal. Ryder Zetts is producing the best food in Napa Valley, PERIOD!! I've worked in the restaurant business for a long time including Mustards Griil which is an institution. The combination of flavors and textures is absolutely amazing. The room is beautiful and the service staff is completely professional.  This is high praise from a guy who has seen a lot in my 40 year career. The duck is fantastic. The grilled leeks with black truffle onion soubise is almost stupid it is so good. What can I say, sometimes it all comes together. The food is the best. The service is fantastic and must be because the management team is doing a great job in shaping this group of young pros! I live in Sonoma county and I am more than happy to drive an hour to experience excellence in everything they do. If you are coming to the Valley, this is a must stop. So if you want to experience a master in the kitchen when you come to the valley, this is your best bet. PERIOD!!  

                The ambiance is great BUT the food is ok:( The tandoori chicken & fries are VERY SALTY i thought I will have Acute Renal Failure!  

                This is without a doubt THE best brunch in the Valley.   First, the decor is fantastic. You feel like you're in a friend's beautiful home. The seating is comfy and the place is just open, bright and lovely.   Then, the menu! It has some of the things you'd expect, like lemon ricotta pancakes and Eggs Benedict to peanut crusted shrimp w/ rice noodles and sesame paste, and the Cuban sandwich. Do not miss the starters - donut holes with creme anglais dip, cinnamon roll with orange maple glaze and cheddar biscuits and gravy. We had the pleasure of meeting Chef Ryder-a total doll, btw, and the service is phenomenal. We've been to brunch here three times. All have been five-star experiences. Can't wait to go back for dinner.  

                I LOVE this place, the ambiance is wonderful and the food at either Brunch, Lunch or Dinner is FIVE stars!! BUT, the Service is slow! The waiters really suffer from ADD, and that's a shame, because the food is so good!! So just stay on your waiter, or else be prepared to wait...  

                I've been very impressed every time I have visited. From drinks at the bar to full meals at either brunch or dinner. Archetype has definitely earned its place in the valley.  

                The service is very slow. It took over 10 minutes for my date and I to just get water. After we ordered, we waited one hour for our food. When I addressed the waitress about the wait, she argued with me saying that the food was ready now. She brought the food out right after and everything was cold except the side of potatoes. Obviously the food had been sitting out for awhile. After sending half of the food back, the manager Matthew came over and let us know that our breakfast was on the house due to the terrible service. We only paid for the coffee we ordered. Needless to say, the only reason I would come back is because of the kind gesture of the manager and because of his sincere apology.  

                Wonderful ambiance, great service & delicious brunch!  The country chic ambiance makes you feel like you're in a modern yet rustic farmhouse. They have a beautiful closed in patio area that gives you the sensation that your dinning at an indoor garden.  The service staff was kind, attentive and quick.  I can only speak to the brunch menu however, I was happily satisfied with my meal and that was the same story for the other three people at my table. The menu offers fresh squeezed OJ, fresh squeezed grapefruit juice, refreshing cocktails, tasty teas, coffee, espresso and of course great brunch options. I had the avocado toast with a side of two poached eggs. This was definitely a more healthy choice yet I was very happy with my meal. It was a tasty combination of fresh greens & tangy kumquats on top of a piece of toast smothered in avocado (it was more like an avocado spread than slices of avocado but I was still happy). The poached eggs were a nice addition that added some protein to the plate. I would order this meal again in a heart beat!   Having brunch here is highly recommended :)  

                Archetype is well designed and decorated - really a great ambiance - the food is really good but on the expensive side. I was there for Sunday lunch and most food items were breakfast but still all that I saw looked great.  

                This restaurant is brightly lit with all natural lighting and nicely designed with lots of character. Service is always friendly and attentive.   The food however is really sub-par. We tried the duck confit with buttermilk waffles (boneless duck & waffle was a little soggy), cheese platter (3 different types: cow, goat, sheep), and donut holes with butter pecan sauce (this was AMAZING!!).  The ambiance, service, and donut holes are great but I wouldn't suggest coming here for their food.  

                I have been here several times and have loved almost every single visit. I'm usually  here for dinner and Happy Hour, but have been here once for breakfast! The staff is incredibly nice and the bartender is beyond amazing! Crazy good craft cocktails and also super nice. Put up with all my questions and made a great version of an aviation, which is my favorite drink.   The place is very inviting. I'm not sure what the decor is specifically called, but I would say its classy, modern country. Lots of white, but warm. LOVE the sun room! Eat out there almost every time!   Each times, the food has been amazing. From the Oysters to the Frog Hallow peaches to the Skirt Steak. Listen to the servers, they have great suggestions in food and wine! Haven't been disappointed. I do have to say I wish they had a larger selection of less expensive wines on the list. The over-the-top wines are also 0ver-the-top expensive for someone on a budget and come here to splurge. That may be too splurgy...  The only reason they aren't 5 star is because of the breakfast. While the menu was good. I wish it was a big bigger. We also came on a weekday and we were pretty much the only ones in there, towards the end. We sat in the sun room and our server was hard to find. He was super nice, but after waiting quite a while for our check, I finally had to get up and go find him. This came as a shock to me as the evening staff is perfectly attentive and much more aware of what is going on even though it's much more busy. Not sure of the circumstances, but it seemed as if they were having a staff meeting or just chatting, I don't know. I had really talked them up to my friend about eating there, so this didn't look so great!   Despite this one ok visit, I will be back for sure and will look up some of my new favorite servers such as Steve, John and Mark,the bartender (I think, I got that right)  

                The duck confrit with waffle was great. They have an eggs Benedict with salmon, stay away. My girlfriend ordered it and it was terrible.  

                I've known this place since it was French Blue, and was skeptical to see the name change to Archetype (personally I think the logo and name are too "industrial" for St. Helena, but the ambiance is still charming). I ate here for lunch previously and it was decent, minus the $7 small glass of watery limeade (never order the limeade, people). I tried it again recently for dinner and had a phenomenal meal.   Three of us shared a combination of entrees and sides and each item was stellar. The gnocchi with mushrooms and peas were soft and "pillow-y" and bursting with flavor. The halibut was perfectly cooked. The squid was probably the most surprising order of the night--smoky and  bold with the perfect bite (not too chewy so you know it's fresh). The in-season padron peppers were to die for. And the fried green tomatoes were crispy yet not oily. We cleaned our plates completely.  For dessert, we shared a fruit cobbler and it was perfection. I'm so glad I gave it another chance for dinner after my "OK" lunch. From the looks of it, most of the people dining were locals who were repeat customers as the wait staff greeted them with familiarity. NOTE: This is not someplace I'd bring my kids to. This is more of a "grown up" place with sophisticated ambiance. Definitely not a place with high chairs and crayons. Hire a babysitter and enjoy a night out.  

                Good food, pretty good service, nice atmosphere, and reasonable pricing. The main dining room is drafty. It felt like the seating in the patio area was warmer.  Archetype is a good place for brunch.  

                The epitome of delicious food and drinks in wine country.  Hopefully while visiting Napa someone has the good taste to direct you to Archetype.  Each time a team member came by to check on us there was never a bad taste for anyone in the group, we found ourselves saying this is greater, that is more great, and that is the greatest.  I truly cannot wait to dine here again.    Walked in to two sweet hostesses, a couple of bartenders crafting mixology cocktails behind the bar, and then a small team of culinary artists creating the cuisine that would soon be rocking our palates.  We started with some autumn cocktails, the Autumn rose, Meditating Mule, and Sloe Season.  We passed around each one and were blown away by the flavor and the expertise in which ingredients had been crafted and blended into all three beverages,  However I wouldn't be able to describe the cuisine in any way that will do it justice.  Our table started with the Bliinis, fruity and flavorful, I wish that I could start each meal with this appetizer.  Our table also started with the Tuna Carpacio, Tomato Bisque, and Pork Belly.  I don't know if I could go back to dine without starting my meal the same way.  The bisque came with small croquettes on the side for dunking in your soup, like and "adult grilled cheese," the tuna carpacio topped with quail eggs was delicious, and the pork belly sided with quince was a winning combination.  Our group couldn't have been happier with entrees as well, the rack of lamb with lamb meatballs and red sauce was lighter, yet still quite hearty, the flat iron steak was tender and extremely flavorful and my duck breast and all the subtle ingredients came together to create an unparalleled experience.    As I said before my descriptions of the evening will not do the cuisine justice, I dare you to prove me wrong, visit Archetype just to make your visit to Napa Valley worth while.  

                I was a bit worried when this restaurant changed names (and ownership?). I was last here when it was Blue, and the food was terrific.   But, Archetype is just as good. You would never know anything had changed - the decor is the same, service is still stellar and the food is delicious. I highly recommend stopping by for brunch and sitting in the patio section.  

                I really wanted to like this place....  The patio ambiance is lovely. The interior décor and design were both fantastic. The service was great.  But the food fell a little short for me.  - Miyagi Raw Oysters: Juicy and flavorful. The best dish - Yellowfin Tuna Carpaccio: The dish itself was a bit "too much". 3 bean salad and everything else on top of it took away from the tuna. I ended up just brushing the toppings off the tuna and ate both separately. Tuna itself was average. - Duck Breast: Duck cooked perfectly but the sauce didn't really do it for me. Cured cabbage with mint leaves were a nice touch. The pancake was good. 3 star dish. - Alaskan Halibut: The potato and clam soup it came in was good. Fish itself was average as well. Maybe I would've enjoyed the King Salmon more?  Overall, not bad but nothing amazing from what I tried.  

                Although they did not give me a free dessert, but I still give them 5stars. The food was very good and the decorations was very nice and comfortable.  

                We had breakfast, which was amazing. So good we came back for dinner and had small plates at the bar. The food is excellent, as are the cocktails. The best Moscow Mule you can find. A little pricey, but the ambiance is worth it.  

                The best brunch Husband and I have ever had, period.   We sat on the "patio" - perfect Sunday morning to do so.   He ordered the chorizo flautas, I had the padron pepper and manchego omelet and we split a small stack of the lemon ricotta pancakes with blueberry sauce.   Oh. My.  Had I not been so full I would have returned for lunch and dinner just to savor more from the kitchen.   Service, ambiance and food all A+.  

                Since Archetype took over from French Blue, the food is vastly improved.  However, the service continues to be among the worst in the Valley.  Everything from bringing water (20 minutes), drink orders (25 minutes) to coffees (we got check first).  Unfortunately this isn't a one-off problem.  Its too bad because the food really is very good  

                A little pricey but worth it. sliders, Tater Tots, Alaskan Halibut poBoy all excellent. Try the Meditating Mule cocktail. Very good. Bravo.  

                Maybe one of the best brunch/breakfasts I ever had! 6 of us cleared our plates before heading out for a day of wine tasting. The staff was excellent and the presentation of the food was perfect.  This place looked like a farm house right out of the pages of Pottery Barn! A little pricey but enjoyably delicious nonetheless. I highly recommend to anyone looking to eat well and spend a few bucks on a beautiful restaurant!  

                By far one of my most favorite restaurants in the Valley! I loved it when it was French Blue, and love it even more now that it has new owners. The decor as always is fabulous. It still has a fresh, french vibe but the menu is different than before.  I went for lunch yesterday and had the Rib Sandwich. I am not kidding, this might have been the best sandwich I have ever had! I will definitely be coming back just for that. The only downside is the prices. Its a nice restaurant though, so its worth the little splurge.  

                I had a very negative experience at Archetype. My friend and I made a reservation for 6:30. We arrived about 20 mins early and asked if we could be seated. The restaurant was completely empty except for 2 tables. The hostess had an attitude and said she could not seat us inside only outside. She said we could be seated inside at our original time, so we said we would come back at or original time.This left us puzzled because the restaurant was near empty and they weren't going to cycle through one seating in 20 mins.   We came back at 6:30 and were seated inside at a communal table that seated 6. We asked if others would be seated with us and the hostess said she would do her best not to. Sure enough, the next couple seated was at our table. Keep in mind the restaurant was only marginally more full than 20 mins prior.   The waiter was overly pretentious and everything he recommended was "fabulous." We ordered an appetizer to share and our entrees. Our appetizer came out in less than 5 mins, not what we expected for a nice restaurant.   My salmon entree was undercooked, which I don't blame them for, the waiter said he would fix it. (Note I was not asked how I wanted it prepared when ordering.) He returned a few mins later with the same salmon including the pieces I bit but on a new plate. I thought this was pretty tacky.   At this point I asked for a manager. The manager came over and we told him everything that had happened.  He did comp my entree so I appreciate that he tried to do the right thing. Overall horrible place. The food does not justify the attitude, everyone that worked here had an arrogant, pretentious attitude.  

                The screen room with string lights offers a warm patio glow with comfortable outdoor seating. The salad, lamb and ice cream sandwiches were all delicious. Great service.  

                This was a great place to have brunch before hitting the wine trails! All of the meal was impeccable from the drinks to the dessert we ordered. The indoor decor is really beautiful and makes you feel like you have been taken to another country! This will be a regular stop when we hit up Napa!  

                Walking in, the place has a lot of charm. It has a like a country- chic, airy and summer type of feel. We sat in the porch, it was warm and sunny, and inviting. The waitresses were all super nice and one waitress put in her two cents on what she thought was the best meal. She was surprised that no one out of our table of 11 ordered the duck and waffles, so my bf ordered that. I have to admit, it seemed like the best thing at the table when all the food came out. It was actually really good. I got the corned beef and it was small, and I was still hungry after finishing it. In a nutshell, I think the entrees were not worth it, bc the portions were pretty small.   On the other hand, though, I checked in on yelp and got a free order of the donut holes. LET ME TELL YOU.... they were AMAZING. SOOO good with the dip, i think it was a maple dip. We ordered more. The appetizer cheesebread were also reeeeaaalllly good. If I knew, I would have ordered a bunch of appetizers and gotten full of that instead of ordering a meal.  We had drinks, they were pricey and just okay. The pink mimosa wasn't pink, it was white.   I like the ambiance and the service here. but I wouldnt go back for the food. Unless I check in again and could just get the free donut holes. MMM  

                For all the great food in Napa Valley, there are not many places to enjoy brunch on the weekend. Enter Archetype. This food is amazing. I've enjoyed brunch there several times now- each time with at least six people. So, each time I have tasted at least six dishes. (Yeah, my friends are like that! We all order different things and share!) and so, I feel justified in saying - this food is Fantastic. Ok. So, on top of amazing food...the place is just beautiful. So comfortable. So homey. Big, open and airy. Then, the service. It's flawless. The servers are smart and friendly, but not too cool for school. They know the menu and can explain it well.  All in all, this is a great place to spend part is a Saturday or Sunday with friends.  Oh yeah, I really want to try dinner there as well...have heard great things from foodies I totally respect.  

                We went for brunch yesterday and (not to get anyone's expectations blown out but) this was one of the finest dinning experiences I've ever had! I was really excited to see the architecture, which was pleasing, comfortable, relaxed & wine country sexy mixed into one. The service...we felt like royalty, we were greeted by all as if we were family. The drinks were phenomenal...then, the food...spectacularly mind blowing.  I cannot wait to go back ~ Cheers Achetype!!!!  

                I'm a California native who recently returned after a stint on the east coast. I'm also a big-time food and craft cocktail lover. I knew I'd miss my favorite restaurants in DC, Baltimore, and NYC, but was very much looking forward to my upcoming move to Napa for obvious reasons.   I've been here for six months now and to my dismay, I've been disappointed on the food front in Napa City. My recent visit to Archetype for happy hour ('555') gave me hope. Leaving the city is the answer, I think. Let me just say, in general my experience in Napa City has been that you pay more for mediocre food/cocktails. Although I've had some memorable meals, that hasn't been the norm. It's like the $$ to $$$ price-range restaurant owners jack up prices because it's Napa and because they can but the food doesn't always match up.   I like to first experiment with happy hour menus. I was so pleasantly surprised by the quality of cocktails and food items at Archetype, that I returned a couple more times. There's a bartender (not sure of his name) who takes pride in the drinks he serves. I'm talking he samples the drinks (hygienically) to ensure each one is up to par. Side note, this kind of quality service is rarely found these days. The ingredients are top notch as well. The Main Street Whisky Sour with brandied cherries makes me happy. Overall, the cocktails are memorable (quality, taste and reproducibility). There are three to choose from and make up the first '5' in '555', meaning $5. Also, I've tried many of the recommended local joints that claim to have the 'best' cocktails in town. Meh, for the most part, I paid $11-$14 for unmemorable drinks. Live and learn.   The second '5' includes a couple of craft beer and wine options. The third includes appetizer food items such as local oysters, which are simple, fresh and of decent size. Looking forward to what dinner offers.  Overall, I left happy and I'll return happy. TY!  

                amaazing! the decor was adorable. I felt like i walked into a west elm/crate and barrel store. Would definitely come back and bring friends to this restaurant. I got the dungeness crab half sandwich and substituted the fries for salad. I LOVED it. the donut holes we ordered for the table were amazing as well. They came out warm and came with a delicious dip. Would highly recommend this place! Enjoy!  

                Bloody Mary - good. Steamed artichoke with chili infused aioli - good. Bbq rib sandwich with coleslaw - very good.  Wife's petrale sole fish & chips - very good according to her as she never offered a taste. Service - good and friendly.  I would like to try dinner here some time.  

                Excellent ambience!  The bar and kitchen are really aesthetically pleasing.  The food was amazing too!  Dungeness crab crepes were amazing.  We also had the donut holes which were nice and toasty and just unreal.  Would definitely go again, and may make this a regular visit type of place when we are in the area  

                As a local St Helena gal I was so happy when the Solage family took over this space and hired one of the best General managers in the business.  The dining room is so comfortable that as much as I love to sit outside I almost always ask to stay inside.  The food is very solid.  I normally go for lunch versus dinner and try to branch out from the two or three things that I love to order (duck steamed buns, chicken paillard salad, petrale sole fish and chips) but sometimes that's hard.  :)  The wine list is very well thought out with selections ranging in price and appellation.  I always find something fun to drink when I'm there.    Next time you're in St Helena, get in there and enjoy!  

                Very nice brunch spot. Creative menu, good portions, everything was delicious. Would have been 5 stars but our beers took an awful long time to arrive and our appetizer came at the same time as entrées. Still, loved it and would definitely come back.  

                The moment you step through the door of this restaurant, you will be blown away. The decor is stunning and leads to a wonderfully mellow atmosphere. We made a stop here for an early breakfast before wine tasting and received such phenomenal service. Breakfast is something new the restaurant has begun to offer. The food was fantastic and the drinks were creative and inspired. I can't wait to get back to Archetype to check out happy hour!  

                AMAZING!!!! We went here for my wife's birthday and it was a great decision.  I had the meditating mule for a cocktail, and it was great.  Tater Tots were some of the best I have ever had.  Ahi carpaccio was excellent.  Halibut and its accompaniments were prepared perfectly.  The service was excellent as well. We will definitely be coming back!  

                I sat down to dinner with a group of friends, 2 month old baby in tote, and was enjoying delicious food and wine. My baby started crying and fussing and I quickly left, feeling very uncomfortable about making a scene in such a nice place. As I was walking around the block to quiet my baby, a man pulled up in a nice SUV and asked if I had just left the restaurant. I replied yes and he told me that I should go back, that the management welcomes families and would never want someone to feel uncomfortable or unwelcome just because their baby was crying. He was so nice and gracious i couldn't believe it . I went back and finished my meal and the food was delicious but that  experience and level of service was truly exceptional.  

                Nice classy restaurant, with a restrained, but inventive menu and great ambiance. My truffle omelet was really nice and they accommodated us even though it was after closing time, so +1 for that!  

                This restaurant continues to disappoint! I used to visit when it was called French Blue. The food was amazing! The pastries were baked early in the morning and run out around lunch time. The bread the omelette a all were A+++. Then it was sold to Auberge resorts who changed the menu completely! The menu shrunk, and food had lost it's character. The food fair is standard to any auberge resort room menu. Standard pastries, uninspiring dishes one can whip up at home and WAY overpriced - think room service rates, for room service portions with room service quality. Now don't get me wrong, auberge properties have good room service food - BUT this is a restaurant!!!! I visited when ownership was first changed, was disappointed but decided to give another whirl in the hopes that the chef would have figured out a more substantial menu in 2 years time. Boy was I wrong. Look for my pics of the food at French Blue vs Archetype.  

                My boyfriend and I had a great dinner here Saturday night. The drinks and food were delicious, the dining room and attached outdoor area are really pretty, and we loved our waiter!  

                We had duck and halibut and a bunch of other tasty treats. This place was PHENOMENAL. And they made us feel so special for our anniversary. Our waiter was Jeffery and he made the night. Great service, excellent food, and a beautiful atmosphere. Thanks SO much Archetype and Jeffery! We highly recommend this place ad can't wait to go back someday.  

                After lunch here I realized this place is for the tourists, not the foodies. I've gotten used to some great meals in wine country and this was not one. If you are looking for a culinary experience in the wine country, keep going. If you want to take your aunt from the midwest out for some waffles, I guess this is the place. Just don't let her see the prices.  

                What a wonderful restaurant!  This place is so adorable and perfectly decorated.  We had a group of 7 for my friends bachelorette party and we sat outside in covered patio, which was so cute. There is a fire place and it is dog friendly on the patio fyi.  The service was superb. The manager came out and greeted us, they were attentive and patient with my indecisiveness.  I first wanted the gnocchi, but the salmon dish is their specialty and is a must get.  I am new to fish and have tried salmon before and it was too fishy so I was not sure.  However, I ended up changing my mind and getting the salmon and oh my it was delicious.  It was so fresh.  It was caught in Bodega Bay and was not fishy at all.  I also  tried fried green tomatoes and the grits.  Everything was great!   This place only opened up 6 months ago and I give it mad props for being this great that early in the game.  Great job  Archetype!  I can't wait to go back! I really love this area too.  It was a wonderful end to an amazing day.  

                Just like every yelper said, this place is hands down best new restaurant in the wine country.  I like the French countryside bistro feel, a little rustic yet tastefully designed but not pretentious.  Service was good, but probably will get better as it is still a relatively new restaurant.  Brunch was amazing.  The fried halibut po boy sandwich was perfectly executed.  Great summer dish with complexity of flavors enhanced by the pickled vegetables.  The whole trout with some sort of fries on top of the fish added the crunchiness which was brilliant.  Would love to come back for dinner!  

                Awesome lunch! Had the jalapeño infused tequila drink (blanking on the name) and the open faced reuben sandwich. The sandwich had awesome house made kraut and was served on rye bread which added a delicious touch. The bartender Albert was super nice and chatty. He provided excellent service. Finished with a beer on tap for good measure. I'll be coming again soon for sure!  

                We both decided to give Archetype a try after all the positive reviews. The Restaurant has a French Country Chic feel. The Staff was very attentive and anticipate your needs. The Appetizers Cucumber Soup, Squid and Tuna Tartar were very nicely executed with a nice blend of ingredients. My only negative comment is for the Top 40 choice of music that they had blaring. Not Classy at all. Looking forward to our next visit. Hopefully the Music issue is resolved.  

                SNAP PEAS! Sooo good! Chicken, lamb, crab w/hearts of palm, grits.... All awesome! Polished and genuine service. Lovely decor. Everything spot on. Highly recommend Archetype!  

                Best food in the valley hands down!  Also, great service and ambient :). Im def coming back to eat there again!  

                This place is a solid five star at very reasonable pricing, especially for lunch.  It is a beautifully decorated restaurant in a very spacious setting, the food is incredible - every dish is creative and tasty.   We had a family lunch there, the service was impeccable. Our waitress was so attentive, helpful, and cheerful.   This is now my favorite place to eat in Napa region, for sure it'll put a smile on your face.  

                So my review was too short (straight outta Oakland) so it was called a tip. alright, here ya go. Have walked by the place many times and kept saying we should try. driving back to the city we were headed towards La Condesa for lunch and parked outside Archetype. well why the hell not? We were seated right away by a super nice hostess with a killer Palm Tree tat on her forearm. Later greeted by our very sweet server with a shirt almost like the one I was wearing (that would have been embarrassing, ha). the restaurant is beautiful. the decor is clean and unique. sort of modern country kitchen I guess. First things first, what are we drinking? I have The Scala a Tequila concoction which is delicious. A has the Bloody Mary, which was also very very good but on her second round she slips over to The Scala. For eats, me Chorizo plate with Kale, hominy topped with fried egg. very nice if a bit under seasoned but I'm being picky here cause I think it paled next to A's Duck confit over a Waffle. The duck was perfection. like  a good carnita crispy and full of flavor. Each bite with the fluffy waffle made you want to savor it and go back for more. but alas it was not my plate so I fully enjoyed my chorizo plate with was great. Oh and baked artichoke with a Dam, can't remember dipping sauce, maybe chipotle! hmm I think it was, whatever it was it was awesome. Defiantly will come back here. can't wait to try dinner.Oh one other thing that kinda was a slight annoyance. When we asked for hot sauce we were given Siracha. I know its sacrilege cause everyone swims in this stuff but I would have preferred some Tabasco, Tapatio or Cholula  

                Fabulous Brunch! Coffee is so good, food  is excellent, service very good, setting is so pretty!  

                My father and I had a sublime meal this week at Archetype.  The Frog Hollow Farms peaches with red pepper mascarpone was so delicious we were scraping the plate.  My gnocchi was fantastic as was the osso bucco.  Dessert was the strawberry turnover with creme fraiche gelato, another hit.  Even the mint tea was a delightful surprise; brewed with fresh mint leaves and camomile by a tea specialist who obviously was into her craft.   After years of living in the Napa Valley and the East Bay, it's rare that I am impressed by a restaurant, but Archetype definitely wowed me and left me thinking about the meal days later.  And then there's the decor...love, love, love it.  

                The recent revival of French Blue as 'Archetype' is simply amazing. I am blown away by both the food and the service. It delivers a vision of modern Wine Country food combined with a sensibility and service that seems to be forgotten in most restaurants these days.The new menu is creative, inventive and playful. The service is like watching a well oiled  machine -there is no one better.  

                Delicious!  Had the gyro and wow!  The bread was amazing and all ingredients were super fresh.  Probably the best gyro I have ever had and I have had this at many different restaurants.  Great atmosphere too  

                I had eaten here twice before tonight and been impressed with the exceptional service and brilliant food. However, tonight I was aghast to see a party with a French bulldog in tow come in and dine with their dog in front of my table. I did not come here to celebrate an occasion and pay $100 to have a French bulldog in attendance. It sniffed my ribeye. I cannot believe the restaurant would flout both state health laws AND dining etiquette and subject its patrons to such behavior.  If you think a dog should not be part of your special $100 a plate dinner, this place is not for you (and never again for me, sadly).   I had been telling friends this was my new favorite go to restaurant in Napa Valley. Not any more.  

                One of the best happy hours in the valley ...great choices 3 cocktails, wines, beers and a good list if simple,  elegant plates  all $5 5pm till 7pm M-F ..good stuff  

                The food was good (not great), but the service left something to be desired.  

                Lovely brunch location. Our group of 6 was served with friendly and efficient alacrity.       Seats were very comfortable, beautiful interior design.  I had the corned beef - rather tough and dry- with perfectly  poached eggs.  Coffee was great too!  

                Archetype is one of our favorite restaurants in St. Helena.  The food is very good and the presentation is lovely.  We went there for brunch, the trout/ poached eggs are great as many other things on the menu.  The staff is always accommodating and friendly.  The look of the restaurant is very hip and genteel.  We just love it.  Extra bonus , no corkage fee on first bottle of wine.  

                I wish Yelp had half stars. This place would get 4 and a half from me. Service? 5 stars for sure. Atmosphere? the same..The food? 4 stars. We were part of a group and sat on the outside covered patio area by the entrance. Really relaxing spot. The inside of the restaurant looks really nice as well. The group started with a couple bottles of Groth Savignon Blanc to get the blood flowing. We also shared 2 orders of the Lemon ricotta pancakes. Yummy! I was a little hungover so I order one of their bloody marys. Pretty good but pricey. We ordered off the weekend breakfast-brunch menu. I ordered the short rib hash and eggs. Big chunks of meat but it was a little chewy for me. Poached eggs were cooked to perfection and the potatoes were great-crispy and flavorful. I was craving a burger but they don't have one (booooo). My wife ordered the rib meat sandwich-she said it was good but not great.  A little rich. I will definitely go back here and sit at the bar with my wife.  

                The most beautiful and serene restaurant in St. Helena. Food was amazing. Their breakfast pizza, bacon and donut holes are mind blowing. A do not miss if you're in the area. And service was great too.  

                My parents and I had a great brunch there.  Service was excellent.  Made the reservation and they seated us at a very nice and comfy table.  Love the ambience and food too.  Their beef hash was the best beef hash that I ever had.  

                Delicious food! Brunch was fantastic! Donuts, cinnamon rolls and biscuits & sausage gravy we all amazing. The service was friendly and very knowledgeable. Clean, sophisticated casual atmosphere. Great addition to St. Helena! Definitely coming back for to check out dinner.  

                This place was fantastic.  It's been a few months since my trip to Calistoga and brunch here still stands out in my mind.  

                ARCHETYPE was wonderful!!! Each item that we ordered was delicious, the restaurant was lovely and the wait staff was super friendly and helpful in assisting us with a broad array of taste sensations for our meal.  Can't wait until we get to go back!!! We would recommend this spot to all!  

                What an amazing place.  My boyfriend and I tried Archetype for brunch on a Saturday morning.  This is now one of my all time favorite restaurants.  Let's start with the décor.  Soft white, comfy, cozy.  Elegant, with perfectly placed displays, and soft colors, but so inviting with cushy chairs and long bench seats littered with pillows.  The place was light and bright, and although when we arrived, there were just a few tables, it seemed there was always something to capture your attention.   Now, to the food.   I am literally salivating just remembering it.  My dish was the cuban sandwich. Unbelievable.  Now, I've never had a traditional cuban sandwich, and I know this was not traditional, but why does that matter?  It was amazing! More than enough for one person (unless you were a bit of a glutton, as I was that day), this sandwich is piled high with tender pork, a delicious gruyere mornay sauce, and a tangy pickle.  It was topped with an egg, which I quickly moved into the heart of the sandwich and then...bit in---heaven!  Crusty, soft bread, mixed with the taste of juicy pork, rich, savory sauce, egg, and a little bite from the pickle.  I couldn't stop eating.  My boyfriend had to roll me out.  I will be back Archetype!!  

