                With a marina location and unique menu, the Athenian is a great spot for lunch on the water! The staff is fast to seat and serve you and everyone is nice.   I was very pleased with the food, from the soup to the main course which was the Gyro plate.   Next time I come it would be nice to bring more people because it's such a relaxing location!  

                Really good food, really great portions.  The gyros are legit and the veggies are fresh and crisp.  Love em.  Let's talk about pastrami...WOW!  If you order the pastrami sandwich you're in for a treat.  The best pastrami I've ever had.  Salty and delicious.  The portion is ridiculous.  I've ordered this sandwich to go and split the meat into 3 sandwiches at home.   Definitely worth stopping in here for a meal or ten.  There is never a wait.  Friendly staff and fast too.  

                I was really disappointed with my meal. The dolmades (I think I screwed up the spelling) were dry and not very flavorful. I had to add ketchup to make it edible.   I order lamb kebobs, which also needed flavor. Along with the lamb came a veggie skewer, which was charred and black. I asked for another one and the waitress brought it to go, but neither of us checked it. She told the cook not to char it, however, when I got home, it was just as black as the first.   This place is over-priced for what it is and I don't recommend it...except for the fries (those were awesome).  

                Love this restaurant!!!!! Best baklava ever!!! The pastrami sandwich is an unexpected piece of heaven! It's huge so plan to share or take half home.  

                I normally don't complain or yelp but that is how frustrated this restaurant got me! My children and I arrived around 8pm, we were greeted and asked immediately the need of service..." To go or for here"? "For here I said" we were sat under the T.V. by the older woman with the blonde hair, and from there on out NOT A SINGLE EMPLOYEE said anything to me. After 15 or so minutes I couldn't bare anymore of being ignored by the staff that was just talking and not paying ANY guest ANY attention, whatever they were talking about must have been intense. My children didn't deserve that nor did I. P.S. She would have gotten her 20%.  

                Great place to have lunch during the work week! The outdoor seating has a nice view of the Suisun marina and is protected from getting too much wind. Wait staff is always attentive and helpful. The kabobs are delicious-- shrimp and chicken over a nice Greek salad is my favorite. The small salad is enough for lunch (or dinner)-- pretty good portion.   The spanakopita is also delicious, and is very moist without being too greasy. Parking is easy and you hardly ever will have to wait for a table because the lunch turn-over is fast (people have to get back to work). I also like that you have a choice to order whole grain pita bread (the yogurt dip pairs well!).   An unlikely Greek item on the menu is the tuna melt-- but it is soooo good and one of my favorites to order. Fries are extra and come as a side. I would recommend getting a basket of fries for the table (again, large portion even for the smaller order).   Visit & Enjoy  

                Great location, right on the water, in downtown Susuin City. Best Greek food within 15 miles. Servers are friendly. I love the falafel and gyros are delicious. The spanakopita is amazing and one of the best I've ever had.  

                Great service, great food, and free baklava for yelpers!  Thi place never disappoints!  

                One the best pastrami  i ever had. Great greek good and baklava is the best hmm tasty fri ed ndly by the river nice area to sit and watch time go by. Great food service with a smile.  

                Fabulous place to dine on delicious, freshly prepared food. Nice atmosphere with outside dinging offered with an incredible view of the water and docked boats. A great walking trail is right outside the doors of this awesome restaurant. The vegetable and chicken were tender and delicious and the rice moist and flavorful. I really enjoyed my meal and attentive service.BON APPETIT  

                Everytime I come to this establishment I'm greeted with a smile and warm conversation... The food is amazing and the baklava is to die for. I will continue to patronize this business...Moussaka today and pastrami burger next time.  

                Tried this spot for the first time after passing by it on numerous occasions. Have to say my first assumptions were completely wrong. I assumed this was a large lunch and dinner joint that served the burger and fries like Cast Iron. nope! This place is Greek style food so bring on the pita and hummus!       So walking in, I was surprised on how small and quaint this place looked. From the outside it looks quite large and kind of like a happening bar. We got seated very quickly and within minutes got our order taken. In some ways since the place is so small, they kind of push you to order and eat so the people waiting can get a seat. Also the waiting part is next to the seats so you can see them staring at you to eat faster, lol. Our server was nice but could have been more cheerful. She looked pretty exhausted but was on it when it came to getting our order and what we needed. Although it took awhile to get out check picked up and dropped off. That Prob took the longest than our food coming out.      My sandwich wrap was good, overloaded with the sauce. If u like the sauce then good but if not ask for light sauce because it will be leaking out by the last bites. Also small basket of fries should be self sufficient for one even two people. Fries and sweet potato fries were on point. Nothing was unique to myself and wasn't something I would want seconds of. I'll have to check this place out again tho. Pretty popular with lots of reserved tables. Will update!  

                Another great lunch at the Athenian Grill. Best service and wait staff in the Suisun/Fairfield area. Everything is good.  

                Service was friendly and order was taken correctly, so no issues there. The food was decent, but not what you would expect from a greek restaurant. To be honest, I've had better Gyros from a street vendor, the Moussaca was not what a moussaca should have been, and the sides/appetizers were mediocre at best. I wouldn't say the food was horrible, just not what greek food should be.  

                My husband and I just moved to the downtown area and we couldn't wait to try Athenian. I have never been to a Greek restaurant so I had no idea what I was in for. It did not disappoint at all. I ordered the pastitso and my husband had the svoulaki plate. It was all delicious. Definitely comfort foods, authentic. And large portions we were able to take left overs home. I just had surgery so not having to cook one more meal is such a bonus for us! Everything was very good and we can't wait to come back!   Also, best baklava I have ever had!! And the staff were very friendly and welcoming. We will be back again and again.  

                Been to Greece and most items on the menu won't disappoint you if you are looking for a little Greek. Their dolmades are my favorite! Customer service great and view outside on permissible weather (most days of the year) make your Mediterranian experience worth a visit and a redo with friends and family (and kids)!  

                Got food as take out. The lamb sandwich & hummus was delish. My husband tried the pastitso for the first while he was not a fan we still though the food overall & service was great. Would love to try them again.  

                To be honest, I'm not a Mediterranean foodie by heart, but Athenian Grill hosts some special features that render it a four star. I'd really like to give the overall food experience a 3.5, but select factors make it a four.   For a four star experience- or perhaps even a five- here's how I would do a second dinner. The venue lies right next to a small quaint marina. They also have an outdoor patio with heating that overlooks the boats and water. The venue is a good size for smaller groups 4-5 people and perfect for date night. On a warm not-too-windy night, I would sit outside and bring my own favorite bottle of wine (you're allowed to do that but just ask in case).   For a marina restaurant, they offer generous portions for a good price (~$15) so come hungry!  The free appetizer pita is soft and delicious, so make sure you enjoy it with the balsamic and vinegar on the table. Order the shrimp souvlaki with a side soup of avgolemeno and enjoy it with your wine-- that would make for a spectacular experience. If you ceave something heavier with less seafood order the mousaka-- a lasagna like square with eggplant.  The swordfish I had ordered for my dinner was slightly dry (as is expected of all swordfish). The beef souvlaki was ok. Love their vegetable kabobs when it's not too burnt.  

                I have been wanting to try this place for a while now.  We went today and am sorry to say we were disappointed.  We were not greeted when we came in so we sat ourselves on the patio. There were 2 people behind the counter but they didn't say anything to us. After a few minutes of sitting at the table I thought maybe we had to order at the counter.  I went in and stood there for a few minutes as the man and woman behind the counter went about their business.  Finally a server came out and brought us menus. I ordered an Gyro which I had been craving and my wife a Greek salad. What? No pepperoncini in the Greek salad? The server was fine but the food was a let down. Tiny little tomatoes on the salad halved.  Tons of lettuce but you can't just add Greek dressing and some feta and say it's Greek salad. The Gyro was weak.  I didn't even realize there were tomatoes, they were cut so thin.  Too bad we had really had wanted to like it.  

                I've been coming here for years. The food is always delicious and service is friendly and quick. I love to sit outside on a warm day with a delicious gyro pita and a cold beer.  

                Great food and I love the location right on the water.. I enjoy sitting outside it's a bit of a tight fit but the restaurant is small so to accommodate there customers they have to make due with what they have :)  

                Update: If I were to rate the dish I ordered, I would give Athenian Grill 4 stars. Finding decent vegan food isn't always a piece of cake, especially in Solano County. The sandwich I ordered was good, and the location did not disappoint. For vegans that typically live abroad and plan to dine with relatives that live locally, I recommend it.  

                Best Gyros I've had and the home fries are the bomb. Love the staff they are so friendly polite I'd definitely recommend people here and I will be back again!  

                My second time here, this time during lunch for Restaurant Week. I had the Spanokopita lunch special which included a greek side salad and  a beverage. The Spanokopita was so good! I grew up eating it and this was the best I've had in a restaurant. Large portions. And the salad was good as well, tons of feta which made me happy. Our server made a good effort, but she was a little scattered. Almost everyone at my table of 5, had to ask for things more then once. But she was friendly and working hard. And I wish the outside tables were a little cleaner, lots of crayon marks all over. Maybe tablecloths would be a good idea. But, I'll be back.  

                We've been regulars at Athenian Grill for several years now so it came somewhat a surprise that there was no Yelp review with my name on it. So to correct the injustice, last weekend we stopped by for lunch as it's been a while since the last visit.  Since the patio area was full, we got seated inside promptly. Service at Athenian Grill was always quick and welcoming and I was glad to see that it hasn't changed. All the Greek entrees come with rice, pita bread, and a choice of soup or salad.Everything came out quickly and tasted as good as when we came for the very first time. Their lentil soup is a must try, make sure to add some balsamic vinegar to it for authentic Greek taste. Gyros are cut right from the rotisserie and fresh as can get; not packaged as you might get as some other places.  On top of Greek, they also have an American portion of the menu, with burgers and fries and so on. The kids' menu consists mostly of these items. Our son had a burger, which was huge for a 4 year old so we ended boxing some of it home.  For drinks, the wine card looked good, but as a beer guy, I wasn't too impressed with three beers on tap. They are surely in need of a good, local IPA on tap to go with the food....  Athenian Grill is a great place to come for a weekend lunch or dinner, with nice patio and excellent views of the Suisun waterfront. Naturally, that wouldn't mean that much if the food wasn't absolutely scrumptious. There are not too many Greek joints in Solano County, but you really don't have to look much further then downtown Suisun City and Athenian Grill.  

                I love the outdoor patio at Athenian Grill that overlooks the marina, and I love that the food is so good and affordable. The gyro is to die for, and if you order fries, expect enough for 3-4 people. The staff are really consistent. It's great having this little gem in downtown Suisun.  

                Gotta love their gyros! So delicious. And just about every time I go there, it's not too crowded so the food comes out pretty quickly. This is a great place to go for a tasty lunch.  

                I had the shrimp kabob, amazing!!!  The shrimp was lightly seasoned and the veggies were grilled to perfection!!!  I had the greek salad with extra olives please!!  It was definitely a filler salad.  They were serving chicken lemon soup, not a fan at all.  I thought they could have done a better job seasoning the soup, at best it tasted like it was from can...  The service was friendly and we were seated quickly.  I would go again...the Baklava was simply tastey...!!!!!    I would recommend this to anyone visiting the area!!!  

                Nice little place right on the water. I really give it 3.5 stars. Friendly service you can sit outside on the patio. Portions are very hearty so come hungry. Chili fries are really good. Wife got the tuna melt and loved it. After I saw the huge Pastrami sandwich at the next table I had to try it. Piled high with pastrami, tangy mustard and pickles.   It was good and had a nice flavor. Next time I am going to try my original choice the  Gyro Platter. It is authentically made by cutting slices directly off of the rotisserie meat slab. A lot of restaurants use frozen pre-packaged meat, so it is great to see this style still being used, which in my opinion, makes Gyros to great. I will definitely be back.  

                Great, very quick service and reasonable prices. Patio overlooking the water; very peaceful. Free baklava when you check in on yelp.  

                I introduced my husband to Athenian Grill seven years ago. We live in Sacramento, but frequently travel to Napa and Oakland. Athenian is amazing!!  You have a beautiful view, great service, and the food is always incredible!  The hummus appetizer is delicious!  I love the chicken or falafel gyro. They are kind enough to chop up the chicken and add feta for me. Hubby loves the Mousaka and Pastitso. The baklava is to die for. Love y'all at Athenian Grill!  

                This is a popular and solid 4 star establishment.  I thought I knew my geography, but I ran afoul here.    I always thought Suisun City was closer to Suisun Bay and the delta coming in from Sacramento and Stockton toward SF Bay, almost as if near Rio Vista.  Instead, it is up a tiny navigable arm from the delta and positioned immediately south of flat, suburban, and mostly gridded Fairfield CA.  This little quayside area with shops and restaurants makes for a nice counterpoint to the hustle and bustle of traffic rushing through Fairfield to get to either San Francisco, Sacramento, or Lake Tahoe.  The Athenian Grill is a winner on all dimensions.  The food is tasty, the quantity is satisfying, the prices are appropriate, the service is enthusiastic, and the setting is both tranquil and picturesque.  I had the shaved gyro meat, rice, and a Greek salad.  I really enjoyed my meal.  I'm only sorry I didn't know of this restaurant sooner.  I would gladly return and recommend it to Greek food aficionados.  It's also easy to get to if transiting between the Bay Area and Sacramento, or vice versa.  

                Have been returning regularly since my last review.  Went there again last night with a friend and was once again delighted to see Cathy working!  Cathy is a warm, genuine person who keeps it real and tells it like it is.  She doesn't miss a beat during the meal and always has great suggestions and conversations.  Cathy and her son Corey are a great combination and make dining there more fun.   It's also apparent that the other staff are engaged and enjoy their guests. I have yet to feel as though anyone there was disinterested or put out like you get in lots of places.    The food is prepared with care and is a home run every time.  Not just the obvious stuff like gyros - but if you're looking for a pastrami done right, this is the only place on the western seaboard that's got it figured out!  

                So excited to have found this place. Right on the water and seating outside. Very nice waitress. Delicious hummus and pita and the chicken pita was delicious. Don't forget the baklava with your check in!! We will be back! Great food great service. Nice location. Good prices. Nothing better!  

                This is still the go to place for lunch whenever we visit Fairfield. The burgers and pita sandwiches are delicious.  I really enjoy the Greek lemon chicken soup.  They still don't seem to get the French Fries right (which is the tip I wrote), regularly.  Lots of ends and overdone.   The very nice waitress took care of it.  But, the cooks should never serve it up to begin with.  I've been going here since 2009. Good fries with a burger is must!  Its spoils the meal when we have to complain about it.  There have been a few times when the fries were perfect.  We really like this place, though.  

                I looooove Greek food, but this was as store bought and cheap as it comes.  Tl;dr: Cheap, bland food with store bought pita bread. Wayyyy too expensive. Large dinner portions of good salad and bad rice.  Everyone here was raving about the pita bread - store bought and spongy-fluffy without the dense consistency and layered quality of real pita bread. Hummus was super bland without enough garlic or lemon and insanely over priced for the portion at 7.99 :/  Gyro meat was super tasty cause gyro meat is always tasty but was rather salty. Rice was a why bother just done in chicken broth and crazy bland. Huuuuge portion though. And the side of feta and olives was a 1 inch dense cube and two kalamata olives ._. Really guys?  Tzaziki was the worst I've ever had tasting watered down with milk or cheap plain yogurt without hardly any dill flavor.  HUGE side salad and generous with the pita bread and rice.  Pro tip: Greek baklava with check in :D and that was super dense and nutty. Best baklava I've had in a while!  

                I highly recommend this restaurant. We ordered the combo appetizer plate which came with fried calamari, fried zucchini, and mozzarella cheese sticks-all of which were hot and fresh. For the main course, my sibling ordered a gyro sandwich, which looked amazing-tons of meat in a big pita for a very reasonable price. I shared a gyro plate with my mother, and we ended up taking home leftovers because they gave us so much meat and rice. They have great tsatiziki sauce and their prices are extremely reasonable! Extremely friendly service as well. Without a doubt, I would go there again.  

                A while back I went to this restaurant during the Lenten season. I wasn't able to have rice because that's what I gave up.  So I gave them 4 stars because my review of them wasn't complete.  Well.... I'm back and grabbed a gyro platter this time....BOMB!!   Thanks for another great meal Athenian Grill!!!  A very well deserved 5 star rating  

                Thank you yelpers... I love this place!  Food is great, portions are plentiful, prices reasonable, and staff was so nice.  It's my first time in Suison City, and was a great location on the slough.  Pastrami sandwich is great, as is the gyro plate with fresh cut fries and Greek salad. Also tasted the special of the night, lamb stew over rice...yummy.  Baklava made for the perfect sweet ending.  Can't wait till I'm back in the area.  

                I've come in here for years and years and the food and service has always been consistent. The prices are great for what you get and the food always comes out quick and cooked to perfection.   Some of my favorite things here are the Chicken Souvlaki or the Steak Sandwich. Their baklava is also heavenly if you're craving a treat (and have room!) after a great meal. We almost always get either the hummus with warm pita or the fried zucchini appetizers to get things started too. We recently tried the Spanikopita as an appetizer and that proved to be delicious as well. You really can't go wrong! In all the years this place has been around I don't think I've ever once heard someone I know complain about them.   The food is great, the servers are friendly and attentive and their patio seating area is great for the warmer months. If you've never tried Greek food, here's the place to give it a try. You won't be disappointed.  

                Came here for dinner. This place is very affordable, unfortunately the food is not that great. We split the combo appetizer of fried cheese, zucchini, and calamari. Calamari  was decent. I'm not a fried cheese connoiseur, but it didn't seem to be done enough. The fried zucchini had no flavor, although the dipping sauce was ok. I got the lamb pita sandwich. The tzatziki sauce wasn't great, after reading other reviews I realize it was due to lack of cucumbers. The meat seemed to be of pretty low quality and did not have the right texture or the characteristic lamb taste. The food did come out pretty fast though and the service was good I would skip it.  

                In SoCal, Greek diners are rather ubiquitous. Michaels, Toms, Nicks, Gus Jr.... these are all of my favorites. For some reason, NorCal just does not have a whole lot of these up here. I work in Fairfield, so I had to give AG a try. I went in for takeout lunch and ordered a cheeseburger, fries and a drink.  The Burger: Meets my expectations for a Greek Diner = Very good! The Fries: True Homemade taste. Very, very good! The Staff: Very pleasant! The Location: Very nice water views. The Establishment: Clean.  The Price: Well, this is where they lost a star. At almost $14 for takeout, I'll return for sure, but not as often as I would if my above combo were to be around $10.  Overall: The Athenian Grill is a comparable substitution for my SoCal Greek diner cravings. As I waited for my lunch, I watched various dishes going out to tables, and I wanted it all. The price could use to come down just bit, but considering the location and the wonderful view, I kind of understand.  

                Was looking for a new place to dine in my area considering I'm isolated from the hustle  and bustle And variety of food options San Francisco has to offer. My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out based on the great reviews and delicious food pictures all you yelpers have posted.  Upon entering we were warmly greeted and promptly seated. I can't find my receipt which had my servers name but I believe it started with a K and she was lovely. She was so enthusiastic about the menu and more than happy to answer my questions and offer her suggestions. I had the mousaka and it was absolutely wonderful. It's similar to lasagna with layers of eggplant   Also surround by a delicious sauce that was neither spicy nor sweet but very complimentary of all the aspects of this dish. Just try it lol. Checked in and took advantage of the free baklava offer( honored even though it's dated for last year) my boyfriend had the lamb kabobs and was not disappointed. The meat was seasoned nicely and very tender. On a tight budget I was very happy to spend my money here and the entire staff was friendly and very attentive. We will be back because I saw other entrees coming out for other tables and they looked so good  

                Love the pastrami burger and the gyro, delicious. happy and helpful staff as well!  

                Every time I'm in town I try and make a point to eat here.  The meat-filled dolmades are non-existent in Berkeley area (shame!!!) so that and avgolemono soup are always ordered. Great mid-day meal.  Recommend Souvlaki platter.  

                Unfortunately, I agree with the 2 star peeps although I really wanted to like it. Not enough lemon and the Greek dressing tasted like the dried herbs were just tossed in there recently, it was like oil and sticks. Same taste on the chicken skewer. Too band.  

                This is a pleasant surprise.  No wonder this restaurant got 4.5 points with over 100 reviews. They deserved the great rating.   I got a lamb skewer served with a salad, pita bread and rice.  Everything was well made and fresh. The taste is just right.   The place has down to earth decor.  Nothing fancy. The service is good.  

                Love coming here. The food is so delicious! I've had an array of different menu items and have yet to be disappointed! Lunch rush gets crazy but they still do a great job at getting everything to you in a timely manner!  

                Gone Greek! Love their dolmas, the chicken rice soup, and moussaka. The baklava here is quite delicious as well. I have been reading that their pastrami is good but have yet to try it...if you ever find your self in Suisun City, I highly recommend to get your inner foodie on at this place.  

                I agree with Peter L.'s review...having been to Athenian Grill a number of times over the years, I can honestly say I've never encountered surly servers or lackluster lamb.  Every experience has left me knowing that I'll be back again the next time I'm in Fairfield/Suisun.    On that note, our visit on Sunday, May 27 was super...we got to sit outside on the patio, which was nice and we only had to wait while the table was cleared before being seated.  Our server was with us promptly to take our orders; our drinks were out quickly and were kept refilled at every turn; my gyro sandwich was filled with delectably moist meat and gobs of delicious tzatziki sauce in a warm soft pita; the greek salad was the right combo of crisp without too much dressing and oodles of yummy feta cheese.  Oh yeah, it was a great lunch that day!  

                BEST Greek food I've had since moving to Cali! The staff was so friendly too!!  

                This is an excellent spot in downtown Suisun City along the water. The Greek salad, hummus and pita and Pastitso were all delicious. I would recommend making the drive to Suisun City for this hidden gem.  

                Best pastrami around!!  Never a wait either.  Friendly staff.  

                Awesome gyros, fantastic hot Pastrami! So lucky to live near an amazing Greek place :D we always go here for our Greek fix ;)  

                The "Greek" food here was mediocre at best. The Avgolemono soup was watery & had NO lemon taste at all. The spanakopita doesn't have filo dough it has pastry dough which has a huge difference in taste & texture. The Gyro was decent but the meat is frozen for sure. I was born in Greece grew up on Greek food most my life & this was nothing like YaYa makes :(  

                I go there to get gyros. My last trip the food lacked alot. My gyro basically just consisted of meat and not much veggies.  For the price I paid it wasnt worth it. The gyro bread wasn't very good either. Probably won't be back for anymore Gyros.  

                We went there for lunch and I ordered this chicken sandwich with ''white sauce'', it was really soggy and too much sauce too, it kept dripping and I felt like I was drinking all the sauce, anyway I was in the area for business and doubtfully I'd go back there ever again! I have to mention that service was good.  

                First time here and have heard decent things about this place but I honestly wasn't too impressed, maybe I'm just not a fan of Greek food after all. First off the water front location is to die for. Next, I had the lamb kabob with chicken lemon soup and some rice. The kabob wasn't really good at all but the soup was heavenly. The hubby enjoyed his chili burger and his chili cheese fries were REALLY good and I did enjoy those. It wasn't that busy there but our server was missing quite a bit and both of our drink cups went empty and we had to flag her down to fill them both times, she was however nice but not concerned about us. She also kept asking did we want dessert, even though I had told her that I wanted to have the "baklava" that came with the check-in app from yelp. The dessert was really sweet but good, my husband had never had baklava and he liked it a lot . All around I'd give it a 5 out of 10 stars and probably wont go back. Before I forget, they had a major fly problem which really annoyed me throughout the meal as I was having to swat every few seconds. Tried it since everyone spoke highly of it and quite frankly I'm already over it but I "may" return for some chili fries but I feel let down because people have raved about it and I'm dumb founded as to why.  

                Over the last couple of months I've been here with co-workers and my wife several times. Still a great place to grab lunch, there Gyro's are awesome and everything always comes out fresh.  

                Never knew Greek food tasted so good. Went to downtown Suisun to get my hair done and noticed Athenian Grill.  The food and the ambience was great! I ordered an eggplant dish and my husband steak, very delish! I am looking forward to coming back and trying other yummies on their menu. Happy customer!  

                They do their Greek items fairly well, but I usually end up getting their cheeseburgers. They always deliver the goods, simple yet delicious. If you're really hungry go for the double pastrami burger, but don't have anything important planned after. It will put you to sleep!  

                This place has the best cheeseburgers in town...hands down. My husband and I go there often. The fries are the bomb.  

                If you ever find yourself on the marina side of Suisun City, well, good for you, I guess. We were just passing through town in search of some mid-afternoon eats, and Greek seemed to fit the bill. We wound through the back end of Fairfield and eventually found the place.  Meh... You know, with the high rating, I really expected better. The souvlaki sandwich was soggy, gristly, and flavorless. The lamb was a bit more on the mutton side of the spectrum for my tastes. The fries were addictive. Due to hunger and exhaustion, I found that we were eating them mindlessly. Not all that tasty, but effective. The baklava got them the third star. I've never met a baklava I didn't like.  All things considered, service was kind of pokey. They had a ton of wait staff, many of whom were kind of dazed looking. I had to flag a couple down to get things rolling from time to time, but they eventually got the job done. Just sort of disappointed, though. The place shows promise, but I have to assume that he cooks and wait staff were not on their game when I rolled into town. Would try again.  

                How have I not been here before??   Went for lunch with coworkers yesterday and I am craving more. Got the chicken souvlaki pita sandwich. The chicken had a grilled flavor and the veggies were fresh and the tzaziki was dripping down my arm and I thoroughly enjoyed it and I didn't care who saw me licking my own arm. We got a basket of fries to share and they were SO good. I can't wait to go back and try more. Our server was very sweet and attentive.  

                I love Greek food, and not Daphne's! I just moved to this area and trusted yelp with sending me in this direction. It was soo good. My fiance and I got the gyro plate and an order of hummus and pita and Tzatziki. It was all sooo delicious. I couldn't get enough of it, my stomach was hurting I was so full, but I just kept on going.   We also got the free baklava with the check in offer, and I have never had some that was as good as this.   I highly recommend this to any one who isn't sure about going.  

                Love Athenian! Chicken souvlaki plate is my go-to but the gyro is amazing and so is the falafel and the american foods. Sweet potato fries mmmmm. Haven't had one bad dish here! Best restaurant in Suisun. Only wish the decor was spruced up a bit.  

                I have enjoyed Athenian Grill since they opened many years ago.  There's definitely something very relaxing about sitting outside, overlooking the water, and that's one of the perks of dining here. But the food is so great and is really the reason I keep returning.  I love their hummus, served with warm pita bread, some fresh cucumbers and tomatoes.  Normally, I go for the chicken Souvlaki (grilled chicken with veggies in a pita with sauce), but decided to try something a little lighter today, and choose a Greek salad with grilled shrimp.  Their shrimp is amazing, and I have a new favorite.  (My husband enjoys their fish and chips, which is also great.) And finally, the service.  The staff here are friendly and comfortable to be around.  It almost has a family feel to it.   Is it fine dining? No.  Don't expect the white tablecloths here.  But is it a place that gives a relaxing environment with good service and great food?  Absolutely, and I always look forward to my next visit.  

                So I walked into to Bab's next door, and asked for a seat at the bar, and I was told that there was a fifty minute wait. I thought to myself, "Well, F this Bab's place and their 50 minute wait, I'm hungry now!' I then walked over to this place.      When I walked in and examined the area, I saw that this place was empty in comparison to Bab's. There were only a few people sitting in the tables.  I was instructed to sit anywhere, and I sat at a table by a window. I was quickly brought over a menu and a glass of water, which I looked at and drank respectively.  I hadn't been so good on the prior days of my road trip-adventure, so I decided to compensate, and go a healthier route, so I ordered a falafel and an Iced Tea.      After a few minutes passed, I received the sandwich, and I hungrily dug in. I'm not a huge falafel kinda guy, but it was actually pretty good. It was very tasty, but I did end up with a few bits that were crunchier than I thought should be. (like a single bean hadn't quite cooked, or was overcooked, I dunno.)    Overall it was a good place. The food was good, the people were good, and if I'm ever back in the area, I'll definitely check it out, and try something else off the menu.  

                Have eaten there three times and enjoyed it immensely.  The menu is relatively small but each item is made very well.  Prices are reasoanble and portions large.   It looks like they make great burgers but I can't bring myself to order one with all the great Greek food on the menu.  

                I was absolutely amazed at the friendly service here and the food was absolutely Devine. I was in the area for business and wow this place made me feel at home. Everything was delicious.  

                Great food! Pita was fresh baked meet was tender! Good price good portions amazing view! We love to go here for lunch so we can enjoy view of the water! Friendly service couldn't really ask for too much more.  

                It's my first time having Greek food. Ever. And it was amazing. I got the mezathakia, my sister the cheeseburger, chili fries, and my boyfriend the gyro. Omg. Delicious. Portions were a lot bigger than what I expected. The service was amazing, I don't know her name but she was very nice to my dog, and socialized with us a little. Nice touch. I'll definitely be back!  

                3.5 stars  We came here for a friend's daughter's birthday party and had a great time.  I ordered the Gyro plate and it was very tasty. It came with Gyro meat, pita bread, rice, tzatziki sauce and your choice of soup or salad. I got the salad (Greek) and was surprised to see that there was no cucumber in it. Instead, it was ice berg lettuce with tomatoes, olives, feta cheese, red onion and dressing. The salad was good and so was the dinner. The Gyro meat was flavorful, but a little on the salty side if you don't balance it out with Tzatziki or pita bread.   The service was friendly, but perhaps due to our large party of 25 (one server), I found her service to be slow and rigid. ie. They would not let us move the small tables together even though they allowed this last year (the hosts held a party here last year as well) and after taking the orders of one table, the server would have to go submit it to the kitchen first, and then come back for the next table, leading to a very lengthy ordering time. Again, these problems could have been attributed to our large group size, I don't really know. But with parties, people all just mingle and take their time so it seems to be much more acceptable than if this were to happen with smaller dinner parties.   Overall, the food was good, the price was reasonable and the portions were generous.  We definitely left happy!  Tip: Check-in on Yelp for a free Baklava!  It was delicious!  

                Ate here a a week or two ago with my wife. With it being Lent I was looking for something in the area without meat. Of course you have the all mighty falafel! We were starving so we ordered the spoiler platter, two falafel sandwiches, and because we checked in on yelp, free baklava (even though the coupon says expired, ask!!). The place was pretty packed so it took a bit to get our food, but we always had water in our glasses. The appetizer plater had calamari, mozzarella sticks, and fried zucchini I believe. They were all great as we powered through it. The falafel was amazing and tasted great as well as the baklava, I've never had it before but it was glorious! Only 4 stars due to the wait, but I will definitely be back, I really want to try their gyro, as well as their burger after reading some of the reviews on it!  

                Best Bacon Burger I've ever had in my life! High quality ingredients lead to high quality DELICIOUS! Not to mention you can't beat the patio dining with views of the Suisun Waterfront. Great place to have a business meeting, take a date, or just go with friends! And if you bring a date, don't forget to save room to split a piece of Baklava!  

                Not much of a selection in Fairfield for great places to eat, but this place is by far the best! I have been here several times, and whether dining in or taking out, the food is always exceptional!  My only complaint is to always have to say "no red onions", I just wish they would ask if you would like everything on it. But aside from that tiny complaint, I would highly recommend you try it. Honestly, I had never tried Greek food until I came to Athenian grill and now the bar is high!  

                1st time eating here & trying greek food period.  Had the swordfish....OMG!!!!!!!! Can I say yummy-licous.  

                Went back to Athenian grill , this time with the work crew and as usual, service and food were spot on! From the host to service to food... Always welcoming and always satisfied guest. Thank you Athenian grill! My favorite is the lamp suflaki sandwich with a side of the yummy rice  

                Excellent authentic Greek food.  Since Souvlaki is my favorite Greek dish, that is what I went straight for on the menu.  It was out of this world served with pita bread, tzatziki, skewered vegetables, rice, and I chose chicken instead of lamb or beef.  Definitely get the Greek salad as it is a nice sized portion for a side salad and very fresh with lots of feta, Kalamata olives, red onions, and dressing.  Lisa got the Pita wrap with lamb which is essentially the same thing but smaller and no salad/soup and costs less.     The menu is very interesting.  Not many Greek restaurants serve such great Greek food, but also serve a chili dog or burgers on the menu.  The table next to us both had burgers and they looked really good.    The service is friendly and very fast.  We sat out on the patio with the flies.  A LOT of flies!   Not much you can do about that as it looked to be clean but very close to the water on a hot summer evening, so I didn't let that reflect the star rating.    I highly recommend this place for Greek food, and they have what looked to be a very convenient take out service also on our way out.  Good all around place and reasonable pricing too with a nice Delta view with a walking trail along side of the restaurant and water.  Thanks!  

                Tasty food, nice atmosphere, and located right on the waterfront in Suisun. Good food but personally the portions are a bit small. I have had to wait a while but the food is always fresh.  

                Witnessed some lady bringing her dog into the back area....where the kitchen is...not okay. ...  

                5 stars for their Amazing Baklava! Very crunchy and melt in your mouth heaven.   Our waitress was very attentive and poised although it took about 45mins to wait to be seated outside. And when we did the view was great, with a bit of fresh air hitting us.   Sweet potato French fries were cooked perfectly and my Souvlaki Chicken Pita Sandwich was sooo magical I wanted another one. It was like a little burrito wrapped in this soft pita bread with marinated chicken, onions, tomatoes and their house sauce. Soo wonderful! A must try!  

                Greek food, YAY!  Go eat here if you haven't already. I love the local eateries in suisun city. They are very warm and family friendly. This restaurant is located right on the water front and it is beautiful for warm summer nights.   Order the Pita now!! You wont regret it :)  

                This is my favorite place for Friday date night. It's very casual and cute and you just can't beat the food. I get a plate of gyro meat and a side of tzatziki (about $3) and a side of falafel with a side of tomatoes, tzatziki and lettuce (about $3) so I have an entire meal for $6! The service is usually good- the younger brunette waitress is great. I've never had to wait for a table, and I can't recommend the food enough!  

                I work in Fairfield, so there really isn't much restaurants that fills my needs when I go out for lunch. Me and a few co-workers came to Athenian Grill for lunch on a beautiful Friday afternoon. The two of them have been to Athenian Grill before, so they knew what was good. I didn't know whether to get the pastrami sandwich (I LOVE PASTRAMI!!!) or the gyro. I ended up going with the pastrami after our waitress told me it's HUGE. I didn't believe her until she brought it out - it was pretty darn big. I ended up taking the other half to go (late night snack). The pastrami was delicious! Probably one of the better pastrami sandwich I've had. The next time I come here for lunch I will most definitely try the gyro!  

                I am a Greek, and the owner is a Greek.  You will find healthy portions, and the food is good.  I have had Gyro's in Greece , and these are just as good.  Friendly staff.  The value of the food is good.  The place to go if you enjoy a nice place.  

                Onion Rings the size of my head!  

                i had the moussaka and the baklava and both were excellent! the moussaka came with a salad, rice and steamed veggies. the portions were enough for two meals. the service was super friendly and the little patio outside is nice for looking out at the tiny harbor and city hall. its nice to eat someplace local when i'm in town so i look forward to going back!  

                Athenian Grill always has delicious food pared with great service! I always order the chicken souvlaki plate, which is amazing. Zakia recommended the lamb stew during the recent Suisun Waterfront Restaurant Week. The lamb stew was tasty and I look forward to having it again. Athenian Grill is the best place on the Suisun Waterfront for lunch or dinner.  

                We stopped in here as a group of five. Prompt service, which was good, since two of us were craving booze. Badly. Got drafts of Sierra Nevada. Off to a good start!  The food was just okay for me. I'd say it was a shade under three stars; maybe it was because I already had lamb earlier in the day for lunch (from my absolute favorite place in the general vicinity).  We started off with an order of dolmas. Tasted good, but similar to the dolmas I've grabbed from Whole Foods before. I'd like something a little higher quality from a sit down meal, but they were satisfying nonetheless.  The lamb souvlaki dinner plate was a bit underwhelming. The lamb was a little dry and the flavor doesn't match what I get from Mediterranean Food Center. Also tasted their chicken, beef, and gyro meat too from the other plates at the table and felt pretty much the same. Meh. The flavor in the plates weren't very memorable at all. Also, the portions were okay in size, but not worth the price.   Service was great, as the waitress took to all requests with a smile (two little ones dining with us). That was a huge plus!   Nice location by the water and might be even nicer to dine here outside on a sunny day, but not sure I'll come back.  

                This place is great!  We were looking for some good food after a long day at 6 flags. Adults like a good meal and good wine, kids are picky and tired. This place suits both. Delicious food, huge portions, and amazing service. I don't believe we have had better service anywhere even at 3 x the price. Servers were friendly and attentive and the open kitchen means you can see and talk with the cooks. Corkage is only $8!  We were so hungry we ate without taking any pictures but you won't be disappointed. Wish we had a med restaurant this good in our town. Yum!  Suison City is pretty cool. Wouldn't have found this without the help of Yelp and Siri.  

                My husband is from the Chicago-land area, they have great Gyros there. We always compare all other gyros to those.  The Athenian Grill is comparable to our favorites. Their portions are good, the taste is pretty close to ones from home. The restaurant is always clean, the servers are pretty nice. Cost wise- they're pretty reasonable.   Only get 4 stars because- its just close to as good as the ones from home.  

                Athenian Grill is a favorite of ours. The food is hearty, delicious, plentiful, consistent, and affordable. It can be hard to get a table at lunch (especially on the scenic outdoor patios) because everyone loves this place, but eating inside is acceptable.  I love the beef souvlaki pita sandwich or the gyro sandwich (or dinner plates), but they also do great french fries and sandwiches, so this is a good place to bring people who fear international foods. LOL!  We (me with family or friends) come here a couple of times per month and it's great every time.  

                We've been going to Athenian Grill for quite some time and have never had a bad meal.  Unfortunately our last trip on June 27th while the food was wonderful as always, the service was iffy.  I realize everyone has a bad day off and on but when you're in a service industry it's best to leave the attitude at home.  We'll be back because the food is always wonderful I just hope the service is better.  

                This was my first visit to the Athenian Grill. I was most impressed with the staff. The hostess was very nice and acknowledge me right when I came in. The cooks looked like they enjoyed being there as well.   The place was clean and when the hostess was not helping customers she was staying busy cleaning and straightening things up.   We split the pastrami sandwich which was huge, just a ton of meat, my only complaint was it seemed a little too salty for our taste but I know that is how pastrami is some times. The amount of food you get for the price is well worth it.   I will be back.... Want to try the steak sandwich or maybe the gyros.  The fries were perfect by the way. I love them well done and extra crispy.  

                Great food (Gyro sandwich is awesome) and a great view. Lunch or dinner is always worth the drive in the tri-city area. Service? Always with a smile.  

                Visiting the Napa Wine Area. Saw the restaurant on Yelp and came on in. We were greeted promptly upon entering the front door by the friendly staff. We elected to sit outside to enjoy the beautiful weather and a nice view of the water and sailboats. I had the Gyro Plate which came with rice, pita bread, yogurt sauce, and a salad. It was a big portion, well prepared, and damn tasty! My wife had the Chicken Souvlaki and it was equally as good. The service is very efficient and friendly. Oh, and the Baklava was also fresh and delicious. Enjoy! Mark  

                Oh the food was OK,  the ambiance nice and but for one thing I would have given "at expectations" or three stars. But when I ordered wine and it was delivered in a water glass that was a serious ugh factor. This is not a style thing .. the glass that wine (or beer for that matter) is served in does affect the taste. Now I understand that stemware costs more and is more breakable than water glasses but that cost cutting just is not acceptable.  

                You can't go wrong with the delicious gyros and dolmades here! Cute spot in Suisun, good service, and delicious gyro meat! Make sure to check in for a free baklava - it's amazing!  

                My parents love going here on Friday's for their delicious specials, and my work enjoys ordering food on weekends as well. Just ate their Tuna Salad sandwich and it was so delicious and refreshing I couldn't believe tuna salad could taste that good :)  

                You never cease to amaze me... again! Was at Athenian for a late lunch last week after heading home from Sacramento and had a craving for a falafel. While using the restroom my husband ordered for us, and to my surprise, he added an order of french fries. What a happy surprise. OH YUM. Not only is the falafel the best, the pita and ingredients are so fresh it's ridiculous and the fries.. so perfect. I had to put some on my plate or he would have eaten them all. We LOVE Athenian :-) Highly (always) recommend.  

                We were becoming regulars here and have enjoyed trying different dishes, BUT...came here about a month ago and the moussaka was cold in the center...had to ask to have it reheated.  That tells me it wasn't made fresh and came out of a refrigerator or freezer, which would have been OK had it been served hot. Then recently ordered a New York Steak.  I realize this is a Greek restaurant and not Cattlemens and maybe it was a bad choice, but why have it on the menu? Worst steak ever. Tough, overcooked, must have been several grades below USDA Choice. I felt cheated out of $17. Clam chowder would have been delicious but was served lukewarm. I really want to like Athenian Grill but have been disappointed twice now.  

                The fish was excellent (special was Mahi Mahi).  I loved the rice and bean soup as well.  For dessert, the Baklava was killer, as was the Greek Coffee.  Definitely coming back.    Their pastrami sandwich is AMAZING.  An excellent value; you usually eat half and take half home.  Especially if you start with their White Bean Soup.  It is delicious.  

                Affordable, delicious and always quick there isn't much more to say than this. I highly recommend the souvlaki in either lamb or beef. The meat is cooked wonderfully and has excellent flavor. The only downside is I wish there would include a small side for the price.  

                My husband and I stopped at Athenian Grill for lunch on the way through town.  We ordered the same thing, starting with a Hummus appetizer which included pita bread triangles.  Our entree followed, a large Greek salad with a lamb kabob on the side.  The hummus appetizer was my favorite; so flavorful and the pita served soft and warm. A delicious combination.  The Greek salad was generous, but only had iceberg lettuce.  However, the tomatoes, red onions and Greek olives were a nice addition.  The dressing was slightly oily and seemed to lack enough vinegar or lemon juice.  The lamb kabob was delicious and cooked just right.  The menu was pretty extensive.  We'll have to go back and try some other items.  Service was good and friendly.  Nice find.  Water view and patio seating. Easy to park.  

                My friends and I wanted to try this place so quite some time, so we decided to go after the movies.  We ordered gyros. For some reason they weren't that flavorful. I was kind of sad after hearing so much good stuff about this place! :(  I was disappointed.  

                Overall not bad. Service was friendly and attentive. Food was good, not amazing, but a good option for the area.  

                Gyros were not flavorful, tzatziki was watered down, greek salad was iceburg lettuce (no cucumbers whatsoever), moussaka was too sweet tasting. I wouldn't say it was bad, but I wouldn't say it was good either. If I want gyros I'll go to Afghan Tandor. If I want Greek...I'll go somewhere else.  Good location though.  

                First time ever trying Greek food and I was very impressed. I never had lamb either and it was delicious!!!  

                This used to be a favorite spot for our family. Our party was a group of 15. You'd figure since we were the very first customers when it opened on a Saturday morning, we'd have excellent service and food served rather quickly...NOT!  We put in orders for the kids so they could settle down and eat first however half of the food came...and my daughters had to wait almost 30 additional minutes to get their food. This was after repeatedly asking the waitress on the status of their food.  When it came to the adults, the food came, but the presentation was oh-so-sloppy. We had to provide refills for our own drinks, get our own napkins and BUS our own tables.   AND THEN...when we got our check, they added a 20% gratuity. I wouldn't mind the addition IF they provided excellent service to deserve it.   I'm sorry, but the people that work there need to drink coffee or something to put some pep in their step. There was just absolutely no energy or personality for a wonderful, bright Saturday morning from these servers. They were such downers.  Sorry, Athenian, we have to break up with you. Our family will have to find a new favorite spot.  A FAIL all around.  

                Fantastic place for greek food. Their greek salad and Gyro (Yeero? Jairo? Euro?) are the big draws. The back has a nice view, especially on a nice day out but there can be a lot of bugs that would otherwise pester a nice time. The service is nice, friendly, and fast, and there is ample parking.  

                I have no idea if this place is any good but it used to rock!  Pioneer Ballroom 750 Kellogg Street(3) Suisun City, CA  Capacity ?  The M+M Skateway & Ballroom became the Pioneer Ballroom.  Legendary rocker Fats Domino came to Suisun City in 1959 and played a smokin' set at the M&M Skateway, where the Athenian Grill now sits.(1)  Big John from Hayward bought the Suisun rink and we all soon not only skated there, but went to dances and rock concerts.(2)  Jerry Garcia performed here on 9/23/66 9/24/66  1.)^Wade, Tony, Celebrities In Solano, 2012-01-06, <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dailyrepublic.com%2Ffeatures%2Flocallifestylecolumns%2Fcelebrities-in-solano-from-fats-to-farrah-and-beyond%2F&s=29d44b1251aa8823d82d0e04616567e76638c1474c9059c51765d119c42ac325" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">dailyrepublic.com/featur…</a> 2.)^Sally C., comment, 2011-08-21, <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dailyrepublic.com%2Ffeatures%2Flocallifestylecolumns%2Fmixed-emotions-at-skateland-roller-rink%2F&s=25f70ad697f8b897eec949606eedd8dc3bf6d074177e4d56408dfc5b8ec54d5b" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">dailyrepublic.com/featur…</a> 3.)^<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atheniangrill.net%2F&s=38071e7b769d62786d87660cbf0d5f1041f19e96950bbf9bedd600199174de66" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">atheniangrill.net</a>  

                Best pastrami sandwich I've had in a long time. Similar price to other major sandwich shops but exponentially better. Amazing value! It's always a struggle to finish the whole sandwich. I would bet there's a full pound of pastrami in this thing. Absolutely incredible!  

                Expensive, hopeless and shitty. Just came back from dinner here. Don't waste ur time or money in this place. There are thousand times better Mediterranean food places out there. Read these reviews on yelp and thought let's try it. Please listen to me and don't even bother to go here. Feel like throwing up. Just fed the left overs to our dogs. They loved it.  

                Very good food, service was great. Oh My Goodness! Talk about a lot of food. Bring your appetite. Calamari was fantastic, clam chowder was was excellent.  

                Out of the 17 years that I've lived in Suisun, I finally decided to give this place a try the other day. The food is decently priced and the portion sizes to their entrees are huge! My friend and I ended up sharing some of her meal since she basically got full off of the salad & pita bread that came with her meal. The food here is delicious also! I LOVE the outdoor eating area because of the great view! My only complaint is that the waitress serving us didn't seem to be to attentive with us. We practically had to flag her down to get our refills. Other than that, I will visiting this place again very soon.  

                Pastrami sandwich looks amazing when it is served to you, but unfortunately it is severely lacking in flavor. Fatty and bland -- who would have thought those two words would be used in the same sentence. My kids split the regular burger and the patty was McDonalds-esque. Server was friendly but rarely checked on us. I have had more traditional Greek fare here in the past and it was pretty good, but this experience was not very pleasant. Not in a rush to go back.  

                Very good casual Greek restaurant. Everything is freshly made from scratch and the prices can't be beat. As clichéd as it sounds, I highly recommend the meze platter, gyro sandwich, and white bean soup. Desserts great as well.  

                The hummus appetizer is awesome! Salad has nothing on gourmat exprezz in vacaville, sorry guys. A bit pricey, too, which is another reason we will stop here for hummus but thats about it. Still, a nice little place, friendly staff and this yelp coupon for free baklava was great; it was delicious.  

                Another blast from my past. I used to go here to get burgers and fries with all my Crystal Middle School peeps! =)  I remember loving the fries because they were fresh and the burgers were alright. My favorite part about the restaurant is the back patio area near the marina. I used to love getting soup and sitting out there.  I remember the baklava was pretty good too.  

