                Excellent food and wonderful service.  Such a beautiful place for brunch out on their deck with a great view. The fresh baked breads and delicious hot tea was a perfect start to my morning. I cannot wait to return, dinner requires reservations and i waited too long. Learn from me, plan ahead and make dinner reservations.  

                I wish I could give it 6 stars.  There were five of us at dinner and we started with very good cocktails at the bar before moving into the restaurant for dinner on the patio. The service was excellent...your water won't go empty...and neither will your bread plate. Our server was Kathy and she was so sweet dealing with us, who had plenty of wine.  She was also very knowledgable of each dish and provided great recommendations.  They magically time everything so that each course comes out at once.  One person was in the restroom when they did that and they held her dish until she came back and that brought it out. The service was above and beyond...  Everything we ate was so good and perfectly portioned.  Three of us did four courses and two of us did two courses.  Highly recommend going here for an incomparable dining experience. The house wine was very good too...from local wineries.  You will not regret eating here and it's worth every penny!  The chocolate you get at the end is very good and I'm not even a chocolate fan. They also had pistachio caramels that are delish! I bought two tins along with some of the dark chocolate covered almonds.  

                Michelin star winner and the restaurant lives up to the award. The service was fantastic. The outdoor seating on the deck provided a wonderful view of the valley. The menu offered a variety of delicious items. Since it was restaurant month, there was a great prefix menu available to try for $29, such a great value! Valet parking only.  pics on instagram @ amanda.n_  

                I'm not much of a fine dining gal. Foie Gras and that fancy stuff doesn't swoon me.  Auberge du Soleil really offers something unique though. The breath taking views of Napa Valley and a kitchen full of sustainable foods. Their weekend brunch menu is a prix-fixe menu which I'm not normally a fan of, but they truly have all the options you can ask for ranging from vegetarian, seafood, and various meat options.   I would list out the items I have had and loved, but this review would be endless because I would have to list all of them! There are no words to describe the overall experience, so go and experience it for yourself! You won't be disappointed!  Oh yeah..their bread basket is freaking amazing!!!  

                I came here for both my friends' wedding one warm summer evening and a cool winter brunch before.  Both times, the breath-taking view was very memorable as well as the food. The ceremony took place at the courtyard overlooking the view. The reception space, which located at the lower level of the restaurant, was very small and intimate.    The restaurant is on the upper level, with a choice of sitting inside or outdoor at the balcony. I chose the balcony. The wait staffs were super nice and were super informative in food suggestion since the pre-fix menu allows you to choose from several options. For brunch, you have the choice of mimosa, sparkling wine, bellini, Bloody Mary, etc. Then you get an appetizer, entrée and dessert--all for $65 for brunch. I had the Ahi Tuna Tartare, Wakame, Cucumber, Ginger Dressing, which was delish (but I had better). I got the Maine Lobster Omelet, Tarragon, Leek, Ricotta, Crispy Potatoes for entrée, which I highly recommend. The egg was fluffy and it was stuffed with lobster and ricotta in every bite. The potato was soooo crispy and aromatic. I ended my meal with Trio of Seasonal Fruit Sorbets--which was of citrus that day...blood orange, tangerine and grapefruit. It was served over these thin cookies which I did not care for; however, the sorbets themselves were out of this world and so so satisfying. I wanted more after, like a pint of each if they sell them or something.  Even though it's just brunch, it feels like any fine dining meal which takes about 2-3 hours. It was nice because the staffs don't rush you out, and everyone, including the diners, at the restaurant was all there to enjoy themselves. This place is just simply beautiful--the view, the food, the atmosphere...it makes a great relaxing dining experience.  Oh yeah, they have complimentary valet parking, so no need to rush or find parking!  

                Sit outside on the patio for a view of the vineyards while you wine and dine for the complete Napa dining experience!   This place is hidden with free valet parking! They really would not take our tip for valet. Awesome.   The one thing I love about this place is the view that accompanies your meal. Sitting out on the patio with a view of the Napa valley on a sunny day while fining dining. Doesn't get better than that.   It was restaurant week and the prix fixe menu offered for $29 included the Sunchoke Soup and the Sonoma Chicken.   Bread: Wheat and rosemary. So soft! I got seconds.   Potato Gnocchi: Soft and pillowy, surrounded by wild mushrooms and pea sprouts. And some foamy thing on top and parmesan shavings.   Sunchoke soup: This was my favorite. Creamy soup topped with sliced almonds and a curry infused oil.   Sonoma Chicken: Was a bummer. Chicken breast was juicy though and not overcooked. However fennel puree and the salad with kalamata olives just didn't do it for me. Artichokes were heavily infused with wine. Maybe I'm just not a fan of those things but this dish was just ok for me.   Chocolate sorbet with coconut mousse and salted almond praline: Man the desserts are expensive. $15 each. The chocolate sorbet is great if you are a chocoholic. It was rich and dark. Coconut mousse got better as a took multiple bites. There were coconut flakes at the bottom of it so that gave it some texture and a chocolatey surprise inside! topped off with salted almond pralines which looked like pebbles. It was good but not $15 amazing good.   TIP: Use the lotion in the bathroom! I love lotions that aren't sticky after you put it on but leaves your hands soft and feels like you didn't use any lotion at all.   I loved the overall experience here with the view, the outdoor seating and food. Great place for lunch!  

                Probably one of the best views in all of Napa Valley. That might be worth it alone. Had a late lunch here and it felt like I was in another world. I guess that's what some of the best places do. Champagne to start on an empty stomach? Good way to start the mellow of your day. Going light was:  -Potato Gnocchi, Wild Mushrooms, Pea Shoots, Parmesan Nage -Day Boat Scallops, Sweet White Corn, Romano Beans, Quinoa, Tomato Jus -House Honey Poached Bartlet Pears, Walnuts, Ricotta Cream, Kataïfi, Pear Sorbet  Holy cow was it good. So much so that when I went into the wrong restroom I was buzzed on so much goodness. Ooops :)  Service was flawless and they made us feel totally at home. If you're looking for a tranquil setting with delicious food and drink, it's definitely all stars at Auberge.  

                The food is spectacular! They deserve their Michelin Star for 2013! The view out at the Terrace is breathtaking!! Drinks are pricey but a bit expensive. Pork Belly is a must!!!  

                **Such a date place.**  The food is OK, but the view is spectacular.  Personally, I don't think that Auberge is the nicest resort in Napa; it's dated and is age is really starting to show.  So if you're staying there, then great - you've got a fantastic place for dinner just steps away from your room.  But if you're *not* staying there and happen to be in Rutherford, then let me be honest: this is one of those places that you need to try JUST for the ambiance.    The reason I gotta keep it real is that is that I've had much better food in SF.  The menu is good, the food is pretty good, the service is great and the wine list is excellent (surprise surprise!).  All of that said, it's definitely an impressive place.  When you roll up, there is a mandatory valet - so get ready to relinquish control of your keys, ok!  When you walk in, it's a little stuffy, but you'll see that there's really not a bad spot in the house. Outdoor seating is where it's at.  But since it's getting cold,  you may want choose to eat inside and cozy up near the fireplace. Even inside, you'll still have a pretty fabulous view of the rolling hills and GORGEOUS fall colors.    Finally - the food (almost an afterthought).  They don't have too many vegetarian selections but what they have is worth it. Let's see...Buratta for starters, Butternut squash agnolotti and the gnocchi main dish pretty much left me stuffed!    FYI: Three courses are $105 and four courses are $125....a little pricey but all worth it for that view!!!  

                My wife and I dined at Auburge during our stay at the hotel of the same name. Our dinner was superb and lived up to the 1 Michelin star rating.   We both chose the 6 course chef's tasting menu, which I'll make sure to post a picture of the menu for reference. (Going through plate by plate plate would be a bit much) Also, since we were in Napa after all, we opted for the wine pairing that's offered alongside each coursel. All but one wine choice were sourced from local wineries and the odd glass out was understandably a fantastic French Burgundy paired with the lamb dish.   We were seated outdoors on the popular deck. There we had a beautiful view looking down Rutherford Hill and over the valley. Although deck seating, they did a very good job of maintaining a white table cloth feel to the meal itself.   Our server, although I now can't remember her name was absolutely superb. She and the support staff did an amazing job staying on point and making sure every need and timing was perfect. Furthermore, she did a good job of chatting us up about our visit and gave great advice for tours we were planning for the next few days. Actually she helped us find our favorite winery of the trip Grgich. (Go there if you haven't. Great chardonnay/fume blanc)  All in all, from my limited experience eating in the Napa region, this is by far the best choice for a pampered white tablecloth meal. Honeymoon, anniversary, birthday, or just want to burn a handful of hundred dollar bills, this is the only place to consider in the area.  

                I came her for my birthday dinner yesterday. My boyfriend made a reservation via open table at 5.30pm. However, in the morning of our reservation day, we got an email that our reservation got cancelled. So my boyfriend called and finally we got back our reservation without any hassle.   We were late. We forgot to calculate the traffic and distance. We drove from SF through GG Bridge. We arrived in Sonoma and had to drive through a small road about 20 minutes and finally arrived at Auberge. We did call around 4.45 that we was going to be late. They didnt ask how late we will be. I arrived there around 6.30 and they were kind enough to seat us even though we were super late.  We ordered 4 courses menu. We were served with a tiny bread with something on top of it. I forgot the name. It was amazing. Then, they served us potato leek soup which also delicious. For the first entree, i got scallop with cauliflower ( 5/5) my boyfriend got pork belly ( 4/5 it juicy inside and crispy outside).  Second entree, I order ahi tuna which so bland, i dont like it (2/5)  Third entree, I got veil which also so-so, i prefer my boyfriend dish (prime meat, they were so tasty).  The dessert were amazing. I got banana with bread and sorbet. It was so refreshing to close our dinner there.  I would definitely recommend this place to my friend and i wish i can go there before the sun set or perhaps stay there to enjoy the beautiful views folks have been talking about. The service was great, they parked our car. It was one of the best birthday dinner i've ever had  

                We had an absolutely perfect dinner here.  No other way to put it - the reputation (and price tag) absolutely lived up to the experience.    Everything was just wonderful - the views, the food, the service, the ambiance.  We went with the three course meal, but each dish was substantive and perfectly prepared.  It was a special occasion and so my husband opted to try the Wagyu beef (with the upcharge) and it was so ... just amazing.  Really, really delicious.  I tried the dayboat scallops as my appetizer, the risotto as my second, and gnocchi dish as my main entree - all were wonderful, so so tasty.  The views are stunning - it's almost worth a visit for the views alone. Everyone on the staff was so nice and down to earth, but also super knowledgeable and gave great advice on wine pairings.  It's not often that a restaurant truly lives up to the hype, but I feel that Auberge is one of those special places.  It's a steep price tag, but worth it if you're looking to treat yourself to a wonderful night out.  

                I love this place for its stunning view.  We loved coming  up here for drinks and watching the sunset, (best place to enjoy the sunset in the valley). So we have guests intown and decided to bring them here for brunch.  Let me just say they were quite impressed, but who wouldn't at a place like this.  They were very impressed with the intensive wine lists.  We all thought the brunch menu was a bit limited.  But love the overall experience.  We all had such a terrific time. We appreciated the excellent service, the presentation,  the atmosphere  and the delicious food.  For sure we will be back for dinner the next time we are in town, hopefully won't be long from now.  

                My husband and I spent our wedding anniversary here and had the greatest experience.   We enjoyed outdoor seating with a beautiful view of the Napa Valley.  The service was outstanding and Chef Chavez' menu recommendations allowed us to explore different food choices than we would normally order. From the wine & appetizers, main courses and desert - it was delicious!  Thanks, Chef Juan, Waiter Paul and the rest of the team for an awesome experience.  Lorna & Mark Higdon  

                Last minute reservation we were only able to book for dinner.  Since we didn't stay at their resort so took a very dangerous and super dark tiny road to get to the restaurant. As a one star Michelin resto the ambience and setting was great. We popped Pol Roger champaign to celebrate for Xmas, ordered the fish and steak course. U get to choose two appetizers with one main dish and dessert. Scallop dish and fish were elegantly perfect. I just want to comment on their dessert, usually im not a fan of sweets but their desserts were totally fabulous. Anyway my suggestion def check out this place in the day time cuz the view outside is heavenly amazing! Crossed one off from my Napa check list:)  

                I think I want to give this place 5-stars, but because I feel like 5-stars should be reserved for those places that are truly spectacular I can't quite get there with Auberge du Soleil. Maybe 4.5?  I came here for my birthday dinner recently while in Napa with my gfs and they definitely treated us well. We had a nice balcony / outdoor seating, lots of heat lamp action and plenty of service and attention.   Their coursed menu is deceiving because I do think they give you full size entree portions even when you're getting 5-6 dishes! I think this is probably the biggest surprise, because everything was so ... SIGNIFICANT. The duck was like seriously 5 thick slices of breast with a side of duck leg confit or something.  My goodness, I think we have never been so full in our entire lives. LOL. So diner top tip ... don't order so many dishes. It's hard though because everything is pretty solid. I have to say they didn't blow my mind with how "good" it was, but it was just well done.  I think if you can, make a reservation here around sunset! The valley is a gorgeous view.  

                Stayed at Auberge du Soleil for 2 full weeks.  Let's put it this way - you WON'T go hungry here!  The breakfasts are epic - we especially loved the Chinois and Japonaise.  These both were extremely generous breakfasts - in terms of portion - but didn't leave you feeling icky.  The Bon Sante omelette is deceiving - you feel like you're ordering a healthy omelette but the vegetables are DRIPPING with butter inside.  I tried a few times to get it dryer but that didn't catch on so I stuck to the Japonaise breakfast - miso soup, pickled plum, pickled sunchoke, salmon, rice, and seaweed.  Every morning we woke up craving breakfast - it was so beautiful and the servers so amazing.  Every day - without fail.  Amazing food and amazing service - which sometimes is just as important!  Dinner was also incredible.  Some of the most delicious foods I've had.  The sweetbreads were amazing and I loved the lobster first course.    As I'm pregnant, I avoided the tasting with pairing, but never felt left out (we did it with friends at least 4 times over 2 weeks).  I always had cider, Pellegrino, and such incredible servers - Ramon is EPIC.  The gnocchi can NOT be missed - like perfect fluffy clouds that melt in your mouth with a delicious parmesan foam.  Outstanding Wagyu - we did the upgrade one night and it was one of the best pieces of meat I've tasted in my life.  The bar food is very rich - the pizza is very soft and flimsy - both times we tried it.  The penne is so rich I recommend eating bites of raw greens in between pieces of it.  It's that rich... You will NOT see skimpy usage of butter here.  Our server one night told us that our 'first course' plate (scallops with cauliflower) had an entire stick in it.  Yikes!    We were elated with taste, presentation, and service at every meal.  Absolutely everything was delicious.   We will talk about Auberge daily for weeks - maybe months - and regularly from here on out - it was so memorable and the food truly magnificent.  I'll be back as soon as I possibly can!!!!!!!!!!  

                Went to "Auberge du Soleil" this weekend. The staff was very, very attentive and the entire dinner was a pleasure.  We sat at a great table facing both the fireplace and front seats to the great view at "Auberge".  Went for the four course set menu and everything we tried was a delicacy. Well executed food with very refined flavors. I indulged and picked the Foie Gras for my first course and it was outstanding, perfectly torched. For my main course got the Beef Pavé and all, taste, temperature and texture were perfect.  Some other positive points: - Excellent ambiance for either a romantic dinner, a couples dinner and/or a large group gathering. - Tremendous service and attention! - BYOW: $40 corkage fee that gets waived if you order any other in-house bottle (sparkling, white, red).  

                This place is simply AMAZING!!! The service, the view, the ambiance and the food exceeded my expectations! This place in my opinion deserves all 5 stars. My friend and I tried their breakfast. We started off with some Mimosa's which you can tell they used freshly squeezed orange juice. They also give you a complementary cake. Not sure what kind of cake, but it tasted like a raisin spiced cake.  On to the food! Lol I ordered the Eggs Benedict- I've always wanted to try this, so today was the day! The eggs were poached to perfection, the hollandaise sauce was light and creamy, and the ham had a really great salty cured flavor. It came with a side of crispy potatoes and it tasted good.  My friend ordered the Americaine- two scrambled farm eggs, crispy potatoes and some really yummy bacon strips!!   In conclusion, everything was excellent. I also really thought the service was phenomenal. Our waiter had a smile on his face and he answered all of our questions that my friend and I had about the menu!  I will be coming back, Auberge Du Soleil!!!  

                Best meal we have ever paid for, hands down. Every course was amazing. The service was excellent only to be out done by the food. Make sure you get here early enough for the sunset. The view cannot be beat.   Another cool fact, it did not feel pretentious. We were running late, the wife called and the said "come as you are most comfortable."  For me that was shorts. Not a problem. Just another reason why we will be back again and again.  

                Wow, why does this restaurant have only 4.5 stars? This place is amazing! From the service to the food, everything is on point. We ordered a thai cha yen drink, and I think it's safe to say that is the best think I ever drank in my life. Additionally, my husband had the strawberry coconut sun, and that was great. We ordered calamari for the table, and just like everything else it was on point. The view is an additional plus. This restaurant overlooks Napa valley, and it's a great addition to your meal.  

                Superior service. Really, that is what separates this place from everywhere else.  The food was artistic and complex with unique flavors. Unfortunately the menu was difficult to interpret so we kindly asked our server, but the thick accent proved to be even more difficult to understand... So it was a straight shot in the dark. If it's a ravioli, you should probably say it's a ravioli. Lol. So here's the English version of what we enjoyed, see photos below. 4 course Appx $125 per person.  -Sunflower seed soup with a fried oyster center. Perfect for a cold winter night. Like a lobster bisque without the lobster. Fabulous! (1st Course)  -Lobster Salad. French interpretation style.  (1st course)  -Ravioli with Dried Crisp Kale- This had creamed based sauce. Vegetarian option. wonderful! (2nd course) -Shrimp Lemon Risotto. A true winner! (2nd course) -Bacon Wrapped Veal with Brussel Sprouts. Probably not my favorite meat selection, but very well prepared. (Main Course) -Lamb with a hint of curry drizzle and Falafel. (Main course) Absolutely Phenomenal! -Million Dollar Snickers. Best Dessert I ever had. (dessert) -Banana Fosters. AMAZING! (Dessert)  

                So I am being a little understanding by giving the restaurant 2 stars. I went here with my family and most of us enjoyed our meal. I on the other hand had raw chicken in my salad and my fiancé had a hair in her salmon.   For me, my appetite was ruined so I just sat and drank water while the rest of my family ate. They said the food was wonderful, but after receiving the raw chicken, I was done. Now the staff did plan to make me another salad, but I was already done and my appetite was gone.   So maybe next time we are in town we can go give this place another try, but until then I give this place 2 stars based on the comments of my family and the view. Honestly, one of the nicest views I've seen.  

                Can I just say AMAZING!  This is one of my favorite hot spots when flying into Napa.  The food is spectacular, the people are so upbeat and friendly BUT come one, the view is to die for!  And when I go I always get one of the best seats in the house.  I wanted to specifically note my recent experience about a week and a half ago.  My concierge had made a brunch reservation for me at 1130am.  I was told during this booking that they would still be serving breakfast.  Otherwise, I would have had them book an earlier time slot for me.  Well, when we show up breakfast was over.  Needless to say, the female manager at the time (can't recall her name) was such a lovely lady.  She was extremely professional and accommodating and completely understood what happened during the booking phase.  She then continued to explain things further.  Long story short, they went out of their way to make my guest and I whatever we wanted.  We were so appreciative of them doing this.  They really go above and beyond for their guests.  This is definitely customer service at its finest.  Now you guys need to bring back that delicious lobster and veal sandwich and we would be all set.  Thanks again for the wonderful experience:-)  

                This time it was brunch (our friends work, so it had to be a weekend). The patio was lovely as ever, just warm enough to sit outside. Our friends loved every minute of it.  Our friends chose from the lunch entrees, and those were perfect as they have always been for us. The Ahi tuna starter and squash soup were both amazing. The chicken breast with sauteed apples, and the pork chop with spaetzle, were jaw-droppingly good.   This was our first time to have any breakfast dishes here. We wouldn't recommend them. They're okay, but not remarkable. The lobster omelet had crunchy leeks, which was distracting. The Market salad was more like cleaning out the back of the refrigerator, a mess of ingredients that needed a stronger dressing (and I don't say that often) to pull it all together.  Brunch is a set price, currently $60/pp for three courses. Desserts were good, although we think they're better on weekdays when it's all a la carte - but more expensive, however.  With the closure of Etoile, Auberge and Farmer & Fox@Cairdean Winery are our preferred dining spots in the Napa Valley.  

                It lives up to expectations as  Michelin-starred restaurant with an unbelievable view.  We were there for dinner, and got to hear the sounds of a wedding (err, a string quartet playing "Call Me Maybe" among other hits) wafting through the valley below us.    And that's what makes AdS really excellent, in my book.  Everything is approachable.  The iPad-packed wine menu (which seems daunting) is understandable (much moreso than Auriole in Las Vegas, which takes a similar approach but leaves the guests confused), and the sommelier was helpful without being pretentious.  When we told her about our trip to Slovenia, she found the only Slovene bottle in her cellar and offered it to us.  I had one of my favorite cabs of all time, the 2009 Longfellow, and it was not overpriced.  The server was willing to talk about her family.  The prix fixe menu allows you to choose your courses. People were there in cocktail wear and in shorts.  It didn't matter.  It's still "fancy," in that you know you're in for a special experience, but it's not stuffy, or serious.  I really liked it.  The food was right on par with its Michelin rating.  The dishes are beautiful and inventive.  I'd say that none of them really made the hair on the back of my next stand up (as in, one of the best things I've ever eaten), but every course was special.  Squab rare (pigeon-- yes, I ate pigeon!) the pork belly, served Asian style with congee, qual egg, uni, ponzu, and pickled ramps, the veal sweetbreads, and the kona with radish (I think it was a type of skate) were highlights for me.  My wife ordered the potato gnocci, which was like little cotton balls of heaven.  I've not had gnocci texture like that, and I don't think I will again.  The desserts were divine.  We spent about $230 each after tax and tip.  I had the full menu  and my two companions had one less course, plus champagne (the most expensive bottle), and two other bottles.  But it can be done for less, if you're more judicious with the wine or the number or courses.  

                Great view and service! Jenen gave us exceptional service. We had a large party and she was very attentive.   We ordered a few small plates. I was not a fan of the wild mushroom. It was very well flavored but it was too strong for my palate. The others enjoyed it though. We also ordered the duck liver and that was delicious! I was impressed. The pizza was good with prosciutto.   The reason why i did not give it a 5 star was my bfs burger never came out. The other party received his burger, but it was well done (overly burnt) so the waiter took it back. He ordered it medium. So they waited about 30mins to get their burger. We had finished our lunch when they received it. But when they received it, they said it was delicious and perfecto!   Overall I'll be back!!  

                Sitting outside on the terrace, overlooking a stunning view of vineyards, the sun warming you, drinking a delicious glass of wine (or 3) and eating seriously incredibly fantastic food. It's a perfect moment and you have to just stop and appreciate how great life can be at times.  

                Went here for dinner over the weekend. The service was slow, and we did not like the food as much as we had expected. Perhaps the fact that we had just gone to The Plumed Horse in Saratoga the night before was a factor, but we came away fairly disappointed with the food quality, the service and even the ambience. Possibly would have given higher reviews for the views if it was the daytime, but in the evening there were no views.  

                The view was the main attraction but the food didn't disappoint.  Went for breakfast and it was awesome. Had the duck confit which was prepared just right, and fresh like literally just picked and squeezed OJ.  Did I mention the view?  One of the best views of the valley you will get on your trip, you have to eat here for at least one meal to experience it.  

                This was our first trip to Napa. It was easy finding a wonderful dinner in an area known for food and wine; however, it was interesting trying to find a great breakfast early. We were greeted at the door and again at the reception desk. The view is probably what everyone focuses on; though this time of year it can be quite cool on their lovely patio. We choose to have breakfast inside by a window. Service was impeccable, the menu did not disappoint and the food was a delight ... the best croissant I've had for years. We will return and indulge once more.  

                You know when you have a Michelin star, that the food isn't gonna be too shabby- and for here, you are right! The food here is the kind where you have to sit back and let it sink in and say... "Whaao!" It is an experience in your mouth! And the view is truly beautiful! I would suggest snagging a table on the patio before sunset so you can see the beautiful view.   I ordered the corn soup, the tuna, ad the gnocchi. The tuna was out of this world! It was so savory and fresh. And the drinks there are fabulous! The staff is really good at suggesting good wine pairings from the valley to go with your food, so trust them with that. You will not be disappointed!  Highly recommend this spot!  

                From the moment we valet parked our car to the moment we were seated outside we had a perfect dining experience. Everyone was beyond welcoming and hospitable. All of our selections were delicious and the presentation was amazing. Kathy was the sweetest waitress. She made my boyfriend's birthday very special. There is no way not to be in love with the service and view of this restaurant. It's a very exclusive location and it does not disappoint. We had a beautiful Valentine's day at this restaurant and we never made it to the winery we had planned to go to. If you want to be in love, stay in love, or re kindle your love I recommend doing in here.  

                Went here for breakfast 4 months ago with no reservations. I particularly liked their steel cut oats and coffee. I'm quite fussy over good coffee and a healthy brekkie so I plan to visit again if only for these 2 items.  

                They say heaven has the best view... Given there is a real good chance I will never get to experience that heavenly view (wink wink), I will settle for Auberge.  If there is a more beautiful setting than the restaurant at Auberge anywhere in Napa Valley, I haven't seen it.  You feel like you are literally floating in mid-air while dinning in a fantasy like terrace up high in the Napa skies.  We have "brunched" (if that's even a word) at Auberge several times and unless the devil himself builds a 300 foot wall thereby obstructing the views, we will continue to brunch there with every visit.  As if it even mattered, the food and service are excellent as well.   We've had many of their delicious brunch offerings and only but a few weren't "that great".    Located inside the beautiful Auberge du Soleil Resort, the drive up is wonderful and the parking is free.  I only wish someday I can win the Powerball so I can stay in the resort... a little piece of Napa heaven.  For now, I will just have to settle for the restaurant and those heavenly views.  

                Dinner at Auberge du Soleil is the perfect way to top off any Napa experience.  Nothing can surpass its gorgeous view or the generous service.  Located high above the valley in Rutherford, the ambiance is laid-back elegance.  The food is artfully prepared.  You have the option of choosing several tasting menus to accommodate how hungry you are.  An unforgettable dining experience in Napa, especially to watch the sunset.  

                Came here with high hopes, for a 1 year anniversary celebration. Hostess was very welcoming and escorted us to a lovely fireside table with champagne waiting (my brother had sent it as a surprise). Service was polite though a little slow at times. Sommelier was horribly unfriendly and unhelpful -- would be happy to elaborate on this if the management would like to hear more, she was the biggest turn off of the night. Food was good but, with the exception of the gnocci, not memorable. All in all, the experience did not meet my expectations for a resort and restaurant of this caliber. Not sure how it earned a Michelin star. I don't regret trying it since it's long been on my list, but I don't plan  on going back. There are many places in Napa at a comparable (or even lower) price point where I have had much better dinners.  

                Auberge Du Soleil is located in the beautiful wine country. The views from this restaurant are amazing and you can truly appreciate being away from the city life. Everything is so green and full of life and it truly makes you relax. I was here over the weekend for a wedding that was absolutely beautiful! The wedding was held on the downstairs patio where the private event room is located. I was beyond excited to finally dine at a restaurant that has received a Michelin Star.  The one thing that I liked about this restaurant is that it didn't feel pretentious at all. It felt classy, but not pretentious. All of the staff was friendly and did everything with a smile. I have to give a shout out to Maggie and Luis who were excellent that night. They added to the overall experience that I had at Auberge Du Soleil.   =Hors d'oeuvres=  * Wild Mushroom Tart: A bite-size tart topped with mushrooms and a small slice of cheese. This was absolutely delicious! I love mushrooms and I wish this could have been an entree. A definite must if you are a mushroom lover.  * Lemon panna cotta, California white sturgeon caviar: Served on an Asian style spoon, the caviar was quite delicious. I wish the lemon panna cotta wasn't as flavorful since it overpowered the caviar when combined. I suggest eating the caviar first to get the most out of the flavor and then eat the lemon panna cotta as a palate cleanser.   * Trout salad, egg mimosa, endive, fried capers: To my surprise the capers didn't stand out that much. The trout salad was similar to a tuna salad, but with that rich trout flavor. I thought this dish was excellent!  * Crisp French gougeres: A French gougeres translates into a cheese pastry or a cheese cream puff. Think of a dessert cream puff, but with no filling and a wonderful cheese flavor. Think of the flavor of a concentrated cheeze-it. I love cheese so this dish was perfect.   * Maine crabcakes, spicy rouille: The bite-size crabcakes sure packed plenty of flavor. You can taste all of the crab and different spices that they used. The outside was nice and crisp which gave it a nice balanced texture.   =Appetizer=  * Diver scallop, eggplant caviar, ratatouille vinaigrette: The scallop was cooked to perfection and it was buttery soft. The two different sauces were amazing on their own, but when you combine the two it was just an explosion of flavor! Highly recommend.  =Entree=  * Filet of beef, brussel sprouts, potato puree: The filet was cooked to a perfect rare. There's really not much to say about a filet. The brussel sprouts were something else though. I'm not a huge brussel sprouts fan, but the flavor that they were able to achieve using different spices and the way that they were able to put a nice char on it to give it extra flavor was incredible. The best side dish to accompany the filet.   * White fish (either sea bass or halibut), risotto: The white fish was cooked perfectly and placed atop a bed of risotto. The risotto didn't have that strong, rich cheese flavor that I was hoping for. The fish was delicate and flavorful on the other hand.   If I had to make a recommendation when it comes to all of the food I would have to say you should order the: wild mushroom tart, trout salad, caviar, diver scallop and the filet of beef. This restaurant is very romantic and beautiful and I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants an excellent dinner. They definitely deserve a Michelin Star for the overall wonderful experience.  

                The amazing view is a good enough reason to visit! We didn't have reservations when we showed up for breakfast. The host was a bit snotty about it but there was a table available anyway so I don't see what the big deal was. Our waitress however was quite pleasant. We had a group of 4 and the coffee they served us was lukewarm. We kindly told her and she brought us a fresh pot. Much better. :) the food was really good! We had the Benedict, breakfast pizza, and the brioche French toast. Everything was delicious. The view was breathtaking. It really made breakfast that much more enjoyable.  

                Five of us had the three course dinner which pretty much covered EVERYTHING on the menu.  Great way to sample all the restaurant's offerings.  We all felt that the portions were generous.  Service is slow but attentive.  We sat out on the patio overlooking the beautiful valley and vineyards.  It was a very warm evening and the patio is well shaded.  5/5 stars for:  Corn soup, poached lobster, kampachi crudo, pork belly and halibut were the best dishes.  4/5 stars:  Scallop, veal sweetbreads, king salmon,  Beef Pave  3/5 stars:  Ahi Tuna, Bacon wrapped veal,   2/5 stars:  Duck, lamb, shrimp risotto  Didn't order desserts but they serve the table chocolate covered almonds, bourbon truffle and pistachio caramels.   Could have had 4-5 more of the caramels.  Definitely would return when the menu changes!  

                Great food, cocktails, wine and views. A bit pricey, but I love it. The risotto was amazing. Good to go there on the deck around 5 PM or earlier because it fills up quickly.  

                We've been going to Auberge for years now as our first special meal of the spring. It's a long drive, or we'd go more often. This past weekend, we noticed overall quality had really slipped. Here's why: the a la carte menu is gone, replaced with prix fixe only, eliminating many of the best food choices. The food itself is really average. Nothing stood out as magnificent, which used to be the baseline expectation in the past. It was all "just fine." Staff quality has dropped. We noticed lots of new people we'd never seen before. If someone who is tasked with explaining what is in your bread basket does not know she shouldn't touch each piece she is explaining, someone has really missed proper training. Drinks were re-filled with something we hadn't ordered in the first place. Everyone was very pleasant, but you could tell the knowledge that used to be there with food and wine recommendations is gone. I also noticed the restaurant was much less full than we'd ever seen before, so perhaps word is getting around. I don't know, but the only reason I'd recommend going to eat at Auberge now is for the view. They lose out to multiple nearby establishments on every other basis of choice.  

                We didn't stay here, but sat outside on the patio to enjoy a nice drink and the wonderful view of the valley.  That's why we came and that's why we'd come back.  We had a really nice cheese plate and they do serve mixed drinks in addition to wine. The drinks were very good, but again, you're here for the view.  We were able to show up and get a table without a reservation right at sunset, which i assume was a little lucky.  

                Went two days in a row treat guests: once for dinner - had six course Chef's tasting menu with wine pairing ($150+70) - then another time for lunch and ordered a la carte ($40).  For dinner, the food of the Chef's tasting menu was fully satisfactory and wine pairings were excellent (and generous pours). The service was also 5-stars. I also appreciated how the restaurant didn't require all the members of the table to participate in the same tasting course.  For lunch, food was good (for its value) but the service not as much. It wasn't poor, but perhaps I was too spoiled the evening before for such an attentive service during the long Chef's tasting and wine pairing course.  Anyway, I always recommend this place to guests in Napa. During the past several visits, food and service have always been generally good and the ambiance with the view and fireplace is also very pleasant to have a relaxed dinner.  

                Had one of the most amazing meals of my life there, and I have been to many fine dining and Michelin star restaurants. Had the 6 course tasting menu with wine pairings and it did not disappoint! Was amazing, as was the service. Cannot wait to return  

                We had a lovely, leisurely brunch on the deck on a sunny Sunday, with an incredible view, impeccable service, and food and wine that was to die for! We started out with Kir Royales and scones, followed by the ahi tuna appetizer which was spectacular! Then came asparagus with prosciutto, risotto, and the Maine lobster omelette. Every bite was totally mouthwatering! To end the meal we had two tarts: chocolate, and banana. Both were delicious, but the banana one was fantastic! Excellent all around - you can't miss by going here.  

                The Restaurant at Auberge Du Soleil is located inside the framed hotel with spectacular view.  This place was on my list for quite some time, and I am glad that I finally got the chance to try the brunch service.  My meal was pretty good overall.  The Kurobuta pork was flavorful and tender.  However, one can always find flaws regardless of star level. The cabernet braised short rib was over sauced and slightly salty.  Desserts were forgettable.  Desserts seem to be a common weakness for many high quality restaurants with few exceptions.  The food may not be the best in its class, but the level of service and attention to details rival some of the best restaurants anywhere.  Even though it didn't quite live up to the hype, this place is still a good dining option in Napa Valley.  I will definitely return to try the diner service next time.  

                Been here a few times, very good food. Was pretty pissed today about the hostess telling us that we can sit ourselves anywhere out on the terrace.  Found a table sat down and then another hostess come to our table and tell us that we will have to give up our table to a couple that has been waiting!  Embarrassment!  Used to be more classy!  Not sure we'll be back.  

                The memory of this place will be burned in my mind forever.  My sister had her honeymoon at this hotel and I feel fortunate that someone showed me this place.  I can see where a few people might be disappointed at the service.  On a chance at bad service (and everyone has a bad day), I would be quite upset given the price I was paying.  Luckily we had superb service.  They seemed to be on point with every suggestion.  Our wine was paired perfectly and the meal was exquisite.  Our table had a perfect view of the rolling hills of Napa.  Sighhhhhhh.  I dream about this place and wake up sorely disappointed that I'm home in bed.  

                Dedicating my 200th Yelp review to Auberge Du Soleil's restaurant. Made the reservation easily on Open Table/Yelp, and arrived early for lunch on a weekday with Vivek. Gave us the best table inside with a view of the canyon on a pouring rainy day which reminded me of Kauai with the clouds and trees.  Service was excellent. Did not feel any pretense or snobbiness, everyone was warm and friendly.  Food was AWESOME for vegetarians. Most of these fancy restaurants  in Napa do not cater to vegetarians well, they often have a pasta and mushroom dish and consider that a fully balanced vegetarian meal that includes a real protein beyond grated cheese.  Auberge was an exception. First I had multiple choices of vegetarian entrees (rare surprisingly in the area), and I went with the wild mushroom mille feulle, with a starter of the blood orange ricotta salad. My carnivorous husband ordered the sonoma chicken with artichokes with a starter of an asparagus proscuitto salad.  The appetizers had great texture and flavor, not too overpowering with spices so you can taste the actual ingredients. I thought the blood orange salad was tasty and fresh, but it didn't "wow" me over. Actually my husband and I loved the bread the most out of the appetizers. :)  Then the entrees came out, and the waiter came out with the wrong dish for my husband, some beef dish that looked very good. The waiter immediately apologized and gave us the beef dish for free and reordered the chicken in a tactful way.   I loved the mushroom mille feuille. It was probably one of my best vegetarian dishes ever that I have had (I've been vegetarian for almost 20 years) and it is on par with Ubuntu in Napa which unfortunately shut down awhile back. The wild mushrooms was paired with a fresh farm egg cooked sous vide, fresh watercress puree, a watercress on top, and other vegetables. The flavor and textures were spectacular. I would totally come back for just that dish.  My husband took two bites of his mistaken beef dish, which he thought was tasty but wanted his chicken. Then his chicken came and he was very satisfied. I probably can't describe it well since I didn't taste it, but it had a great blend of fresh local veggies, roasted chicken and purees.  Dessert was a chocolate tart with ganache and fresh mint ice cream. Spectacular.  We felt cozy, comfortable and well cared for. Not what I had expected to be honest in such a high end place. We are coming back!  

                When I checked the weather and saw that it was a perfect 80 degrees in Napa, I decided it was time for a day trip up from the city. I called Auberge on Thursday evening and as it turned out, someone cancelled a patio brunch spot on Saturday morning at 11:30. Needless to say that sealed the deal for the outing.  We arrived at Auberge right around 11:30, the parking lot was pretty empty so it was a breeze to valet. The restaurant is just a stone's throw from the valet and we were ushered to our seats promptly. The view as many have said is tranquil, peaceful, and lovely. I wished that the railing was lower and also the highway wasn't right there to obstruct the view of the rolling vineyards but it was still a nice view.  There is no ala carte option for brunch. For $58, you get a pre fixe menu with about 5-6 choices under each selection for a 3 course meal and you also get a free glass of mimosa or sparkling wine.  Starters: grilled prawn salad over butter lettuce and homemade gnocchi. Presentation was beautiful for both and I enjoyed the prawns over the gnocchi.   Mains: Seared ahi tuna-perfect medium rare, very refreshing way to go for a brunch option. I did see the lobster omelet (my original choice) ordered by the table next to us which looked like an omelet with lobster inside. I took the recommendation by the waiter who indicated that the tuna was more delicately prepared and I think he was right.   My husband ordered the short ribs which were on the heavier side, especially for a brunch item. I have had tastier short rib dishes for sure elsewhere as well.  Desserts were good and they also remembered our special occasion. Our waiter was good and while the manager came around to check on us, our waiter curiously never did. The rest of the wait staff were very good though, they always refilled our drinks, cleared our plates etc.  The one thing that threw me for a loop was when we got the bill and they charged us the pre fixe price and an additional $14 for each dessert. It seemed really weird that they would make this type of error since it was a pre fixe. Our waiter removed it promptly but imagine if we had not checked!  

                Ok... I'm a little torn on this place, and I'll explain why. Overall, it was a beautiful late lunch that I attended.  Setting: 5 stars The setting is absolutely stunning. Sitting on the patio, with the sun shinning down on Napa Valley doesn't get any better than that. Even though it was quite chilly, the heat lamps were on, and the sun was out. It was truly spectacular. There was even a wedding - what an incredible place to get married. Relais & Chateau always does a great job with this.  Service: 5 stars Our server obviously had been there for quite a while and she was extremely knowledgeable about everything - the menu, the wines, what are popular favorites, ingredients and more. She was absolutely great. I think her name was Cynthia.  Food: 3 stars I was really expecting more. Maybe I've eaten at too many Michelin star restaurants this month. I know. Total food snob. At any rate, I wasn't blown away by it.  I ordered a 3 course brunch: Oysters, a duck confit hash, and desert. Yes, it was good.... but nothing I haven't seen before.   I think maybe I'll need to come back here for dinner. I'm sure it would be a completely different food experience.  

                It's unquestionably a five star experience, but didn't really dazzle me. Probably my fault for going to Gary Danko last week.  Special notes: I love the champagne cart as a welcome, the chestnut soup and cheerful cider extras were very nice.  With the burrata salad, there was a wonderful black olive caramel.  On the 'didn't quite get there for me' side of things, they paired my flavorful-but-slightly-too- tough duck breast with a CDP, but I was happier when they changed it out for a Syrah (the CDP was way too conflicting).  The other pairings were spot on. Burrata - not enough cream, though that seems to be a recurring theme these days.  The dessert - mousse with mandarins, marmalade and cedar ice cream was perfectly paired with a Far Niente Dolce (though a bit heavier on the gelatin for shape than I prefer)  Service?  Respectable. Nothing they could have done better, and the ambiance is Napa Classic.  One more thing - while I'm generally a fan of late night dining, I think this is much more suited to a visual experience.  Shoot for sunset.  

                I came across this little gem on open table since I was looking for a specific time frame to eat while staying in Napa for the night.   We pulled up in the parking lot and the two valets were holding up the wall and watched us walk in but did make contact by asking if we were dining with them this evening. Seemed anti-climatic for the first impression arriving to a posh dining in a Rolls Royce and not even having my door opened. And I have to admit as charming as our little table in the corner was the restaurant was empty at 8:30 which was a bit weird. Normally when a restaurant is empty it usually means it's no bueno but this might have just been the time of year.   Napa and the quaint towns surrounding are not like the loud and crowded towns I am accustomed to like SF and San Jose, Bay Area. But aside from that I enjoyed my first ever CRYSTAL by the glass, the creme de la creme of champagne. It was truly delicious and I was careful to enjoy every bubbly sip.   The amuse bouche and the side plates were crisp and textured.   I had the fish and my bo had the scallops. Everything was exquisitely small but I had a big lunch so this tasting meal was just what I wanted. We didn't feel rushed but we could tell that the servers and staff wanted to leave as soon as possible especially with no one else to serve so that was the only downfall of our meal experience.  

                My wife and I were in Napa to celebrate our anniversary and we stopped in for lunch at the bistro one day between visits to some wineries.  We were lucky enough to score an outside table on the terrace.  We were so impressed with the view, food & service that we inquired about dinner reservations on the restaurant side of the terrace for our last night in Napa which was a few days away.  We did have other reservations for our last night,  but the thought of watching the sun set with this beautiful view of the valley was the only way we could see ourselves ending a perfect week.   The hostess that was working the lunch shift was extremely professional and friendly.  After I explained that we were in Napa for our anniversary she said that she would squeeze us in for that coming Friday.  She even recommended the time to arrive to get a better shot of terrace seating which is not guaranteed.   We were lucky enough to get a table on the terrace for our last night in Napa on the restaurant side.  It was truly one of the best dining experiences we have ever had.  Unpretentious, professional service with an outstanding meal, view and bottle of wine.  We highly recommend Auberge for all of the above reasons!!!  

                The view here is absolutely gorgeous! Trust me when I say that, as I am someone who despises the outdoors/nature/anything of that sort.  Side note: if your skin is sensitive to the sun, you may want to bring a hat and/or sunglasses. They have shades that cover the patio, but I was sitting in direct sunlight (even with the shades pulled down) for a good portion of the meal.   I only wish that the food could live up to the view. I came for brunch on a Saturday, and unfortunately, they don't let you order a-la-carte. I had the oysters, the Maine Lobster omelet and the chocolate dumplings (?). The presentation was beautiful, but the sauce on the omelet was too rich. On the contrary, the chocolate dumplings were dry and tasteless. I liked that the bread basket had a variety of offerings (muffins, cornbread, etc.), and that either a mimosa or bellini comes included with the meal. I had the mimosa and thought it was pretty good.   Price-wise, this place isn't too terrible: $60 for the 3-course meal. Decent considering that it's a hotel restaurant. The meal was satisfactory, but I don't think I'll be returning.  

                Exceptional service, beautiful setting and amazing view that you will enjoy for sure. The food is good but not excellent.  I was expecting more for a "Michelin star" restaurant. I still highly recommend this place.  

                Bucolic spot overlooking the Napa Valley. The views are unbelievable and the food matches. Favorites include the chopped salad with freshly cooked warm chicken breast (paillard), the Rissoto (varies seasonally) and the manila clams.   Service is outstanding with complimentary valet parking if you're not fortunate enough to be a guest.  

                Brunch was really good. Kick off brunch cocktail included in the price. I had the mimosa. Very good selection of brunch items to choose from. Great atmosphere out on the deck looking over the Napa Valley. Complimentary valet parking. I would definitely dine here for brunch again. I have had dinner here as well and it was also an awesome experience.  

                The view of the Napa Valley looking west across the Silverado Trail to the sun setting behind the Mayacamas Mountains makes this a special spot simply for the view alone. Auberge then provides wonderfully balanced service, somehow being extremely attentive without being overly fussy and intrusive, a difficult feat that they do so well.  The food also is excellent, a light California influenced European-Mediterranean flavored cuisine, that we have found to be very well prepared with good presentation.  

                ***The food at Auberge du Soleil is pricey and not exciting, but it is good; and on a nice day, the view is very good***  Auberge du Soleil restaurant is nestled away a little up a mountain in Rutherford (Napa Valley).  The restaurant kind of reminded me of Calabasas' Saddle Peak Lodge in how it felt tucked away (there was also a similar décor, which was kind of a traditional fine dining setup in a mountain lodge setting).  On a nice day, I think the atmosphere would be really good.  The restaurant provides an open view of the valley and mountains.  I was not a huge fan of the restaurant décor though.  The somewhat tattered wood and fireplace gave it that lodge feel, which was good, but I did not like the yellow floral tablecloth.  It seemed a little out of fashion for me.  And this was worsened by the napkins, which were done up in a matching yellow floral design.  Auberge du Soleil offers lunch during the week and they feature a wide variety of lunch style (but still expensive) gourmet sandwiches and salads as well as more dinner-like entrees.  They also do a 3-course lunch prix frixe for under $40.  It is a good deal since they don't skimp on the portion size (the main entrée and dessert portions were both substantial).  Complimentary bread included a hearty and good multigrain bread and a focaccia-like bread (great crispy crust though the bread was too doughy).  For lunch, I ended up opting for the 3-course prix fixe, but I also decided to add the sautéed foie gras, which sounded good.  The foie gras came with mostly sweet sides.  There were strawberries as well as strawberry jus and caramel yogurt.  There was also toasted brioche, granola and nicely caramelized cipollini onions.  The starter was good.  The flavors stood out well.  I liked the caramel yogurt, which was smooth and lightly sweet.  The addition of the strawberries was good though the strawberry sauce was a tad sweet and syrupy.  I was not a huge fan of the toasted brioche, which was overly toasted and hard.  The foie gras was also a thin portion.  And while it was creamy and tasty, it was not incredibly smooth as bits (kind of like tendons) made it difficult to cut.  This was followed by the first course of the 3-course lunch, which was butter lettuce cups topped with poached shrimp, navel oranges, avocado (that were too oxidized), and a lemon dressing.  The salad was okay, but it was the kind of dish you would expect to find at a much lesser restaurant (like a standard hotel restaurant) and definitely not up to the standards of the foie gras.  The entrée was a large portion of Kurobuta pork chop, which was served with whole grain spatzle, onions and delta asparagus.  The pork chop was tender enough, but it was also bland and a tad dry.  There did not seem to be enough fat throughout the pork chop.  The pork next to the bone was good--pretty juicy and flavorful--but that seemed to be where all the fat was.  There was also not much of a sauce to add moisture.  The sides were good though.  The spatzle was light, airy and crispy and not at all greasy.  The onions were good; I also liked the nicely cooked and tender jumbo asparagus.  LA's Campanile makes a much better lunchtime pork chop (consistently juicy and also often served with great sides).  Dessert was kind of a modern take on grasshopper pie.  It consisted of Valrhona guanaja cremeux, pieces of chocolate velvet cake, garden mint ice cream, and vanilla whipped cream.  The chocolate cremeux was a standard ganache, but it was smooth and creamy.  The chocolate cake was a little dry, but I really liked the cool and minty garden mint ice cream (nice and creamy).  The vanilla whipped cream was also good and I liked the addition of the chocolate cookie crumbles.  Service was good.  The service was polite and professional, but it was also warm and welcoming (and I thought the friendly hostess was very good).  Prices were high for lunch, but the 3-course lunch menu was a good deal especially since the portion sizes were definitely substantial.  Unfortunately, the shrimp salad is probably not be one of their better starters.  Their pork chop (if cooked properly) and the chocolate velvet cake though might be good representations of food this restaurant typically puts out.  Auberge du Soleil is a decent though not great restaurant.  The view would be really great on a nice day and the food is good (though maybe not creative or exciting).  I think you will be able to find a more vibrant lunch at Redd in nearby Yountville, but Auberge du Soleil is a decent upscale lunch option for Napa Valley.  The restaurant offers complimentary valet parking.  

                Definitely wonderful for a lazy romantic brunch on the balcony. The view is spectacular and so relaxing and a great way to end your stay before driving back to the bay.  

                My husband and I were celebrating our 10 year anniversary when we found ourselves on a beautiful terrace at a restaurant at Auberge du Soleil.  Imagine being inside of a painting:  never-ending beautiful vistas, lush sunset, fresh air and a little bit of magic inspired by the emotion within.  Add masterfully prepared food and fireworks.  Yes, fireworks - it was the 4th of July.  Isn't it what "happily ever after" in fairy tales is supposed to be like?  

                A friend recommended this restaurant as a must visit and I'm glad to say we did! Located in a charming resort nestled at the top of a hill, we sat outside with a view that rivaled Provence! The iPad provided displayed and explained their wines most efficiently. I had the house champagne and was not disappointed, The rolling hills and greenery were so relaxing, the scenery and peacefulness overtook conversation.   On to the fine menu. It was hard to pass up their 3 courser prix fixe for $37, so we didn't! First we were served warm bread that was perfect... a hard crust with soft insides perfect for dipping in olive oil or butter topped with sea salt. Their Fairytale Pumpkin Soup, topped with fromage blanc, pumpkin seed oil and Pepitas was phenomenal! The main of chicken with poached quince, bacon and fennel with a tarragon makes my  mouth water while thinking about it. Never had poached quince before, was much like a soft apple and when paired with the chicken, bacon and leeks created quite a sweet and savory punch! Finished up with profiteroles drenched in chocolates sauce and served quite elegantly. The wait staff was excellent, knowledgeable and quick to accommodate. What a wonderful afternoon. Don't hesitate to go-- worth every penny and lunch makes it all the more affordable!  

                My sister loves this place!  As for me, I could spend my $100 somewhere else but it was my sister's birthday, so why not.  Every time I come back, to this venue (wish my sister), the service is better and better!  The view is excellent; I love how quiet it is and the food was superb.  I recently had the halibut with peach dessert.  

                I do not think words could describe how beautiful the view from this restaurant is. I think this is one of the most romantic places I have been solely based on the view. This is a great destination to come to, especially if you are visiting the area for wine tasting, there should be no reason skip this place.  Food was yummy, small portions, big bucks :) this is in reference to the tasting menu which I had the first time I came.  The second time I came I had pizza after some wine tasting. Pizza was really good and it hit the spot.  The service here is one of the best I have ever had. My hubby splashed chocolate on his shirt from his chocolate lava cake, the waiter saw it and came by immediately with a Clorox pen and apologized. His timing and service was exceptional.  I hope this review does not get deleted again!  

                The view is stunning and that is what we felt like we paid for. The service was great, the personal attention was that of other highly acclaimed restaurants. The food was extremely expensive. The three course option is over $100 per person. You have a choice of three or four courses only. Very small portions are served. The lamb was cooked perfectly, the gnocchi was salty, and the desserts were the highlight of the meal.  

                A stunning view of the napa hills. If you're broke still come here, drop by to check out the view and maybe have 1 app. Also liked that the bottom level view is wheelchair accessiable.  

                This place has been on my "to do" list for a while now. We finally went for my husband's bday. We had the weekend brunch. Unfortunately, the patio with the amazing view was closed bc it was raining, but i had already anticipated that, considering the balcony is closed during winter months. For a michelin star restaurant, service was good but not great. The food on the other hand, particularly the pastries and bread was delicious! My husband could not stop raving about it. It was made fresh, and it was still warm upon serving. The croissant was buttery and amazing! I had the tuna tartare and duck confit hash which were both really good. He had the oysters on a half shell, and the lobster omelette. The signature chocolate dumplings was just ok. Meanwhile his dessert was nicely presented with a "happy bday" & candle.   Overall, we enjoyed the meal. Would definitely come back again for weekend brunch in the spring to experience the balcony views.  

                From the moment we began driving up their private road I knew this was going to be a special meal. Valet was prompt and friendly, host was kind and quick and our server was attentive and very helpful. They even helped us w/ a special Italian soda which wasn't even on their menu. The ambiance is amazing and the food was classic with a twist. I hope to be back soon.  

                One of my favorite restaurants in Napa!!! Delicious food, attentive service and beautiful view!!! We loved the whole experience there!  If you go here, you must sit outside!  

                WHAT A VIEW.  Like others have said, coming here for the view alone is worth if, but oh man, does the food, service and wine measure up!  Came here last Friday and it was part of Napa Valley Restaurant Month. They conveniently wrote down the restaurant month offering on and extra flap of the menu (so convenient and you don't even have to ask the waiter!  The special was a mixed green salad as an appetizer and bass as a main. The salad, was well, a salad. The bass though... Just melt-in-your-mouth delicious. It was finished with some black pepper oil, chorizo and thin noodles. It was amazing.  For wine I had an Abarino while me friend had a glass if Sauvignon. After a whole day of wine tasting, I can still say that the wine I had there was my favorite of the day.  This place really went above and beyond on service by charging my iPhone while we ate, water refills at the perfect time, hot piping bread to accompany the food, and the most adorable server explaining our dishes to us. I absolutely loved this place and cannot wait to come back!  

                Three course brunch for $ 58.00 per person in Napa?  on a gorgeous mountain?  overlooking the valley? on a beautiful veranda?  with exceptional service?  and stunning decor?  and oh yeah, delicious food? SOLD!  Waited several years to get here and the pay off was BIG! A similar brunch here in South Florida will go for at least that but usually for much more and without the view or service. It is very hard to find here.   We arrived and left the car with valet. No cost. Walked into the beautiful lobby area which was all done in fall colors. We were promptly shown to our table right on the veranda with a incredible view. I had to pinch myself throughout the brunch to make sure I was really there. Turns out, I was!  We skipped the included mimosas, bellinis, bloody mary's and sparkling wine to have a cab. Of course we did. It's Napa! I forget what the corkage fee was but it was not bad, same as elsewhere on the valley. We started with their delicious muffins, breads and pastries. I had to pace myself and exercise some restraint or I would not be able to finish my meal. I barely finished.  We started with the heirloom tomato salad and gnocchi with wild mushroom. Both of which were exceptional. We continued with the Maine lobster omelet and the Cabernet braised short ribs. Phew! I knew I should not have had so much bread and scones. The short ribs were so good! The lobster omelet was perhaps my least favorite but not sure if it was that I just could not eat anymore or that it was the least lackluster of the "brunch".   Don't judge BUT we did find room for dessert. Ha! There is always room somewhere in there. We tried the mascarpone cheesecake which my husband absolutely devoured and loved. I had the apple tart with lemon pudding which was perfect.   The service was perfectly timed and just enough parts charming without it being overbearing. This was one of those places where I swear they use cameras to spy on the diners to achieve perfect timing. All in all, Auberge delivered in a big way. I will add them to my rotation for my next visit to the valley.   I raise my hand and promise that I will go easy on the bakery basket next time. Maybe.  

                Very, very nice place. I really love the experience that I had with this restaurant. Nice and romantic view, exquisite food, and very friendly service even we waited a little bit once in a while. But take note, they have different server for your different needs.  First time that I experience an iPad for you to browse their menu. I think that was cool. They gave us a complimentary soup from the chef. Whatever you will get from the menu, very tasty. They also gave us a complimentary dessert with greetings when they found out that we're celebrating something special. Oh, they will offer a pashmina if you're feeling a little bit breezy at the end of the night! Very lovely.  I wish I can come here very often. I'm looking forward for our next visit.  

                Review is for the restaurant only... That being said. 5 stars for the view. I mean...seriously. It's amazing. We were the first ones to arrive for dinner and got to pick our table right by the railing. Gorgeous!  We decided to go with the tasting menu having had tremendous luck at several restaurants recently.  It was good...very good, but not up to the prices. We split a half bottle and each had a pre-dinner cocktail and walked out +$500 tab. I like to be wowed for that amount of money. I was more wowed by the view...   Next time, I would order off the menu and get a bottle. Live and learn!  Don't miss it though!  Beautiful place!  

                Swanky spot with very good food and wines. Very attentive and knowledgeable staff. Enjoyed all the courses and a beautiful view from the deck. I was a little confused on their menu concept - wasn't real clear with no prices listed, if everything was tasting menu or not, and how the portions changed depending on what you did.  It was a bit confusing, but it worked out.  The lamb was good, as was the beef. Halibut was very well cooked if a little under-seasoned for my liking.  Same with a couple other dishes - dishes felt a little light on salt/seasoning for my taste, but overall very good.  

                Let's begin with the positive-which is the location and ambience. A beautiful space with a majestic view of the valley at sundown. We sat out on the patio and the setting was sublime. This is the only reason we would return.  Now for the not so positive: Our meal for four with two bottles of wine was over $1200.00. For this price and a Michellan star, one expects decent service, hot food, and help with an amazing and cumbersome wine list. We had none of the above.  Service was weird and unprofessional. Here are a couple of highlights (there are more). We were served two flat $20 glasses of champagne. It was obvious they were flat when poured. It took about a half hour to get them replaced.  BTW-they also replaced them with two more expensive glasses and charged us the greater amount! There was no sommelier in sight which was a problem given the extensive wine list. The wait between our first and second course was 45 minutes and our food came out cold. We asked the server to call a cab and she forget. When reminded 20 minutes later she dropped the dishes she was clearing and ran off. When my son-in-law good naturedly pointed out the food was cold, the server said 'well you should complain-it is your right to complain". That is what we thought we were doing. No offers to remedy the situation. The food was fine, but nothing special (even if it had been hot). We are used to eating in fine restaurants all over the world, and my son-in-law has owned several successful high end restaurants.  This restaurant is not a fine restaurant. In fact, it had the air about it of a tourist trap. We are not regulars, so perhaps the experience is much better if you are. In the end, if you must, go for the view-it's almost worth it. However, there are many better places to eat in the Napa Valley.  

                We have been here several times over the years, always for"special" occasions - i.e. when we felt we could justify dropping a wad for a meal.  The menu changes fairly often, we have had various duck, lamb and seafood entrees and once I had a five-course meal with wine pairing.  My impression each time was that the food was "petite" nouvelle cuisine (ie fresh, exotic ingredients well prepared and presented, but delicate proportions!).  I describe the service as Fawning.  They refill your water each time you take a sip.  I enjoy good food but prefer it to be unpretentious and not priced so high that you have to be calculative while you order and eat.  So if you are like me, Auberge du Soleil is not for you!    The view is definitely breathtaking, but it is the kind of view which would be enjoyed better in quiet solitude, not with a bevy of restaurant staff hovering over you!  If you want good French food which is affordable and casual go to Bistro 29 in Santa Rosa.  Come here for bragging rights.  

                This is a review for a Saturday brunch I had this weekend at Auberge Du Soleil restaurant. In short, it was heavenly.  Going in I knew it would be a splurge- $58 for a prix fixe brunch isn't cheap, but I was looking for a nice place to relax and chat with a friend from out of town. In the end, I have to say that it was WELL worth it. And considering that some wineries are charging $45 for tastings (I'm looking at you Schramsberg!), this didn't seem too outrageous.  Oh the view... When making reservations, be sure to request a seat on the balcony, because it's absolutely where you want to be. This wrap-around deck overlooks the beautifully terraced grounds of the hotel and then to vineyards and Napa valley in the distance. Gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous.  And the food? I've been to plenty of overpriced restaurants that serve mediocre food that justify their existence because of a nice view. I'm happy to report that the food here holds its own with the stunning view. After a delicious (and complimentary with brunch) welcome cocktail and bread basket, I was actually pretty full. I did find the strength within me to power through the light and delicious asian-inspired ahi tuna tartare and generously filled Maine lobster omelette with perfectly crisp potatoes. Yes, life is hard. But where the menu really shines is with dessert. Kudos to the pastry chef, who exhibits world-class talent in each plate. My chocolate purse dessert was presented on what looked like a little Kandinsky painting of chocolate and sauce. My friend's deconstructed pumpkin chiffon cake was stunning as well.  Needless to say, I had a great time here, and would definitely go again.  

                this is a beautiful place to have brunch.  brunch is prix fixe and is a pretty good deal.  you start w/ a sparkling drink (mimosa, bellini, etc) and a lovely bread/muffin basket.  then you get to pick an app, entree, and dessert, and there are tons of options.  i started w/ half a dozen oysters, moved onto the ahi nicoise, and then had the trio of sorbet for dessert.  light(er) lunch so that i could leave some room for dinner later.  ;)  everything was tasty and well-prepared.  presentations were all beautiful as well.    views while sitting are gorgeous, so i will definitely be back.  

                Sunday brunch $58 fixed price 3 course meal plus a glass of sparking wine. Lobster omelette braised Cabernet short ribs, ahi tartare, shrimp and orange baby Bibb salad. Wonderful selection of breads and muffins. Dessert chocolate. Beautiful view of all napa valley from the terrace seating. Chocolate dumplings with tarragon ice cream  

                WOW.  Just... wow.  My family and I had breakfast here.  It sucked getting up at 6 to get ourselves and two kids ready to get to this place in time, but it was definitely worth it.    It was a little chilly this morning in Napa around 8am.  According to Open Table- if you make reservations between 1 May and 31 Oct, you will be seated outside on the patio terrace.  Seating is inside for reservations during the other part of the year.  Each table outside does have a heater located above each table, but it took awhile for us to really feel warm enough to take off our light weight jackets.  Our server's name was Salvador.  He was very warm, friendly, and courteous.  He noticed the look on our faces (my husband and I were nervous about having our kids with us) and he immediately started talking to our daughter and then to us about our son.  There was only one other table with an older couple dining, so we pretty much had the place to ourselves.  A lot of people have marked that it isn't good for kids; I disagree.  Salvador definitely made our kids feel welcome, talked to our 8 year old daughter and would smile and talk to our almost 2 year old son as well.  Of course I'm sure if we came here for dinner I'd be saying something totally different since that's when the kids are usually at their... squirmiest.  LOL  I hope that I can write a review good enough to give the food and the experience justice.    Coffee cake- what a nice little cake to have before the food comes out.  My husband was the only one that had coffee, but our daughter was the one that gobbled up the coffee cake.  she loved how it was made, said she wanted to learn how to make it.  a  l' Américaine- I ordered this for breakfast with my eggs over easy, chicken sausage and wheat toast.  It came with potatoes and a roasted tomato.  DELICIOUS.  the potatoes were seasoned perfectly and even cooked with sauteed onions, the chicken sausage was very savory, definitely the best chicken sausage I've had, and even though I just had over easy eggs, they were seasoned perfectly as well.  I usually have to salt them a little once I break the yolk, but wasn't the case here.  They have homemade raspberry and blackberry jam on the tables and must I say it was tempting enough to have me try to attempt to make jam myself at home.  LOL     Esperanza breakfast with an a side of applewood smoked bacon- My husband's breakfast and I was quite jealous that I didn't order this for myself it was so scrumptious!  I mean, I'm glad I didn't because it was a big plate of food, but damn was it good!  Huevos Rancheros, Scrambled Eggs, Chorizo, Black Beans, topped with fresh, ripe avocados.  The Chorizo had a little kick to it!  He loved the salsa and the black beans were cooked perfectly to his liking.  He loved every second of his breakfast.  Haha!  Buttermilk pancakes with vermont maple syrup- our daughter's choice.  She almost finished it until she started trying everything else.  She had the bacon, ordered her own egg and finished my egg I didn't finish, tried the pastries from the basket, ate another whole coffee cake that Salvador brought out, two glasses of the fresh squeezed oj, and some of my toast with the homemade jam.  My husband and I got a chance to taste it when she finally tapped out and OH EM GEE, best pancakes I've ever tasted!  They definitely added a little extra something to the batter to make it a little sweeter that it seemed like no syrup was needed.     Side of fruit- ordered for our youngest.  He devoured majority of the strawberries, blueberries, and raspberries, a little pineapple and that was it.  All that was left really were the melon slices.  They seemed very fresh and ripe, my daughter had one tart raspberry but that was her only "complaint".    Pastry basket- A slice of lemon cake, a wild blueberry muffin, a muffin we have yet to try, and a croissant.  Yum to everything, the blueberry muffin was my favorite.  We all shared that and the lemon cake, but didn't get to the last two pastries.  We were surprised with Salvador offered to box it up for us to take home as we were winding down from our amazing breakfast.    The apple juice and orange juice we had were definitely freshly squeezed!  It tasted like they used red delicious apples!  A wonderful experience!  Definitely worth every penny and it was a nice, enjoyable family meal.  Will DEFINITELY be coming here again.. maybe next time, just with my husband ;)  

                What am amazing view.  10 stars for the view alone!  Really felt like we got away from the world to get a piece of the country life.  There's a beautiful view of the valley, and it's so peaceful.  Such a huge contrast to the busy restaurants in the city.    I got the pork chop, which I would say is probably 4 stars.  Well maybe I just have higher expectations since it's a michelin restaurant.  Got the apple dessert, and the ice cream was amazing.    If only I could hang out in napa everyday!  

                Where should one go for their post-wedding ceremony dinner? Someplace like Auberge, of course!  Auberge is a good looking place. The view is unbeatable. Unfortunately, we got in too late to really enjoy the sights and the temperature dropped as it got dark, anyways. But the interior decor is just as beautiful and inviting, complete with a fireplace.  All of our guests were extremely pleased with the menu selections. Our dining experience kicked off w/ an amuse bouche courtesy of the chef and it was phenomenal: some kind of lobster ceviche crostini type amazingness. And each course thereafter was just as exciting!  The extensive wine list offers practically every vintage under the sun!  

                Happy to say that, I'm glad Auberge du Soleil was my first brunch spot experience at Napa, because I don't think there are many other restaurants that could top this place for brunch besides maybe The French Laundry and The Restaurant at Meadowood. Even then, I'm almost positive you can't find another restaurant in Napa with as amazing of a view than the one at Auberge du Soleil. It certainly wins the restaurant with the best outdoor view in my book. You have to drive through curvy roads and up the mountains to get to this restaurant, and then out comes this spectacular view of everything from the top / restaurant. I will have to come back for more potato gnocchi!  They were delicious.  

                Simply excellent. I went there with my girlfriend to celebrate our anniversary and we had a wonderful lunch. Be sure to ask for the terrace to enjoy the view on Napa. A voiturier will take care of your car (no tips required).  You can dress however you want, but it might be good to avoid shorts and t shirts if you do not want to feel underdressed.  Wines are displayed on iPads' menus. A bit pricey, but some wines provide good value for money (range = 30 - 50).  I'd recommend the little feuillettes in entrees and the lobster sandwich for the main dish.  

                Wow...the breathtaking view of Napa Valley alone makes Auberge du Soleil worth the visit!  Thankfully and, not at all surprisingly, the cuisine here delivered on all fronts and then some.  My friends and I opted for the four-course meal and kicked things off with some fatty duck liver and scallops.  By "kicked things off," I mean "had several mouthgasms" as the scallop took the spot for the best I've ever tasted - perfectly seared on the outside leading to a cool, silky raw center.  The foie gras's exquisitely creamy texture was accentuated nicely by the sweetness of a plethora of accompaniments from cherries and tarragon honey to caramel yogurt and granola.  Next up, we had an all-star lineup of Sauteed Tai Snapper, Hopper Shrimp Risotto, Northern Halibut and Asparagus Tagliatelle.  Though I thoroughly enjoyed the delicate pasta, I could've eaten the risotto for days on end.  The incorporation of yuzu emulsion was genius as its citrusy flavors were the absolute perfect counterpart to the heft of the cream and bacon.  I still feel terrible though for misunderstanding Michelle L. and nearly polishing off her dish...it was just THAT good!  It was a meaty affair for our main courses with lamb, duck, cattle and calf all making an appearance.  My Bacon Wrapped Veal was simply unreal...the texture of every muscle strand pranced over my tongue like a ballet dancer in The Nutcracker.  A couple most pleasant surprises presented themselves too such as the Hand Foraged Wild Rice that went with the Beef Pave - so flavorful!  Desserts came in numerous forms too with some Valrhona Guanaja Cremeux, Crisp FIlo Wrapped Chocolate Dumplings and Beignets au Fromage Blanc.  It was chocolate heaven in my mouth with each dumpling and my friend clearly had a similar experience with the beignets as she yelped in delight.  Towards the end, we stayed toasty with heat lamps warming the outdoor tables and some rich, roasty cappuccino.  Service throughout the meal was fantastic - helpful, humorous and knowledgeable.  It goes without saying by now, but rest assured that you'll have a wonderful experience if you decide to come for a meal.  Soak it all in and just smile =)  

                This hotel is absolutely fantastic. It's located high up on a hill overlooking the valley, so you have gorgeous views from everywhere in the hotel! We were there in August and stayed in a suite that was more than big enough for the two of us. I would do a regular room next time. The decor is very minimalistic - it actually feels southwestern because of the colors (orange and brown shades). The balcony was really large and had several reclining pool chairs and a big table to sit at (we never did). There is a well-stocked frig and pantry and all of the amenities are free (included in the price, I guess, is a better way to put it) and restocked each day - even the wine/champagne. The only surprising part of the room was the bathroom. It was perfectly fine, but small and nothing special, which is rare for a fancy hotel. (Not that we cared...)  Breakfast is in the main restaurant at the top of the resort. It was summer so we ate on the patio every day - so pretty. The food is actually pretty good. I think we tried almost everything during the time that we were there!  Everyone at the resort is extremely helpful. When we needed a hired car for wine tasting, they were able to get us one. When I needed a manicure and the spa wasn't open for nails that day, they were able to find nail clippers and some other things to bring to the room. Everyone was so friendly. We also ordered room service one night (after coming home from Meadowood restaurant, where the portions are small!) and it came almost immediately.  The only complaint I have about this hotel is that they don't allow kids at the pool. I suppose most people would complain if that were not the case, but we have family in the area who came to see us one day and we were disappointed we couldn't hang out with their kids at the pool. We had lunch instead, but still, I am always turned off by rules like that.  I would definitely return!  

                This is my 300th review, kidssss! Ek okay, so Auberge is probably a 4.5, I enjoyed it more than I did The French Laundry -- the service is equally polished and the food, while not as inventive, is luscious and tasty. Oh, and how could I not love a place in which someone took the time to come over and tell me I should be a model and it wasn't a creepy dude, but a lady. WIN.  Went on a perfect spring night , sat on the terrace overlooking the vineyard, and unless it's sleeting outside, I highly rec the terrace -- they have BOMB heat lamps and offer you pashminas if you're chilled, which, since it wasn't 90F out, obs I was.   We hit the champagne starter course (the German one, light, fresh, a delight to taste), and then the four course tasting. I honestly don't really remember my starter, but I do know that it was tasty -- then went for the halibut for my second course (perfectly cooked), and the snapper. My dessert was a sorbet concoction, and my date's was the dark choco dumplings w/ EVOO -- basically, melting dark chaco in a lightly deep fryer kissed fillo wrapper -- if I wasn't so full, I would have licked the plate.  I think our meal was $450, incl tip and 6 glasses of wine. Service is attentive w/o being overbearing --we wanted wine tips, which our main server, Suze, recommended, and she was more than happy to take one back for which I did not care and bring out another.  Only real crit is tht the bread and butter could have been better. I expect proper butter at a place of this price point. I meant, it was fine, not like Subway rolls, but not earth shattering, and I like my butter to rock my world.  Oh! And they give you fruit gelee goodies for the road! Yesssss for goodie bags from fancy restos.  

                My boyfriend and I attended a wedding held here at the restaurant. The ceremony was very nice even with the sun beating down on us. The place is gorgeous and pretty much everything we ate was obscenely good. Everyone even raved about their lemonade. It was perfect, not too sweet not too sour. We both had two glasses each. That is just lemonade. Imagine how good their food is! The worst part of our meal was their bread. It was tough and lacked in taste.    Service here is wonderful.  

                For a one Michelin starred restaurant, I love it. The wine selection is great, as they get many of their wines from the local wineries in Napa. View is beautiful. Their liberty duck is the best duck I've tasted. I would rank this restaurant the best one Michelin starred restaurant I've been to so far and I've been to about 8 one Michelin starred restaurants. Very impressed.  

                Gorgeous view and spectacular food! I have been to brunch here twice and cannot recommend it highly enough. With so many fabulous restaurants in Napa it's sometimes hard to navigate the 5 star choices. Auberge is truly not to be missed.  Loved the white corn soup (red curry, crispy oyster, cilantro), potato gnocchi with wild mushrooms, cow's milk burrata, ahi tuna tartare, duck confit hash, and the Cabernet braised short rib was my absolute favourite. I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong though.   The service was awesome as well.  A beautiful place!  

                What a beautiful place. We tried brunch here and it was good. I loved the gnocchi and braised short ribs. I have found my new brunch spot in Napa Valley. The food was very good but the service and view made it spectacular. simply amazing and romantic spot. Too bad it was raining when we went here so we didn't get a chance to have brunch outside their famous patio.  I'ts hard not to love this place. I can't wait to come back and have a yummy brunch again. Perhaps to try their spa with my husband.  

                I finally was able to come for dinner, and what an amazing night I had. We sat at a beautiful table with a gorgeous view and we had the sweetest Italian server. We had the lobster, asparagus soup, lamb, and two desserts with delicious sparkling wine and a bottle of red, and a few dessert wines. Everything was perfect and the night was magical. Such a romantic place!!  

                My husband and I had the prix fixe brunch here & thoroughly enjoyed the food & view.  This was going to be a raving 5 star review but for the fact that two different people offered to refill my husband's (non-alcoholic) beverage (included in the prix fixe), with no suggestion that there was any charge for this, and we were then charged an astonishing $7 for a single refill.  This was like a slap in the face after paying three figures for brunch for two.  It's unfortunate, because the food is excellent and well worth the top dollar you're paying, and the view is simply unbeatable.  It's sad that our lovely meal ended on such a sour note over what was certainly less than $1 worth of juice.  Brunch is prix fixe $58 pp, but you get a lot of food.   They start you off with one of a few different alcoholic drinks (mimosa, etc).  We don't drink so we asked if we could substitute non-alcoholic beverages and they agreed.  My husband had cranberry juice & I had coffee.  Then they bring out a pastry & bread basket (<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2Fasbmo4o&s=ce56d10838318bfdecc9f8531d516afac0b27c188e29b013e8dee8f07c42c09c" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">tinyurl.com/asbmo4o</a>).  Ours had a blackberry scone, some sort of lemon muffin and a couple kinds of bread, including an excellent herb bread.   The scone especially was superb.  You choose an appetizer, entree and dessert course.  For apps, my husband had the potato gnocchi (<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2Fatc9gzt&s=e7f56bb43c5787f2b115c67b680ee261c1e79deea1e667fee2a5ae6ecfe0ef7e" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">tinyurl.com/atc9gzt</a>).  He loved it and I sampled it and agreed it was great.  I had the cow's milk burrata (<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2Fb9x2ry9&s=39c8bbd02f4306281851bf8b19fecb91d7363262a4a71afdce3e435bea3bd960" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">tinyurl.com/b9x2ry9</a>), which I enjoyed. The cheese was very creamy and fresh.   For our entrees, he had the cabernet braised short rib (<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2Faztrgf8&s=8646a9bf20df815cca774e6ea0737dbb95cf3b7f871588b14fc933832b1f5250" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">tinyurl.com/aztrgf8</a>), which he raved about.   I had the Maine lobster omelet (<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2Faxv6rb6&s=0d4b5118628803fb8aed1bd7c5a432e49c34d963376675646d7fe906041ae581" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">tinyurl.com/axv6rb6</a>).  It was good as an omelet, and I really enjoyed the crispy potatoes that came with it, but I would caution lobster fiends that there is not much actual lobster meat in it.  This was fine by me, but I know my mom would have been disappointed with the lack of lobster meat and I imagine others might too if they don't know what to expect.   For our desserts, my husband had a very good apple tarte with vanilla bean ice cream (<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2Facb36zv&s=1c10f75c3525cf002d91e6a976a0deb66895fd53305f51d407ce56213aadb896" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">tinyurl.com/acb36zv</a>) and I had the signature filo-wrapped chocolate dumplings (<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2Fbcrz6uj&s=0b455a790d29a1d6a7bc9e94e3e68654bca7ca92ad62ee2db453924ff19e9983" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">tinyurl.com/bcrz6uj</a>), which were SO good and so unique - I've never seen anything like it.  You have to eat them in one bite, if you try to bite into it chocolate explodes everywhere.  At one point, a waiter noticed my husband's juice glass was mostly empty and asked if he'd like some more.  He said sure.  Soon thereafter another waiter or waitress saw the empty glass and said something like "Oh, I see you're almost out!  We'll have to bring you some more" and my husband explained that another waiter was already doing so.  What about these interactions even suggests that there's a charge for more juice?  So we were of course very surprised to get the bill and see there was a $7 charge for the juice.   We thought they might have thought the juice was an add-on and not a sub for the alcoholic beverage.  Before we could get our waiter's attention to ask him about it, the woman from the front desk (I think she may be a manager?) came over and said there had been a mistake and since we had subbed the juice for the (of course much more expensive) alcoholic beverage there should not be a charge and they would take it off the bill.   We said thanks.  She returned a couple minutes later and said the charge was actually for the refill.  I tried to explain that nobody had even suggested that there was a charge and she was incredibly dismissive, basically just saying "Sorry that's the way it is" and walking away.  This is utterly ridiculous.  Not only was there no suggestion on the part of the waitstaff that there was a charge for the refill (and the second waiter's actions especially suggested that there was no charge), this was an all inclusive brunch for which you pay one price, akin to a buffet.  There were no prices on the menu except the total price.  We were asked if we would like a second pastry basket & we were given one when we said we would.  How are we supposed to know which things we're offered are free?  In a situation like this where there is a legitimate confusion, a classy restaurant will always resolve the dispute in favor of the customer.    Also the price is absurd - SEVEN DOLLARS for juice?  If it had been a couple of bucks, we would have rolled our eyes and shrugged it off.  But to charge us $7 for what tasted like (according to my husband) grocery store brand juice?  After paying $70 per person for brunch, this felt like highway robbery.  Congratulations, Auberge du Soleil.  By being complete jerks about approximately 30 cents worth of grocery store juice, you ruined an otherwise perfect meal and ensured that we will never return.    5 stars for food & view; 1 star for service & management.  

                3-course brunch for $58. Tiny portion. Very attentive service. Food was good but too salty or sweet. Good outdoor view.  

                We drove up to Napa for a few well deserved days sequestered, nestled in the hills of our bucolic back door.  We weren't staying here, but had brunch, as well as walked around the property. All of it's awards are well deserved, and the acclaim can only be understood by being on the grounds - no photos can really do it justice.  It is as relaxing and peaceful an atmosphere as I can imagine.  I hesitate about the 5 stars, because for the value not one moment should be off.  In this situation, I will say our server seemed professional, but vacant, distant, and robotic.  We're not looking for obsequiousness, just a little interest.  It's not a small event for us, so we would appreciate engagement (which was, at times, forgetful).  But never mind those dark thoughts! On to the goodies... and good they were. Outstanding house made pastries, muffins, and breads started us off, alongside a bloody mary (downed quickly, it was fine, but nothing to write home about).  We moved to a couple glasses of sparkling wine, and ordered the Oysters to start. They were incredible: fresh, perfectly shucked,   Wife had the white corn soup with crispy fried oyster and chervil oil.  I had the most unbelievable Onion tartelette with smoked salmon, creme fraiche, and watercress.  This was the highlight of the meal for me, easily.  So delicate, and it just paired so well with the Carneros Brut Rose.   The Main Lobster Omelete was fluffy and in the french style, so slightly softer.  It was delicious, but just as she had wished she ordered the tartelette, I was so jealous of her Duck Confit Hash with slow cooked farm eggs, mache, and red wine sauce.  It was decadent, savory, and superb.  As for desserts, I am just listing them because they were all insane:  Cherokee Blackberries, Vanilla Struesel Cake, Lemon Verbena Ice Cream, Soft Meringue  Port Roasted Bing Cherry Tart, Chocolate Cremeux, Kirsch Chantilly Cream  Red Top Peaches, Mesquite Shortcakes, Pecans, Old No 7 Ice Cream  Trailside Strawberries, Sweet Coconut Cream, Angelfood, Lime, Strawberry Sorbet  Crispy Filo Wrapped Chocolate Dumplings, Tarragon Ice Cream, Arbequina Olive Oil  Wildflower Honey Glazed Apricots, Toasted Sourdough Bread Pudding, Salted Almond Ice Cream  We got the Peaches and Cherry Tart... a Sauternes and port to match.  It was lovely gluttony. It's not a common place treat to end up there, but I am counting the days until we return....  

                Note: This review is only for the restaurant.  With all the hype created on Yelp about "Auberge Du Soleil"... (oooh fancy French name....) I just had to check it out... and hey! I could not have picked a better visit to Napa to check out this wonderful restaurant overlooking the valley than this past weekend, as I was showing a friend around.... who is winery virgin! yeah that's a word! okay 2 words that can totally go together and the rest you know ;))  We came here just before sunset and opted to sit in the bar/lounge area as the dinner reservations for the night were full... So yeah, if you want to have dinner here, please make sure you make reservations well in advance.  It was a stunning view of the valley as the golden rays of the setting sun reflected off our table and silverware...we started with some fresh juices to wash down all the wine "tasting" (If you saw my friend "tasting" his wine, you wouldn't call that tasting anymore ;)) we'd been indulging in all afternoon....I ordered the grapefruit juice.  We then started with fries... except they dress up the fries fancy here and call 'em "pomme frites" hahaha... still the good ol fries...  I ordered the pappardelle pasta with pesto while friend ordered Salmon...  He liked his salmon, he said it tasted fresh... and I really enjoyed my pasta! Because the one thing I do not appreciate in Italian food is when the bathe the pasta in cheese.... Thankfully, my pasta looked and tasted super fresh and healthy, some olive oil, very light cheese and no cream... the pesto was tasty too....  We really wanted to try their desserts but we were sooooooo full... kinda stuffed ourselves on the "pomme frites"   Oh BTW, they have complimentary valet service -- found it quite amusing, all the creative ways, the valet boys park car after car, car on top of car and what not... do tip them when they bring your car back and open the door for you! they deserve it :)  

                VIEWS VIEWS VIEWS!   You can see right away why people come here for special occasions, the view and atmosphere is fantastic.  My husband and I dined outdoors and had a really enjoyable experience.  Service and food great, all around it was a very romantic evening for our 5th Anniversary Celebration!  Thanks Auberge Du Soleil :)  

                We were invited to the brunch yesterday and had a very enjoyable experience  although sitting in the heat especially toward the end of our meal when the temperature reached 100 degree was tough.   We had quite a long drive from the South bay, arrived a little early for our 11:45 reservation. Valet parking was nice, we were seated right away, service was excellent from the start and throughout our meal. The view from the balcony was absolutely beautiful and tranquil, which made any food tasted better.  But we didn't just ate any food, from the cocktail, basket of pastry and bread, appetizers, main course and dessert everything was delicate, delicious and well prepared. Several of us also had wine by the glasses and liked them as well.  Agreed with other Yelpers, the bread basket was killer good. We asked for refills more then once.... and finished. All the appetizers were well received, the raw oysters,  tuna tartar, prawns and gnocchi were wonderful. We had several orders of  the short rib and omelet for main alone with a pork chop and risotto; hubby loved his melt in the mouth s rib, wishing he could have one more piece. My omelet was good but I wished for less egg more other ingredients (even if it's not the lobster). Desserts were all beautiful to look at, some were too sweet for my taste, my favorites were the cherries and ice cream.  This is a great place to bring out-of-town guests or for a romantic getaway. We will be back.  

                He was tall, dark, and handsome. I was dressed for a night out.   Following the winding Silverado Trail, anticipation coursed through our veins. We gasped as we turned onto the small, tree-lined road and made our way up the mountain to arrive at a spectacular view.  At a table next to the fire, we stayed toasty as we gazed out at the progressing sunset. Small plate after small plate delighted us. It was a four course medley including scallops, ahi, sweetbreads, and lamb. We toasted to our happiness and the lovely evening, then continued to linger over our Cotes du Rhone.  Still not ready to end the magic, we called on Remy and a plate of dumplings. Finally stated, we called a driver.  Beautifully prepared food is a delight to the senses. The staff made us feel as though we were the only ones in the restaurant. A romantic view and a crackling fire only add to an evening of culinary pleasure. As we made our way back down the mountain, we shared the kind of smile that is only shared by two people who enjoyed a special time together, then we held hands.  

                Absolutely perfect. I brought my husband here to celebrate his birthday and the experience was the BEST! The food, the wine pairings, the service, the ambiance; incredible. It is a MUST if you are in the area.  

                We went there for Brunch. It has rained so much that although the sun was out, the outdoor areas were very wet.  Like many other places in Napa, even with a reservation, we had to wait to be seated. We were seated inside by the window and the view was amazing.  We had Bloody Marys, and they brought the bread basket right away. The croissant was very good, nice and flaky and warm.  First courses were pumpkin soup, (meh) and a gnocchi with mushrooms, pea shoots and parmesan foam. That was my favorite, although I like my gnocchi a little on the fluffier side. As main courses we had  the duck hash with poached eggs and a salmon with seafood and saffron sauce. Both dishes were good but not outstanding. Desserts were better. The chocolate dumplings came piping hot with icecreal and a drizzle of olive oil. Very good.  We also had an angel food cake thing with tangerine sorbet. The sorbet was awesome. I think what makes Auberge is really the atmosphere and the view. I would still want to come back for dinner in a warmer month so it is warm out and still light.  

                We went to Auberge for brunch last week.  The food was very good overall. I ordered the salmon and onion tart, braised short rib, and rhubarb dessert.  The Salmon and onion tart was good, the short rib was ok- very overpowered by the Cabernet reduction... sort of one very strong note...  My husband ordered the risotto for the second course which was AMAZING- I wish I'd ordered it as well...  the dessert was very good- tangy and sweet. I had a chance to taste the tarragon sorbet- so good!  the service was good, not great because I asked for no mushrooms... and i still had to pick them out.  the view amazing! beautiful location!  

                Auberge du Soleil is a beautiful restaurant situated on top of a hill, so it offers gorgeous views with the touch of great service.  Unfortunately for us, we came on a very rainy day so there was no view to be seen. But from the moment we entered the parking lot until we pulled out of it, we were treated like royalty. We were ushered from our car door to the restaurant under big umbrellas. Then our coats were taken while we were escorted to our table beside a fireplace, which provided much needed warmth after coming in from the rain.  The wait staff spoke in mellow voices and refilled our glasses with frequently. The warm bread offered much needed sustenance while we waited for the appetizer to arrive.  We ordered the hiramasa crudo to start. 3 slices of perfectly fresh amberjack on top of a small mound of rice, and was served with some cucumber pickles, a slice of avocado, a couple of fried wonton strips, and a sweet soy dressing. Because amberjack has such a delicate flavor, I thought the avocado, pickles, and rice were excessive. The pickles turned out to be quite sour, thereby masking any original flavors of the fish. I decided to get around this by eating everything in small bites.  I ordered the 2-course lunch pre fixe, which was a white bean soup with apple smoked bacon and braised lamb shank with swiss chard, polenta, and gremolata. The soup was hearty - perfect for the season and the weather. I didn't absolutely need the bacon as I prefer subtle flavors. The lamb was very tender and flavorful (almost a little too salty for me), but the chard and polenta were great accompaniments. My friend ordered the quail, which looked amazing. The meat was tender, juicy, and flavorful.  All in all, it was a wonderful dining experience. The food isn't the most impressive I've had but the atmosphere and service made it a very enjoyable meal.  

                summary good special occasion spot. the location is one of the biggest factors for its appeal.  food Beautiful presentation and good portions. Definitely on the smaller side, but after a few courses you will be satisfied. We were there for the easter dinner so menu was restricted, but good nonetheless. Had lamb, which is rare, but it was delicious.  service Excellent but not flawless. I enjoy the classic french tableside caviar and champagne carts and cheese and sweet carts. But I was happy with our server's demeanor and attention. We were outside at night and they had the lamps on, and even had some blankets for my sexy date in her dress! Nice touch.  ambiance the view you can't beat, especially if you're on the deck. Inside decor was a little outdated in my opinion, but still comfortable.  

                Top notch service combined with 5 star food quality and presentation. Add a superb view, and you have the recipe for a spectacular dining experience. Highly recommended.  

                Stunning views, but mostly average food, especially the dessert course. I was also expecting more attentive service for the cost of brunch, but it seems like that has been a common complaint from other diners at Auberge. There is mandatory valet parking here, so at least you don't have to worry about finding a spot. The restaurant at Auberge Du Soleil opens early (7am daily), so you can also come and dine here for Breakfast, but the menu is more limited. We opted for the 3 course brunch for $58/person, but you can also choose to dine a la carte in their bar area.   They start you off with a cocktail and you can choose from a Mimosa, Bellini, Kir Royale, Bloody Mary, or Sparkling Wine. I went with a Bloody Mary (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auberge-du-soleil-rutherford?select=DYkuqNk80ZHE9hqOwee8MA#DYkuqNk80ZHE9hqOwee8MA">yelp.com/biz_photos/aube…</a>) whereas the bf chose a Mimosa (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auberge-du-soleil-rutherford?select=DYkuqNk80ZHE9hqOwee8MA#EKRgcVyC91etIDpTVu5vCg">yelp.com/biz_photos/aube…</a>). The bloody mary was really good, but could have used more horseradish/other spices. The mimosa was good, but nothing special.  You then "Ease In" to brunch with an assortment of items. The day we went, they were Rosemary Bread, Orange Ginger Muffins, and Currant Scones (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auberge-du-soleil-rutherford?select=DYkuqNk80ZHE9hqOwee8MA#V1D7EVbRSOOgy9yaVZQjsw">yelp.com/biz_photos/aube…</a>) and were served with Butter & Lemon Curd (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auberge-du-soleil-rutherford?select=DYkuqNk80ZHE9hqOwee8MA#Nttpi9nU4hSLLFdz-kVDBw">yelp.com/biz_photos/aube…</a>). The currant scone and rosemary bread were just ok, but the muffin was nice and fluffy. The lemon curd was a nice change and went well with the scone and muffin.  For our first course, we chose: -Potato Gnocchi, Wild Mushrooms, Pea Shoots, Parmesan Nage (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auberge-du-soleil-rutherford?select=DYkuqNk80ZHE9hqOwee8MA#TNWrwGLq47OX_ALNYFNxKg">yelp.com/biz_photos/aube…</a>): Pretty good, but not very memorable. The gnocchi was soft and fluffy, but I wouldn't get this dish again. -Ahi Tuna Tartare, Wakame, Cucumber, Ginger Dressing (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auberge-du-soleil-rutherford?select=DYkuqNk80ZHE9hqOwee8MA#WWFQeIlK4geNZMKw5WBVQA">yelp.com/biz_photos/aube…</a>): The ahi tuna tartare was fresh and delicious, but I didn't think the toast points went well with the tartare.   Second Course: -Cabernet Braised Short Rib, Hand Foraged Wild Rice, Cardoons, Kumquat, Meyer Lemon Sauce (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auberge-du-soleil-rutherford?select=DYkuqNk80ZHE9hqOwee8MA#wetHLcJvwrlmYwvlleR-lA">yelp.com/biz_photos/aube…</a>): The short rib was braised perfectly and was super tender. However, I prefer my short ribs on the bone and this was a boneless presentation. Also, the flavors of the dish just didn't quite work together for some reason. I loved the short rib, but not the dish overall. -Duck Confit Hash, Slow Cooked Farm Eggs, Mâche, Red Wine Sauce (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auberge-du-soleil-rutherford?select=DYkuqNk80ZHE9hqOwee8MA#6YcP5CXOaf8RknclKLtKFg">yelp.com/biz_photos/aube…</a>): Our server recommended this and it was very meh. The duck confit was too salty, but the rest of the hash/components were bland. Unfortunately, the salty and bland did not mesh to create the perfect amount of seasoning, and I didn't enjoy this dish. Skip!  Dessert: -Classic Apple Tart, Calvados Caramel, Vanilla Bean Ice Cream (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auberge-du-soleil-rutherford?select=DYkuqNk80ZHE9hqOwee8MA#4tMQHNLLofn38z9byl6qpQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/aube…</a>): Just ok. The tart seemed a little overcooked, and too flaky.  -Crisp Filo Wrapped Chocolate Dumplings, Tarragon Ice Cream, Arbequina Olive Oil (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auberge-du-soleil-rutherford?select=DYkuqNk80ZHE9hqOwee8MA#vtIpMCJqgT_mPW9ou8HLwA">yelp.com/biz_photos/aube…</a>): Also just ok. I guess I just didn't get the raves about this dessert. It was an interesting experience putting the filo in your mouth and having the melted chocolate pop out, but I didn't think it tasted amazing.  The food at Auberge Du Soleil just didn't have "it" factor unlike other places in this area I've been to. They should consider hiring a new pastry chef (maybe try to steal Melissa Chou from Aziza?) since these were some of the most mediocre desserts I've had at a Michelin starred restaurant. I liked that outdoor seating was available to maximize the view, but even though there were umbrellas out there, they didn't cover you completely and I started to get really hot after the second course. The service could also be improved, since our server would continually disappear, and just didn't seem very attentive when he was around. Come for the spectacular views, but have low expectations for the food so that you won't be disappointed!  

                The views here are what I remember most. The food was okay. Rarely do you find a bad meal in Napa Valley, but this wasn't memorable.   Sitting out on the balcony in the sun, awaiting sunset. Nice, smooth glass of wine. The perfect wrap up for our day. It's the little things. I love the decor. I love the feeling.   I could use a more attentive staff. Hungry people are mean. I have a heart, I know how difficult your job is but don't leave me waiting for water. Don't make me ask either.  

                My husband and I went there for our 15th anniversary with high expectations for the food and the view as everyone is raving about it. The presentation of the food was good but price is overrated and my lamb was tough, asked for the patio and indeed we got it but they seated me and my husband in this little corner where the waiters and waitresses can easily bump in on me. We will never go there again. If it was not for the nice presentation of the food, I will give this place a on star!  

                Great views, great appetizers, and great service. It's a good stop in between wine tasting and dinner time.  

                I can see why this restaurant is Michelin rated, the service was superb and presentation was great.  We did the tasting menu and everything was delicious.  I had to take most of my items to go but they were all equally delicious the next day.   We were able to sit on the balcony on a gorgeous day, which made the whole dinner so much more enjoyable.  I love going here for a spa day and now I can definitely add grabbing a dinner here to round out a perfect napa trip.  

                The service was excellent  It was our first time in Napa .You get 110 % attention. The view and vista here is heavenly breathtaking.  Food is great , we ordered a 4 course meal including halibut and lamb .the halibut was moist and flavorful. I recommend the lamb though as the main course . Excellent wine selection. It's a pricy place but worth the experience . Be ready to shell out 150-200$ per person based on the number of courses and drinks. Could be better if the waiters be a little more natural and less robotic .  

                When you make a reservation, request a seat on the balcony.   If you don't, you are quite possibly missing out on one of the best views in all of Napa. The view alone would be enough to sell people on coming here.   The drive to get here takes you through an incredible stretch of wine country. Once you make your way onto the balcony, your mind literally explodes at the beauty of the view as it overlooks the valley and vineyards. The sunset is glorious. Chances are you'll bypass your seat, walk up to the rail, and start taking pictures. I'm sure this happens all the time. As does the fact that when you turn around, your server is smiling and patiently waiting for you to return to your seat. Then, just then, they hand you the menu. As you read it from beginning to end, you realize that this place isn't just about the view. Yes, this restaurant also happens to have a Michelin star.   The menu is extensive. We would have jumped at the tasting menu, if had for having lunch that same day at The French Laundry. But short of the tasting menu, there is tremendously flexibility in the ability order. You can order any combination of 2, 3, or 5 dishes, if memory serves.   We were given amuse bouches. I'm sure they were excellent. I actually can't recall, because I was just blindly staring at our view. What I can tell you is that the dishes the followed - the scallops, the duck, and the blackberry dessert - were all top-notch and fantastic. It is fresh. It is seasonal. It is delicious. It is well-deserving of its Michelin star.   Again, you MUST take advantage of the balcony seating. Aim to get your reservation an hour or so before sunset. Make no plans after dinner. Order a bottle of wine. Maybe two. You will want to savor the meal and soak in the view. Bring a sweatshirt or jacket. TAKE YOUR TIME, because when do we ever these days?   This is the quintessential Napa experience.  

                Not the best food I've had in Napa, but if you're in the area, you definitely need to have lunch here b/c the daytime view overlooking Napa as you sit out in their patio is just gorgeous. The view alone embodies what a trip to Napa should be: relaxing and picturesque.  For exquisite tasting food alone with no frills, I'd say check out Ad Hoc (or The Restaurant at Meadowood or French Laundry for some extra $$$$$).  

                One word: Auberge. Granted, I haven't seen every fine hotel property in the world but I have spent 7 nights over 2 stays at this property 3 years apart and it is far and above my favorite place to stay in the world!   The location, service, amenities, food; did I mention service?It is one of the only places I've been that I can literally stop thinking & working the moment I check in. The wonderful staff makes sure I have whatever I need at all times. They are so accommodating that I want to think of a better phrase: they are thoughtful hosts.  Thank you to Sharon, Philip, Gabrielle and so many others for making this our favorite place away from home on planet Earth.  

                Pricey but delicious and good quality. I dined here for brunch with my husband on a cold rainy day. I wish we were able to sit outside and have beautiful weather but Mother Nature didn't cooperate with us. The restaurant is expensive, but I don't mind paying for it if the food and service are up to par with the price. I'll be back!  

                Location, Location, Location! I loved this place for its breathtaking views, fine food and great service.  We went for lunch on a hot day, and had an amazing seat right along the railing. We ordered a cool, crisp bottle of white( huge wine list with some very good reasonably priced bottles) and enjoyed quail served with toasts and romaine salad with a warm bacon and shallot vinaigrette and juicy tender fall off the bone short ribs with a warm delicate almost Asian flavor base served atop sweet heirloom tomatoes in a garlic vinaigrette.  Both dishes were perfect portions and had nice flavors.  I must say this was a wonderful special place, just sit back and enjoy.   We made our reservation in advance and requested a table outside on the deck...we couldn't have been happier!!!  

                Wow!! If you want a great view, go here! The food is exceptional, although expensive for what you get. I had the ceviche served with avocado and tortilla chips~it was good but not enough for a meal. We also ordered the calamari, typical breaded and deep fried, nothing special. The service is good and friendly ~  

                Auberge Du Soleil is French for "not as good as we expected." We (party of 6) had dinner there last night and  it was the most expensive mediocre meal we have ever had. I love food and was looking forward to an amazing meal. We had the four course meal. We chose items recommended by our server as the best things off the menu. Across the board, it was just "okay." The service was great, view beautiful, the food...meh. We ate at Oxbow the night before...Oysters, and other delicious food from various resturants, SO MUCH better and at a fraction of the price.  

