                Was driving through Fairfax for the first time ever with food on my mind. Got on yelp and the words Punjabi and burrito appeared in the same listing. I love both, and thought what a crazy idea, I gotta try this. And it totally works!  I got the pumpkin and lamb enchilada. Just the right amount of heat, the sauce was a cross between a mole and a curry, the pumpkin and lamb filling was super delicious, melts cheese on top, pickled carrot on the side, rice, cilantro chutney. You could have a bite of rich enchilada, enjoy it, then hit a little bit of pickle and cleanse the palate, mix a little sauce with the rice, try different combinations of things on your fork, and repeat until you plate is clean!  

                Ahh, fusion cuisine. It's here, there, and everywhere. Normally with the prefix of "Asian" slapped in front of it, but... Indi-Mex? Iiiiinteresting.  And it's the business, it really is. Burritos are a little spendy for what they are - especially compared to a "regular taqueria", but it's Marin, and it is what it is. Ordered up a chicken with smoked eggplant, and settled in to wait.  And didn't disappoint. It looks like a burrito, talks like a burrito, but it certainly didn't taste like a burrito. Chickpeas were perfect, tasty rice, and the bread it's all wrapped in... out of this world. Chicken was delicious, although there could have been more of it, and eggplant was delicate without being particularly smoky. The chutney did seem a wee bit out of place, was a bit odd chomping through this piping hot tube of awesome, only to encounter cold and bitter fruit.   All in all though, a nice treat, and a fantastic departure from the norm. Now when you're trying to figure out if you want a burrito for lunch, or want to hit the buffet at your local Indian restaurant, you can have the best of both worlds!  

                I've been here twice.  The first time, we were starving and it looked good and I remember it tasting pretty alright.  This second time (today), we drove 18 miles out of our way to get here, because on Friday some friends of ours were chatting about the place, and we'd had good memories of our first visit. My husband and I split a mango chutney, vegetarian samosas, and a chicken curry burrito.  The good: the sauces are pretty okay, and the fruit chutney is delicious. The mango lassi is among the best I've had--mango-y, tart but not too tart, and not too sweet.  The bad: sheesh. The burrito filling was about 90% rice. There wasn't _any_ pickled anything in mine, one tiny piece of fruit chutney, and two small pieces of chicken. There were NO sauces!   Dry dry dry, so I poured what little was left of the chutney from the samosas (which were okay but entirely potato--not a single pea in there) on my burrito.  The server came by to ask how things were after we were done; before that, I was looking for her so that I could get some pickle and yogurt and chutney in my burrito!  What a disappointment. A nearly 40-mile drive for dry sadness.  I cried in the car ride home.  

                What a great idea.. I always thought a Punjabi should marry a Mexican for this exact reason.. curry meets tortilla y queso.. yeso  The flavors meld spectacularly well. I just had the eggplant and lamb curry enchilada's .. the corn tortillas are the perfect texture for this hearty, spicy and authentically tasty Punjabi curry sauce and the lamb was tender and chopped into small bits.. mole sauce reincarnated..   No need for anything else except for a side of their awesomely non "marin" spicy hot sauce, and some chai..   I would have never thought of this combo, and I am glad someone did. The owner/ cashier dude was really friendly and very attentive. I will be back to try some more deliciousness another day.  

                Do you yearn for the willpower to eat healthier -- gluten-free, dairy free, low carb -- but your cravings for savory sin are too much to control? Then look no further than Avatars.   Bright, clean, modern design and a casual atmosphere, Avatars is located right across from Good Earth in Fairfax. Run by a friendly crew of folks proud of their product, I was impressed by the array of options on the menu and the seamless fusion of Punjab cuisine into Tex-Mex styled platters. On my first visit my kind host recommended the enchiladas. Minutes later a drool-worthy dish filled with pumpkin and lamb curry-filled corn tortillas bathing in a mole-spiced sauce arrived. Like whoa. Tasted even better than it looked and sitting outside on the patio in the sunshine, polishing off my plate of goodness, I felt only a tinge of guilt. After all, it's the incredible spices, fresh ingredients and pure oils that make up this dish and not a load of empty carbs and grease.   I'll be back to continue to experiment with the menu, and I suggest you do too!  

                The flavor of the chicken and eggplant enchilada was fantastic! The chai was perfect ($3.50) but note no free refills. The veggie samosa was tasty, and the sauces it came with were delicious (albeit with a touch too much garlic in the cilantro dip). Will look forward to returning soon!  

                The flavors are amazing! I believe I got the pumpkin curry dish. Wow it's so delicious! Every bite I ate had so many bursting flavors yet all blended so well with one another. This reminds me of a mix of Indian food/Mexican cuisine. The staff are friendly, the area is very clean and they even brought out my lunch to me while I was outside with my dog. It's sad to see every time I walk by there are barely any people in here. Trust me if you love Indian food you will love this place! I would say it's on the pricey side I spent about $14 on my burrito I did add shrimp so it's more $10, but it was worth every penny and they give you a big portion. I ended up eating all of it because it was just too good! People go here it's authentic amazing food!  

                I came with my husband, who is Punjabi.  He told me that the staff is not Punjabi, but that's OK.  I've had Mexian prepared by Puerto Ricans, kimchi made by Mexians, and bagels made by Koreans in NY- all done pretty well.  And Chinese-Indian fusion in Curry Hill, which made sense on my palate.     At Avatars, the fusion style leaned heavily towards the Indian side, so the enchilada sauce was kinda tangy and spicy.  I had the Jamaican chicken enchilada and my husband had a vegetable and chicken burrito.  They were both just OK.  It was fun to try something new, but the meal didn't meet mindblowing expectations.  I'd be intrigued to try the original location to see if execution is better there.  

                Two years later, and it's still on my list of Best Casual Restaurants in Marin. The food is consistently delicious, every single time I've visited. The counter person/manager is friendly, efficient, and welcoming. The place is spotlessly clean, bright, and airy.  The curried lamb with eggplant rice plate has become my favorite. The combination of flavors -- delicately spicy, sweet, savory, and tangy is unparalleled. My dining companion always gets the jerk chicken punjabi burrito -- perfect for the larger appetite. The spinach salad (with a little kick of spicy house made dressing) is also a favorite of ours.   Of the dozens of times I've visited, I've never once had a sub-par meal. For that degree of consistency (and deliciousness), I'm a full on Avatars Punjabi Burrito fan.  

                This place is amazing!!! From the friendly staff(Juan is the man) to the mind blowing curried sweet potato with lamb, you couldn't ask for more. I had the rice plate(with curried sweet potato and lamb) which was seasoned to perfection. My boyfriend had the curried pumpkin with chicken enchiladas and it was gone before I could ask for a bite. Definitely will be coming back again.  

                Punjabi Burrito is a beloved spot for its foods. Obviously! Perfect rice, papadum, grilled veggies, tofu always available and also fish selections. They cater to celiac, no carbs, no dairy, no oil, no meat clientele as well. I remember when there was only one location, in 1989 apparently... Hm that was quite some time ago... But I digress... Of mention is the Fairfax location also serves beer. Taj Mahal, yes, but also Lagunitas  IPA and kingfisher Lager on tap, flying horse lager, maharaja and xingu. Plenty of outdoor and indoor seating. You will love.  

                A neat idea...the food is OK...however confusing.  I think I wanted a little more Mexican in my Indian fusion.  

                I've come here several times now when I'm in the Fairfax area. It's a little pricy for a sit-yourself restaurant. I paid more than thirteen dollars for the enchiladas this weekend, which seemed like a bit much. Otherwise, the place is clean, the food tastes good and the food comes out relatively quick.  

                I have lived in Fairfax for 6 months now and always wondered why this place was not busy.  Perfect spot next to Good Earth and Sunshine bikes. Maybe bc good earth makes burritos?  Well, every cyclist and hiker should be stopping here after a long workout.  Super yummy, different, and appears to be healthy.  I had the buffalo burrito. Excellent!  I had 3 friends with me and our plates were empty after dinner.  I'll definitely be back.  

                This place is fresh and delicious. My Love of Indian food was discovered many years ago when I lived in London. Very clean and creative menu. I just had a burrito however the plates coming out looked amazing. Moving from the eastbay I have a lot of choices for Indian. My burrito was like a nan bread with a chick pea filling. If you are a lover of Indian food I don't think you will be disappointed.  

                First visit. Great friendly manager. Very clean  restaurant. Quick service.   What we had:  jerk chicken enchilada -  Sweet potato curried lamb enchilada - amazing flavor combination. The lamb was well flavored and worked well in a enchilada.  Curried lamb rice plate -  great lamb. Could have had a little extra rice.  Samosas - big and tasty. Could have less potato but it would be difficult since it is vegetarian.  Mango lassi - good. Not as sweet as ones I've had before which was nice. Lentil soup - good. Indian bread was a good accompaniment.  dessert : avatars dream - it was an unusual combination that must be tasted to be described. Looks like a cheesecake but it's a ice cream cake that comes with a great combination of fruit sauces and a chocolate base.  Two beers on tap - king fisher and an IPA  Also bottled beer selection.   Would definitely come again.  

                First experience here was awesome. Right when you walk in you can tell this place is well taken care of. Very clean, and managed well. Manager was very friendly and knew to keep our to go order warm and ready for when we were done eating.  Daughter had the chicken and rice, wife and I split the chicken curry burrito. Very tasty. People shouldn't go here expecting a mission style Mexican burrito. If you want that, go to a taqueria.  You know what's better than delicious curried food wrapped up in a warm Indian tortilla? Nothing. Go here if you like good food and good service.  

                This place is really cool and you'll love it! Ever had Indian Food? Ever had a burrito? You want both? Well now you can!  Avaters Punjabi Burritos is totally worth eating at twice or the times a week. It is a very unique combination but you'll never go to a traditional Indian restaurant again.  I had the vegetarian quinoa burrito and our was delicious.  My brother, an out of towner, said it was his favorite place in the area.  Definitely give it a try next time you're in Marin.  

                The sweet potato burrito is delish! The owner/manager is really nice/very friendly and I go out of my way to eat at this tasty place because it's just that good!  

                What a nice surprise. I've liked Avatars in Sausalito, enjoyed the one in Larkspur, and LOVED my first visit to Sausalito. A great end to a great horse trail ride with my buddy Ray.  The pumpkin and lamb enchiladas knocked my socks off.  The tortilla wrap was light, the pumpkin had clean taste, and lamb was spicy wonderful.  And I even added a little of their blow-your-doors-off hot sauce towards the end.  I'll be back!  

                Nailed it. I never expected to be enjoying an Indian Sweet Potato and Lamb Enchilada, but it was surprising and delicious. Interesting mix of Indian influences with some Latin twist. Also Gluten and Seed oil free. High quality. Great service - Juan is the man. Will seek this and it's other locations out again.  

                Had read about this place and was finally in the neighborhood to try. Not disappointed!  Vegetable somosa to start followed by pumpkin chicken curry burrito. Excellent flavors. Staff was great and restaurant clean and well put together. Will definitely go back to try more on the menu.  

                Different spin to Indian Asian food. Delicious. I came during lunch and had the crab pumpkin enchiladas and it was tastie. :) Since I'm not in this area often I had to order another dish for my dinner because I don't know when I'll be here next. I wanted to try something else so I ordered the jerk chicken burrito. So we'll see how that is tonight. Service was great and the people are very friendly.  

                First visit. Ordered the lamb and sweet potato rice dish and mixed veggie enchiladas. Balanced spices, super fresh flavors and ingredients.  Sparkly clean dining area full of light.  Juan took very good care of us and we felt like we were in his home. LOVED everything about our visit and will be back!  

                Tasty food, lots of drink options (lassis, lemonade, beer, and soft drinks), convenient location, perfect after a hike. We really liked the curry pumpkin burrito and rock shrimp burrito, and kingfisher off the tap. The kids' cheese quesadilla was a little weird. Outdoor seating was nice in sunny Fairfax.  

                You know you're in California when such amazing food collaborations like Punjabi Burritos exist.  The food was nicely spiced, the meats tender, and the portions well-sized. The burrito itself was sized like a normal burrito, so I'd say you get your money's worth of food. The restaurant itself is very clean, decorated with modern flair. It's right in the heart of Fairfax, so dessert options (ie Fairfax Scoop) are nearby.  I'd like to try their rice plates and pumpkin next.   But if you're ever in a pickle deciding between Indian food or something a little more portable, know that Avatars exists. Grab a burrito, and you're good to go!  

                Great food but little too long to get to you and a little on the pricey side for what you get  

                I found the food much too spicy even when requested to be mild to not spicy (was sharing with my 3 yr old). I enjoy spicy foods but when I can't taste any other flavor, it's not serving the dish. I recommend they provide some ambient music to liven the space. For now prob won't go again.  

                This place is fantastic. The manager is always friendly and helpful. My celiac husband has never gotten sick here, which is huge. The food is amazing, and their selection of teas is great as well. I always order the same thing: Pumpkin Enchilada style plate with lamb. Alway order extra fruit chutney. This is the family stop for all birthdays and anniversaries.  

                I did not have high expectations for this place but was extremely surprised by how delicious my food was. I ordered the jerk chicken rice plate. The jerk chicken had the perfect degree of spicy and perfect intensity of sweetness. This was a pretty casual place, you order up front, but the decor was very modern. The restaurant was clean and well maintained. The service was delightful as well. I can't wait to go back.  

                Went here for the first time on my way home from the airport the other day with my girlfriend. So delicious,  I got the jerk chicken burrito and she got the pumpkin one. We were very impressed and the owner was very kind and awesome. Definitely coming back with friends and others to try out this place. Thanks for a great meal! - Brian  

                My wife and I stopped in here for a quick bite not knowing what to really expect and were very pleasantly surprised!   My wife ordered the Eggplant plate and I ordered the Jamaican Jerk Chicken Punjabi Burrito of all things. The flavors were well balanced and the burrito was sizable as well. We were very happy with our meal and would definitely recommend people give this place a try.  

                There are places that go one mile further; punjabi burrito in fairfax is one of the best.  It's clean and the location is ideal. The food is always superb 5/5 (I've tried almost everything), and the customer service (Tom in particular) is 5 star. Everything is excellent and, thus, I have not one bad thing to say about this place which is rare because I am a critic. Even if you don't like this 'kind' of food, come try it- you will change your mind on the first visit_ guaranteed.  

                I've eaten at Avatar's a number of times and highly recommend it. The food is both superb and unique. I love their smoked eggplant dishes--a surprising delicacy. Service is friendly and excellent.   The only downside is not the food but the loud sound which come from cement floors and big, uncovered windows which makes sounds echo and conversation difficult. If they would put some kind of carpet on the floor and drapes on the windows it would make it much more cozy and congenial for conversation (and probably increase their business).  

                love this place!!! delish!  

                After a long day hiking in Pt. Reyes, we were hungry. We found this place because of the high reviews, but were a little tentative - I mean, Punjabi Burrito? It could go either way. Our sense of adventure was piqued, and, since my normally acute ability to know exactly-what-I-want-to-eat-right-this-minute wasn't feeling up to snuff, we decided to go for it.   100% Awesome.   The interior is clean, inviting, and simple as is the menu. Enough options to easily find something to love, not enough to spend the evening reading it like a novel. It was a Saturday night, and they were busy, but always had at least a few seats open and a stead stream of take-out. Despite the activity, service was prompt and friendly and the wait was less than 10 minutes to eat in.   I ordered the seared salmon & vegetable rice plate, my partner the bison enchiladas. They were both a delicious blend of asian flavors cooked in a (somewhat) Mexican style - no crazy frills just carefully and expertly seared to perfection salmon on a bed a just-the-right-amount of curry/dry spiced pan seared vegetables for me. It was EXACTLY what I wanted and I didn't even know it, that's how delicious it was. Not too heavy, not greasy, just plain good food cooked well. Not too spicy, not too heavy. Enchiladas were the same.   The family that runs the place is really nice, very helpful and eager to do a good job. Please support this place so I can keep coming back to eat here whenever I'm in the neighborhood!  

                I just eat at Avatar's here in Fairfax. I had the veggie curry rice plate with lamb. The portion was small. I could not find any lamb, so I asked the server. He told me it was ground lamb in the sauce. I could neither see nor taste any lamb. I left the restaurant dissatisfied and hungry and a little ripped off.  

                Great and unusual food! Love the shrimp enchiladas. Don't be put off by the overly lit, yogurt shop style of the place since the food and service are excellent.  

                This place seriously sucks.  If you're looking for heart burn and a stomach ache spend you're money here. They don't disappoint  

                We were intrigued by the fusion food and read some good reviews so we wanted to check this place out!   We were greeted with a warm smile by the cashier, nice and very helpful.   We ordered the pumpkin lamb curry burrito it was so flavorful and yummy! And got the mixed vegetable rice plate with chicken also delicious (only thing don't eat the raw carrots on the side to much vinegar)   Overall though a great place for an adventure in food and at a reasonable price too :)  

                Great addition to the Fairfax area - we happened upon this and enjoyed it. It was not perfect but still a really fun menu and great when you need a change of pace.  We will be coming back if we are already in the area - shopping at the grocery store across the street.    The whole idea of mexican and indian food is brillant, by the way.  

                Pickled carrots are da BOMB. Yum yum yum, eat it up   I haven't tasted much of their menu, but I've had every burrito. The lamb is delicious, as is the pumpkin and mustard green spinach tofu. Combine those veggi options with the lamb and your set!   Convenient, fast, flavorful, and affordable. I always get the burritos to go. The dining area is mediocre, slightly awkward. It is a bit too modern and doesn't match the cuisine.   Be warned, I went there on a Monday once and they were randomly closed. I would recommend calling in advance to check.  

                Came here after a hiking Meetup with no idea what to expect. "We are going to some kind of Indian burrito place...what's that?" I was skeptical and when I got there I looked at the menu feeling overwhelmed by all the options. I got the curried chicken burrito and enjoyed it. Most items are $10 and that's good for what you get. If I lived closer to a Punjabi Burrito, I would try more menu items and eat at it more, but this is in Fairfax and I live in SF. I really enjoyed this place and thought it was so clever. It reminded me of Sushirrito, the Asian fusion burrito place in SF. The Indian food is completely different than Sushirrito, even better and more satisfying to me. The restaurant seemed organized and professional with a nice interior.  

                Love the idea of an Indian Burrito!  I had the curried chicken and sweet potato, which was so flavorful.  I like how the wrap is more of a traditional Indian bread than a "burrito" wrapper.  My husband's jerk chicken was equally good and spicy!  We were both stuffed after leaving this place.  Great for a cheap dinner or lunch  

                I went here with my family after a fantastic mountain bike ride at the local Camp Tamarancho Trails.  We came with an appetite and we were not disappointed!  Ambiance and decor were clean, fresh, and modern.  There was outdoor seating available as well, which was fantastic on an 85 degree sunny and gently breezy day.  They have a small but unforgettably unique selection of beers by the bottle and on tap.  We were directed here by the other great Yelp reviews; I took one look and noticed the mention of "pumpkin curry," which was an irresistible draw at the end of June.  Who has pumpkin anything in the summer??  I ordered the pumpkin curry rice plate with chicken curry, my husband ordered the same in burrito form, and my step son ordered the jerk chicken burrito.  This is another great feature of the place:  There are several curry combinations available, and you can subsequently pick your favorite format to receive your curry of choice in.  There is rice, burrito, or enchilada.  The food arrived quickly and I think I heard angels singing off in the distance.  The rice plate was beautiful with several chutneys and sauces ringing the edges of a perfectly portioned pile of fluffy white rice.  Hunks of juicy white chicken meat mixed in a delightful orange pumpkin curry sauce graced the steamy top.  Eating the dish was like enjoying several different dishes, because the sauces, chutneys, and pickled veggies added a different flavor and feel to each hunger-satisfying bite.  My husband's burrito was juicy with the same flavor party wrapped within a fresh, thin but naan-like burrito skin.  It came out wrapped in aluminum foil, and once un-sheathed, one discovers that there is also a convenient hand-hold aluminum wrapper within meant to be peeled as you eat.  Both the menfolk fell silent amidst groans of pleasure and pronoun-less utterances of "....so...good..."  Epic deliciousness.  All three of us got a dish and a drink (my husband even ordered beer) for only $34.  A sign on the wall proclaims proudly that they will happily modify the dishes to accommodate dietary tastes and requirements for no-oil, gluten-free, low-carb, or anything else you might request.  I licked the plate.  In public.  No shame.  And it was an amazing, tangy, spicy, sour, salty, fresh, juicy experience with the after-effects of the sauce medley around the rice.    Nice enough for a date, friendly enough for a family, casual enough for an after-ride nosh session, if you find yourself in Fairfax, California, PICK THIS PLACE FIRST.  

                Slammin spot! This food is wonderful. I had the curry'd chicken and pumpkin burrito and it was delicious. If this was in my town, I'd be here every week. The food was fresh and healthy (not normally my style). Start eating here before there is a line.  

                I've been here a few times, and am absolutely in love with their samosas! I've had both the regular and the gluten free, and they're both great. The blackened veggie rice plate was also good. The staff have always been very friendly and courteous as well. Nice to have another option for quick take out food in the area!  

                Love this place.  The food is fantastic.   We've gone gluten-free and they have some nice choices on the menu.  The curried pumpkin and spinach tofu enchilada knocked me out!  The people are very nice and the service is great.  Check 'em out.  

                This place is so good! Very flavorful food, quick, very well priced and consistently delicious every time, this spot has become the boyfriends and my new go-to place when we need a good meal and pronto! The service is friendly relaxed, and their restaurant is incredibly clean and well kept which is a huge plus in my book.   I love the Jamaican Jerk chicken- really good kick to it and the quality of chicken is excellent. Lamb dished are amaze. Just had to chicken curry plate last night and I must say it was a a great medley of a soft burn and deep spices. Highly recommend this place!  I would give this place 4.5 stars if yelp allowed that! Eat at this place! You will not be disappointed!!  

                Great place to go if the rich hippy organic culture of Marin County starts driving you insane. Fairfax sometime make me facepalm and sometimes blows me away. Cali's food fusion-trend has made its way here and fairfax knocked it out of the park with getting an ***indian burrito joint***. Small, quiet, and unassuming. A unique idea that is so awesome, it probably will be an 'old' idea in the years to come. Lamb Spinach Burrito was a clear standout for me.  

                A mango lassi is a great snack any time of the day. This blend of yogurt and mango is the traditional East Indian answer to the modern smoothie. Avatars' mango lassi is well balanced; not too sweet, not too sour. They always have a few ready made in the refrigerator behind the cash register. Grab one to take out or sit down for a filling mango lassi with one of their innovative "Marindian" meals.  

                Finally made it here after hearing about it from everyone. Everything was pretty tasty but as I was eating my burrito, I couldn't help thinking that it needed some salsa! ;-)  

                They now have outdoor seating as well as lovely indoor tables. Very comfortable and super clean and nice. I love the turkey pumpkin enchiladas. Today I had a salmon enchilada with mustard greens and spinach tofu. I am not sure if I am describing this combination correctly; this was on their specials menu. Basically, the spices are just lovely; not too hot and leaning more toward Indian seasoning than Mexican. You can substitute quinoa or vegetables for the bismati rice if you prefer. However, if you want fluffy, white bismati rice, theirs is perfect. I find this place to be perfect for a fun lunch with a girlfriend.  

                Unique menu... very healthy and every dish is loaded with flavor.  When we want to go get something quick, inexpensive, healthy, this is at the top of our list.  Besides the indian burritos, their salads are very good as well.  We also love the atmosphere... very modern decor and extremely clean!  It's a nice change from anything else we find in San Rafael, San Anselmo and Fairfax.  

                Loved our meal tonight! What a nice find. This was our first time but definitely won't be last. Had a curried sweet potato "burrito plate" which was nice (still have no idea why Indian food has Mexican names here).   My favorite part was the condiments -  the pickled carrots, the seasonal apple chutney & the chickpea dal w/ yoghurt sauce. Yum!   And three entrees & a soda were less than $30 - woo hoo!  

                The curried pumpkin burrito rocks! Nothing else quite like it. Great lassis and jerk chicken too. The people who work there are so kind and friendly. This is definitely my favorite of the avatar locations. Very clean and pretty comfortable. I'm knocking 1 star off because I'd go there a lot more if their prices came down just a bit.  

                Love, love, love, LOVE this place! My husband and I frequent the Fairfax Avatar's for its great food and über clean environment. The decor is chic while the food is delicious. The chicken enchiladas are my favorite, but a curried sweet potato burrito hits the spot as well. So glad they are so close!  

                My maps app gave me the wrong location! It said they were right at Center and Pacheco, but they're actually closer to Center and Pastori, across the street from Good Earth. Once I found them though it was worth the hunt! The rice plate with curried mixed veggies and chicken hit the spot!  

                This was an unexpected find. This afternoon, we were in the Fairfax area looking for something to eat. We see Punjabi Burrito with an all-white modern interior and stop in. I'm glad we did.  We ordered the pumpkin curry burrito and the Jamaican jerk burrito. Wow. The food was really healthy and delicious. It was also very affordable.  We will be coming back. This place blew away our palettes.  

                I've loved Avatar's restaurant in Sausalito for many years, but living in Woodacre, I don't get down there much.  Having them open a place in Fairfax is fantastic.  This is some of the tastiest food in Marin.  

                I'm so glad that Avatars has brought its tasty punjabi burrito stand to Fairfax!  Now the Fair-Anselm area is a hub of yumminess.  

                Extremely fresh food, the Jamaican jerk chicken is delicious. The combinations of spices and flavors keeps me coming back. Eat in or take out the food is presented beautifully. Plenty of free parking.  

                Ya know the food is usually really good but every once in a while the creative/experimental special is a bit of a miss. Still, five stars because they are so innovative with their menu, fusing ingredients and cultures in ways I've never had before. You can pretty much pick randomly from the menu and have a surprising and delicious meal!  

                YESS!! This place rocks! Giant, flavorful indian style burritos! Sweet potato lamb is the shiz! This is our go to place in fairfax for lunch or dinner. Really good after a bike ride or big run!  

                Excellent burritos!  Our go-to spot for after bike riding munchies.  

                Had the chicken curry burrito which also had a chick pea curry inside. Curry sauce was okay (not miraculous) with tough chunks of white meat chicken. Most Indian restaurants use dark meat presumably because it's tender (definitely a wise choice). The "tortilla" used is more like a japati, which was a pleasant surprise. I liked the seasonal chutney. I'll go back, but I'll try the lamb next time. Hope it's tender.  

                What a delicious selection of fine fine foods! The pumpkin burrito made me hungry enough to eat an entire pumpkin. The lamb was tender, and had no bones (which is usually the downside of ordering lamb in Indian food). The vegetable samosas were a delight. I wish I could go here everyday.  

                Awesome burrito place.  Stopped after golfing at SG. Great menu and food was really flavorful.  Very different kind of menu and food and really good.  

                So happy to know about this place now!  Excellent preparation of oh-so yummy, interesting and healthy (!) food.  Came last night after a longish hike, and thoroughly enjoyed my curried pumpkin & lamb rice plate.  The in-house pickled carrots, pineapple chutney, raita and tamarind accents are all part of the bright flavors.  Very friendly, attentive service.  Why anyone would be eating at pub almost next door when this food is way better and better priced... Can't wait to come try other dishes!  

                After a long hike in Mt. Tam, being greeted by a very  friendly Juan was delightful. He recommended the Pumpkin Chicken Enchilada and the Blackened Chicken rice plate. Both of them hit the spot. The food is unique and most definitely worth a try. Consistent flavor, and fresh feeling. Perfect after a beautiful day out.  

                I love Avatars because of the awesome jerk chicken burrito and the super cool staff. It takes a little bit longer than your average Mexican joint, but not much. Prices are reasonable and the vegi stuff is top-notch according to friends. Hit it up!  

                This is my favorite place to eat in Fairfax. Wonderful food and service  

                Fantastic spot. Ill be coming back. Awesome cuisine, not to mention the down to earth customer service. Super friendly, super comfortable. Juan and crew were great, looking to please. Again, delicious and friendly. Highly recommend  

                The curried pumpkin enchiladas are TO DIE FOR.  

                Great food, quick service, nice people! Love the make-over of old Mexican faves with Indian yumminess!  

                Everything that I've ever had here has been delicious. I actually crave some of the dishes, they are so good. And the food is reasonably priced. I like the Sausalito location very much as well but this is quite reasonably priced for what you get.  

