                My wife and I had a spectacular dinner at Aziza.  The food and service were both excellent.  We had the Basteeya which was unexpected because my wife doesn't like duck at all.  We both loved the Basteeya and have been raving about it to friends.  The short ribs were also amazingly great.  Tender but not fatty.  The couscous was very good, not in the amazing category but it holds its own.  And then they have their custom menu creative cocktails which are fun because they are combinations I can guarantee you've never tried.  We will be back and come with friends.  

                We stayed in SF for 5 nights,and I found this restaurant the most disappointing. We were really looking forward to it too, as I had come across it on a list of the most iconic SF restaurants (as #1). I can tell you that the cab from my union square hotel ran close to $20 and we passed about 1,000 other interesting restaurants to make this meal happen.  The food: $120 before tip Many of the items on the website were not on the menu we saw. Overall, I'd say the food was a "3". I was just expecting so much more  1) Shared a bowl of lentil soup and order of flatbread. Loved the rich soup with crunchy pieces of celery and dates 2) I had the lamb shank, which was excellent in terms of the preparation....tender and served hot. I was expecting more Moroccan-forward flavors. Son had the chicken, which was a bit weird, although it clearly took some expertise to prepare. Flavorful 3) chocolate cake for desert 4) I had two cocktails and son had a soda  Service: "2" is "meh, I've had better, so I'd say a 2 is generous here....Super unbelievably slow. The fact that our server was capable and earnest when we did see him prevents this review from sinking into an abyss. We had huge gaps in between the soup, the main course, and the desert.   The ambiance: dated. "3" I rather expected a high end look, but perhaps this place is old enough to be "venerable" and therefore the worn look is excusable or embraceable.  The place has one dining area you see when you walk in, and two others you can't see. That first room is set up for large groups, like the obnoxiously loud group we were plunked-down next to. These tables require a lot of attention for multiple courses and wine. Our service and dining experience suffered.   The long and short of it? I wish I hadn't spent $40on cabs to get away from the "average restaurants" in the Union Square area only to have a less than average $150 experience  

                I came here two years ago and had their tasting menu for the first time then. I was pleasantly surprised by the great food and presentation of the tasting menu and left really full. Recently, I came back to celebrate an anniversary and ordered the tasting menu once again.  We ordered some delicious cocktails and then brought in our own bottle ($25 corkage). Our server, surprisingly, was the same one we had two years ago, and went above and beyond. We told him we were celebrating an anniversary and during dessert, we received an additional special dessert with an anniversary note. It was such a nice touch and we really appreciated it.  As for the tasting menu, we started off with three small snacks, followed by a beets dish, bigeye tuna, sunchoke soup, couscous, duck basteeya, rib eye, and three desserts. By the end of the night, I felt so full I could hardly breathe. All were solid dishes, especially a potato puree snack, the sunchoke soup, and the basteeya as usual. I'd definitely keep coming back again for the food and great service.  

                I remember good meals and good service.  But unfortunately, my brain also remembers bad food and bad service.  My mom came up to visit this weekend, and we took her out to dinner at Aziza.  We decided on the tasting menu ($98/person), because it seemed to have a pretty great variety, and we'd read some good things about it (and Aziza in general, especially since I used to live a few blocks away but just never got the chance to go).  3 hours later, I wasn't super excited by anything.  Don't get me wrong - most things were delicious, and I was pretty full (and couldn't finish the last of my petits fours because I was so stuffed), but nothing was like, OMG I MUST EAT MORE OF THIS.  The most disappointing course was the squab, which was our final savory dish.  It looked really tender and juicy, but it was definitely not prepared correctly, because not only could I not cut into it at all, the texture was rubbery, as if I was chewing on hardened silly putty, and it tasted like liver.  The skin looked like it should have been crispy, but was like a large rubber band stretched over the meat.  My mom and I barely touched our plates, and we told our server that we were not pleased with the meal.  Here's where I had to downgrade Aziza from 4 to 3 stars:  Upon telling the server that the squab was basically inedible, he responded with, "Sorry to hear that, our chefs try to hit home runs but sometimes they don't round all the bases."  No offer to comp anything, no offer to replace anything or substitute.  For a $98/person dinner.  And we'd all ordered drinks too.  Disappointing, really.  Overall Aziza was good, but nothing spectacular as I'd hoped.  The $10 valet is a plus, because parking in the neighborhood can get super crappy during dinner time, but I'd take my money elsewhere next time when we have company.  All I can say is that I'm super glad it wasn't a super special occasion (like a birthday or anniversary).  

                Came here to Aziza a couple weeks ago with some colleagues for dinner.  The taste of the food was quite good, but the portions were extremely small.  I had the black cod dish, and it was literally 4 bites.  The prices were average SF prices, but the portions were way smaller.  Service was nothing outstanding, and it was the typical "everything is good."  When I try a new place, I always prefer for the waiter to tell me what their best dishes are.  After seeing the dishes that others got, all the portions ended up being small.  The biggest dish may have been the cous cous.    All in all, it was not a horrible meal, but I doubt I will return to Aziza.  

                I came here with a few friends a few weeks ago. It's quite a swanky place.  My two friends and I shared the following things: 1) DUCK CONFIT BASTEEYA: DEFINITELY get this. If you need to eat only one thing at Aziza -- it's definitely this. Our eyes definitely lit up with the mixture of duck confit and raisins. Absolutely amazing. 2) LAMB SHANK: Quite a large dish -- absolutely delish. Would recommend. 3) COD?: I believe we got the cod. I can't recall. I just remember it was a sashimi style dish -- hard to share amongst three people -- but definitely good.  With regards to drinks, I myself had the Lavender. Orange blossom honey with gin. Had a flavorful lavender smell.  What I love about this place was the service. Our waiter was amazing and very helpful. Loved it.  

                Food is OK. Had the duck basteeya, it was good but not life changing, must come back for it good.  Dessert we had the dark chocolate and grapefruit and again good but not amazing.  Cocktails were well made and those I would come back for.  Service was impeccable.  I would definitely try their tasting menu if I were ever back here.  

                Probably one my favorite Moroccan restaurant in the Bay Area...I'm not sure if its true Moroccan or Cali-Morrocan fusion as the menu has a variety of traditional items along with a melding of other cultures.   This place has the best basteeya...i love the flakiness, dusting of cinnamon, powdered sugar filo filled with shredded sweet/savory duck or chicken and ground almonds...AWESOME dish.   Also indulged in the beef short ribs with carrots....tender, flavorful with a wonderful sauce...wish i had bread to scoop it all up.    Its been years since i've been and will have to return soon!  

                Super bar menu.  Exotic drinks you could say they are erotic.  Come here at 5:30pm. Dark and cozy inside with a food menu to match!  

                I was really excited to eat at this restaurant after hearing so many good things. From the quirky ambiance, to the attentive service, to some of the best cocktails I've ever tasted, everything was perfect.  You know you're starting out with a good problem when you look at the drink menu and you want to order EVERYTHING. I settled on the Lavender (orange blossom honey, gin) and it was light and refreshing. It also looked beautiful too. I love how their cocktails have nice little garnishes, things like flower petals, etc.  For food, the standouts were the appetizers: spreads came with a variety (hummus, yogurt dill, etc) and the flat bread was a good complement. Just ask for more and they'll bring them out for you.  Next, the Basteeya which I was greatly anticipating after reading about it in reviews. It had a buttery flaky crust, duck confit, raisins, almond, all mixed together. It was the perfect blend of buttery, sweet, dark and savory.   Continuing with our theme of an excellent meal, the entrees didn't disappoint: lamb and a special of the day. They were cooked well, flavorful, complementary garnishes and I even had this tiny tomato gel bubble on the plate (I have no idea how to explain this) that was some kind of culinary marvel.  This restaurant is pricey, but I can think of a a bunch of other SF restaurants similarly priced but no where near as high quality. Highly recommend coming here!  

                Much more casual michelin restaurant than others in the city. Reservations were easy to come by, made only a week before.   The hand crafted cocktails really are worth the hype. We had 2 each and they were all spectacular. Do order!!   We decided to order the chicken wings and basteeya for appetizers. I decided on the sea bass for my entree, and V the braised lamb shank.   We were given flatbread to start our meal. V loved it. I found the texture to be a bit doughy, but great flavors.   The boneless chicken wings are a treat! 6 pieces that tease you with deliciousness. Being a wings guy, V wished he could order a entire basket of these!   The duck basteeya was delicious! Must get! Filled with tender duck confit and the sweet and salty make a great combo. It is on the heavier side. After this, I was already getting full!   The sea bass was cooked perfectly. Crispy skin, tender inside. The sauce was good and the little accompaniments went well together. BUT THE SAUCE. Oh that sauce made the dish. V enjoyed his lamb shank, but he mentioned that it just looked much bigger than it actually was. I just tried a taste of the sauce and found it flavorful.   No dessert for us. But we were given complimentary chocolates that were just the right tough of sweetness to finish the meal.   When we first arrived the restaurant was practically busy, although by the time we were done with our entrees it was buzzing and packed! It seemed there was limited staff so it was difficult to get the attention of our server near the end of our meal.    Side note: it got ridiculously hot inside. It didn't help that the city had very high temperatures during the day, but wish they had AC! There were multiple people fanning themselves with napkins to keep cool. I'm not a huge fan of eating and sweating. Blech. But I'm sure it was just a glitch.  

                This is one of my favorite SF restaurants, I learned to love cocktails here.  I love their menu, you can't go wrong on any dish.  I have been here numerous times, such a fun restaurant.  Last night I had the red pepper drink with whiskey, my friend had a rum drink with tarragon, mint, so good.  I loved my black cod with Dungeness crab cakes, fabulous sauce, my friend's sea bass with fried broccoli was over the top.  Service was great, Dustin, was our server, just another great night in my hood, at a fun spot.  Ambiance is beautiful, though a little dark, had trouble reading the menu.  Nice wine list.  A must try, love this spot.  

                I wanted to find a special place to have a celebratory dinner with my fiancée Santi T, and decided on this Moroccan restaurant after weeks of Yelp searching and deliberation. I have a long history with the Richmond District so to have the post-engagement dinner here was the perfect choice. After spending the day in San Francisco and Marin County, we were running an hour late but the server was kind to still seat us. High ceilings, beautiful chandeliers, booths, and tables accompanied the blue- and brown-colored interior. The small candles and dim lit atmosphere was inviting and cozy. I especially liked the spacious arrangement that provided us the privacy for quiet conversations.  For appetizer, the Spreads ($15) came with a plate of hummus of chickpea, yogurt-dill, and piquillo-almonds flavors. I liked the light tasting dill hummus with a touch of celery the best, followed by the sharper red piquillo-almond before the regular chickpea. The warm flat bread was refilled once, and they provided a nice temperature contrast to the hummus. From breadth to depth, the hummus was worth getting as the range of consistency and flavors kept us entertained for a good while.  Next, the Basteeya ($24) arrived in hot temperature with buttery flaky crust, lean duck confit, raisins, almond, and powdered sugar. The phyllo dough was on the buttery side, but breaks off easily to make way for the shredded duck confit to take center stage. The duck confit was moist, tender, and lean. The rest of the support cast added texture and helped to connect the in-between savory and sweet flavors for coherence, dimensions, and depth.   Finally, the Lamb Loin and Belly ($33) came with four small but thick pieces surrounded by beans, apricot, pistachio, orach, and nepitella. Serving was quite skimpy but the lamb was outrageously delicious. The meat was tender, moist, and nicely seasoned with a melt-in-your-mouth quality. I wished the meat serving was more generous. I will probably opt for the Lamb Shank ($27) on the next visit.  Our Lavender ($12) and Watermelon ($12) Cocktails were refreshing, sweet, and paired nicely with all the dishes. The restaurant was also kind to provide us two amazingly delectable dark chocolates to extend the celebration. The chocolates were rich, bold, and complex that added to a night of refinement. It was the perfect way to finish the meal.  Service was prompt, not overly intrusive, and each dish was appropriately introduced at the table. I only wished the server was friendlier. I also wished the host didn't try to put a time restriction on our dinner since the restaurant wasn't busy. Overall, it was wonderful meal. I hope to return with Santi to try their tasting menu.  

                Looking for a restaurant to celebrate a special occasion?? Then make your reservation for Aziza and let them share this cherished moment!  My fiancé, Daniel L. surprised me by taking me here after an unforgettable afternoon in SF where we were treated to a wonderful dinner and a surprise dessert. Aziza is considered to be one of the most romantic restaurants in San Francisco with dim lighting, cozy tables and attentive service. This fine Moroccan dining is filled with an eccentric menu ready to surprise any guest and waken your pallet with their specialty crafted dishes.  We started off with a handmade cocktail which was perfectly chilled for our meal. My lavender cocktail ($12) with gin was smooth, light and chilled with a light lavender essence and his watermelon cocktail ($12) with tequila was popping with fresh watermelon flavor.   The organic menu is divided into appetizers (10 items), entrées  (7), dessert (5) or a tasting menu for $95 per person. We decided on two appetizers and one entrée with dessert elsewhere.  Appetizers:   We noticed many of the patrons ordered the spread appetizer ($15) which was a smear of hummus consistency sample with a basket of cut up flat bread. The red piquillo pepper and almond was the most flavorful and my favorite hands down. The other hummus and celery and dill spreads were on the lighter side and worth ordering before your entrée is served.  For anyone who is new to Moroccan cuisine, you must order their basteeya ($24) because it was originally created from Morocco using authentic spices, meat and almonds. This savory and sweet pie was filled with duck confit, raisins and almonds and wrapped inside a crispy phyllo dough with a light sprinkle of powdered sugar. Again, you must order this dish.  Entrée:   The lamb loin and belly ($33) dish had two slices of each with sautéed beans, orach and nepitella. The loin was served medium rare and very lean without the gamely aftertaste. The belly had the richness of the fat in each bite. I was slightly disappointed because the protein size was smaller than I expected. At best, the belly was more of a "sample" than a serving size.   Dessert:  They surprised us with a special dark chocolate presentation since they knew we were celebrating a special day. The chocolate was rich and full of cocoa flavor. This could have been the best tasting chocolates I've had in years.   Our original table reservation was scheduled for 6:30 but he was forgetful and we were late and arrived at 7:15. The host warned us because of our tardiness we were limited to our dining time but it would be extended if the restaurant wasn't busy.   The service was precise and I appreciated the description of each dish when it was presented. Each dish was stunningly plated with the use of organic ingredients.    Aziza is known for their high merits in Moroccan cuisine and deserves a visit especially when you celebrate with someone special.  

                * NEW BEST MEAL OF 2014!!  Aziza really takes the cake!! *  Aziza is a place i've had bookmarked for a while.  it is in the richmond area which is farther from everything.    FLAVOR PAIRING WAS AMAZING.  THE TEXTURES AND COLORS...MY O' MY... WHAT A TREAT FOR MY TASTEBUDS!!!   i'm not impressed by every michelin star restaurant but this one was VERY VERY WELL DESERVED.  if kokkari has a star, aziza should have TWO.  i honestly don't know how to go about writing my review that would do it justice.  *sigh*   we didn't opt for the tasting menu since we didn't want to be disappointed spending $98 per person if the food didn't live up to expectations.  i like to create my own 'tasting' menu anyhow.  you get a better menu tailored to your tastes when you order and share dishes.  spreads - the spreads looks like an appetizer that is ordinary but nothing about any of the sauces were that.  there were three different spreads on the plate.  lentil soup  big fin squid - the composition of this squid dish was unlike any other i've had.  chopped celery.   cod - the texture and taste of the cod was more like that of sea bass.  just tender with the fatty fish oils.  corn cream, corn kernels, asparagus. cranberries also.  vanilla semifreddo - when i'm thinking of a vanilla dessert, i wouldn't have dreamed that it have so many elements and be that colorful.  the layers, the textures, the brightness was quite impressive. a housemade gelato with vanilla semifreddo and a crunchy layer underneath.  kisses of meringue and pretty, edible flower petals too.   service was pleasant.  our waitress took orders.  when our food came out, the plate was presented to us with an explanation of what the different elements were.  water was refilled promptly.  *Note: I didn't write this review immediately so it's not as detailed. (I usually do a brain dump within 24 hr...lol..)  

                Aziza surpassed all expectations -- creative, delicious, delightful and friendly. In my "top SF" list now :)  We secured a last minute Sunday night reservation. Aziza has been on the list to go, but the odd location (Richmond, sorry it's off the beaten track) and reservations had kept me away. I booked my next dinner halfway through the evening, going for the tasting next time!  The space is quite expansive, makes sense with the location, and there are several dining rooms with the dimly lit, cozy booths and tables, doesn't feel too fancy though.  The cocktails are so intriguing. I tried the sugar snap pea aperitif, which really brought out the snap pea "green"ness in a wonderful way. My friend's red pepper drink similarly brought out the best of the vegetable. Seconds were the grapefruit cayenne and the not too smoky laphroaig drinks, both super interesting and yummy  We shared the spreads, tomato and lentil soup. All three blew our minds.. The lentil soup, we think had roasted grapes(?) in them that made for fascinating texture. The roe mousse in the spreads was exquisite, the others all delicious (esp with the cucumber).   The tomato dish is one of the most interesting "salad" dishes I've ever had.. I can't tell you exactly but I believe the early girl was roasted, there was a sliced tomato that seemed braised somehow, and the grape tomatoes were tempura-ed, which was such a new flavor and texture, really loved that. Roe on it was quite nice too  I had the steak tartare for my dinner, standard and good. My friend's basteeya, a duck confit wrapped in phyllo-like dough, savory and good  We also shared the black sesame dessert. The dish is so dark but actually quite light and easy to eat, couldn't stop even though I was so full!  All in with 5 dishes shared, two drinks each and shared dessert, $90  The tasting menu was so intriguing. Dishes were actually lighter than menu and many were more interesting looking (not on regular menu). The drink pairings were so interesting, ranging from sake to hitachino best beer to wine to cocktails. Would be $98 + $68 for drinks, and whole table has to commit. Looking forward to it!  

                Michelin STAR!  Raw fish comp-chi avocado and caviar scallops as an appetizer. The saltiness of the caviar and aggressive crunch of the fried chips was tamed so gently by the avocado. After my first bite I wanted to stand up in my chair and clap as loudly as I could to get the attention of the chef so that I could go back to the fifth grade and run the mile in PE every morning at 7AM sixteen times just so that I could shake the hand of the janitor that cleaned his desk when he was in college.  YES. THAT GOOD.  Lamb shank fennel with braised apple was also topnotch. the sauce didnt overpower the dish and the meat was cooked to perfection. tender yet tasty.  Blue nosed bass braised butter sauce was a bit of a healthier dish, not too rich but also lengthly in flavor.  Fantastic wine pairing deep luscious red, I let the waiter choose. Bravo sir, nice choice.  parking was no problem even though we went on a weekend in the city.  ill be back if you keep that raw fish sashimi-esque dish on the menu. CIAO!  

                In less than 2 weeks I'll be on a plane, headed to Morocco to traverse the country and take in all the different intricacies in cuisine from coast to desert to metropolis to mountains, so what better time to reflect upon one of the best Moroccan meals I've had here in the U.S.? At the time I booked Aziza for our last trip to San Francisco I had no idea that we would be heading to Morocco just a year later. We had discussed the idea, but never actually made it official, so this was an interesting preview to only add to our desire to visit. Granted, chef / owner Mourad Lahlo goes way outside the realm of traditional Moroccan dishes for his menu at Aziza, but in many ways he's still using the classics and just integrating more regional ingredients (and obviously sprucing up the presentation for fancy restaurant pricing).   Aziza easily deserves its Michelin star, however the TLDR version here is that while the tasting menu satisfies at 10-15 courses for $95-115 (depending on the night), it might not necessarily "wow" you in the way that some of the other award recipients will. If doing the tasting menu, everyone must participate, which is normally one of my pet peeves, but I tend to make exceptions for Michelin rated places as the service usually makes up for it. Here service was very good, but not quite on the exceptional level of somewhere like Acquerello. The drinks program however filled the gap, with a large menu of uniquely creative concoctions which don't have names, but rather highlight a particular spirit and then match ingredient combinations to it. Several of the drinks use interesting textural components, some that work (such as basil seeds in a gin + mango drink) and some that go a bit too far (shaved almonds in a tequila and smoked salt drink). If you find any particular drink unpleasant though they'll happily make you a new one. I thought at only $10 a piece this was one of the real highlights of Aziza, although its distance away from the main commercial areas of SF may have something to do with the relatively reasonable pricing.  For full details of the extensive tasting menu, just see my photos, I'll just focus on some of the highs and lows here. For me the favorite dish was a clear winner, the chestnut, parsnip, maitake, sprouts, and hazelnut soup. The combination of ingredients were a song for winter and did a great job of transporting me to a different mental place. The lamb chop with greens, ras el hanout, mustard seeds, and lamb bacon won for pure satisfaction, and the lamb was cooked beautifully. The crab, uni, persimmon, and brown butter plate provided excellent depth of flavor, reminding us that we were indeed still eating on the West coast. The most well rounded dish was probably the hen egg, caviar, potato, and puffed rice combination, providing wonderful textural contrasts and sublime, rich flavors in what appears to be a simple, straightforward dish. For dessert, the sugar puffs were outstanding and easily the highlight of that course for me. I could have eaten a dozen. Disappointment came from the couscous, cauliflower, harissa, currant, black sesame, and shallot plate, because I actually liked the combination of flavors, but some of the couscous being burnt left a bad taste in my mouth. Another flop was their signature duck basteeya, with almond, grapefruit, turnip, and verjus, which had fine flavor, but with such a small presentation left the duck element rather sparse and just a bit unsatisfying for one of the main protein courses. The most unique dish, falling somewhere in between love and hate, was the shrimp, charmoula, geoduck, and allium course, of which I think I ate my serving as well as Suzy's, because I love the unusual, even if it's a bit over the top.  At times it felt difficult to extract the Moroccan influence from some of the dishes here, and overall I would have expected a lot heavier use of spices and seasonings, given their abundance in that region, but I did appreciate the strength of flavor the chef was able to get out of what appear to be relatively simple ingredient combinations (meaning limited number per plate). I think if I were to return here I would actually choose the strongest items off the regular menu for each of us, rather than opting for the tasting menu. Across the board I was pleased with almost everything, but in some cases I just wanted more. Either way you'll wind up with an excellent meal, it all depends on how adventurous you feel like being.  

                Looking to book a Michelin 2 star restaurant for an upcoming special occasion meal and came upon an article that said that with State Bird, San Francisco officially exceeded New York in number of Michelin star restaurants. I scanned all threes, twos and ones and nodded my head until I saw Aziza on the list. Shocked, I sent my friend G a message, "Did you know that it has a Michelin?" He shot back a note, "That's a good thing right?"   I had gone there without knowing its rating and here I was, for the first time in my life, at a Michelin restaurant without knowing that it was one. That would explain the spreads were not just simple hummus, and the chicken wings were deconstructed like you'd expect at the Red Rooster or WD50, and raw fish was delicate like something you'd see served at high end sushi joint. There was no lamb tagine on site, but the lamb shank was indeed bone falling.   I had informed G that I was running early, which was absolutely never the case. He had decided ice cream run in Russian Hill took more precedent, and was taking muni to return. But he was actually on time, showed up at exactly 7 PM. We took the opportunity to catch up on life, while food magically appeared to feed the hungry stomach.   Neither one of us was into alcohol that night, which led us to mint tea to cap the evening. Delicious and light.  At the conclusion of the dinner I was puzzled by its modern interpretation on Moroccan that I told G I got to think this was intentional. Of course! I was simply off my usual (food) game.   A busy summer was ahead of us. I might not be available until the beginning of August. But that was what was great about friends: you simply pick up where you left off the last time you were together and it was as if no time had passed.   But next time, next time we'd plan ahead and not just wander off some fancy pants Michelin star restaurant and wonder aloud, "where is that lamb tagine dish?"  

                Classy restaurant - an odd-one out in Outer Richmond.   Group of 3 - went on a Friday night. Made reservations for 6pm but the restaurant was about 15% filled. Odd. The ambience is bordering on romantic and spooky - a tad too dark for my liking.  Started of with the bread platter - came with hummus, yogurt etc. The hummus was the highlight. Shared the basteeya too - which looks and tastes oddly like chinese baked pork buns. The difference is that duck confit is used instead of pork and they charge you USD$20+ for it. Still tasted great :)  I had the sable for mains. The naturally oily flesh melts in your mouth. Pop in the tomato-water globules to enhance the flavors. I left the best part for the last - the fried skin. Crunch crunch.  Ordered the black sesame cake to share - wasn't really special but nothing to fault either.  

                Mourad has really brought 2010 into Moroccan cuisine while still preserving the unique flair and flavors of this North African country.I can't imagine anyone from the Bay Area not trying food from aziza!Aziza has a menu that satisfied my vegatariun best friend and my meat eating taste.The food at this restaurant comes out looking like a work of art, tasting like I have just traveled to Morocco, and filling my belly.You can really tell that this chef loves food from his country and wants you to have the same experience. This was the best birthday gift my best friend could have given me.This restaurant is worth the drive. We came from the East Bay to this restaurant.Don't miss this great place. I know that I'll be back soon.  

                I've been holding off writing this review because, well, I was pretty disappointed after our meal. Sometimes you have to let the dust settle before the final verdict. Well, it's been a few weeks and I think it's fair to start passing judgement.   My childhood friend, Donovan, from Orange County was visiting a few weeks ago and our other buddy, Josh, in SF decided to tackle the tasting menu at Aziza. The three of us thought it sounded like an awesome idea minus the fact that the restaurant told us the dining experience could take up to 3 hours... WTF?!?! We had reservations at 8pm!  For a whopping $115/person, you get the following - <a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=qINBc5uzWRgKQ9_H9qS0JQ&userid=CZ36wJqV-Xit758UaOr81A">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a>  I won't dive into the full menu but I will admit how overrated the tasting menu is. Aziza classifies itself as a Moroccan restaurant when only one of the 13 or so items screamed Moroccan, which was the couscous - <a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=3zDzEVH1v1JkrHYpm2e9sQ&userid=CZ36wJqV-Xit758UaOr81A">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a>  Some of the other dishes lacked execution and I couldn't help but wonder why they got too "cute" with some of the items. Throwing foam on a dish for looks isn't necessary when it doesn't add anything or putting edible flowers in a salad for no good reason.   It's sad to say the most memorable thing I had all night was their Fetiman's Cherry Cola - <a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=VeOTG6rFZWDpW7DyI-ulhg&userid=CZ36wJqV-Xit758UaOr81A">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a> It was by far and away the best cola I've ever tasted. With strong notes of cherry and subtle hints of ginger, this drink was awesome over ice. You can most likely find it at your local BevMo for $2/bottle. I recommend getting some NOW!   My review is based on their tasting menu. Josh has been here before and ordered ala carte. He said it's much better when you can pick and choose what you want, which is true. When you do a tasting menu, you're essentially at the mercy of the chef which means you might not enjoy all the offerings.  

                My boyfriend brought me to this place. Their frond door pretends to be "nothing"in there but actually everything is in there. For the tasting menu, I felt like the snacks part is the most "surprise". We had three dishes for the snack part and each of them was as good as those other courses on tasting menu. And their rose lemonade soda is fabulous.  

                I expected better from a Michelin star restaurant. The place is Modern Moroccan but the tasting menu ended up tasting more like new american. I was hoping for some intense and exotic spice in the dishes but there was a lot more modern than Moroccan.  We were first placed in a loud and hot room, not asked if the seat was ok. After sitting for about 2 minutes, we knew we were not going to be able to handle the heat. Found the hostess and asked to be moved to the back room where they had a window open.   My date doesn't eat meat and we notified the server of this and minutes later her very first snack had meat on it! They apologized and I got her dish but they never replaced hers with something else, boo.   The drink pairing were the best part of the menu even when some the dishes were lacking.  

                Food: delicious. I mean DELICIOUS.  But my bf got the beef and I got the lamb shank. His might have been more delicious than mine, but my portion was CONSIDERABLY bigger than his. I let him have 1/2 of my shank, and couldn't bare take any of his miserable portion of beef. Drinks: Cherry tree cola...yummy! Environment: romantic. Loved it! Service: they were sooo nice, friendly and helpful.  

                This was the last dinner during our trip. By the time we dined here, we had already explored some of San Francisco's and Napa Valley's greatests. We would not be easily impressed.   Arrived on time and got seated immediately. The decor was as expected, Moroccan-yes, but not too kitschy. Other than the more traditional wall colors and lighting, the restaurant overall had clean lines and a modern touch.   Everything we ordered was fabulous. One of the items that stood out was the spreads platter. The nicely plated chickpea, yogurt salmon roe and piquillo almond spreads were more than eye candy. We all fought over every last bit! So much so that we had to place a second order to bring calm back to the table. Really.   For the appetizers, the avocado salad, chicken wings and duck confit were unlike any others I have ever tasted. The avocado perhaps being the simplest of them all and the wings the most unexpected surprise dish (honey, nigella seed, cashew and japaleño).  For entrees we had the black cod, short rib and lamb shank. Again, great presentation and also bold, delicious flavors.   Dessert also caused a little bit of an uproar at the table. Everyone wanted a taste of the chocolate mousse and spice bread (oatmeal ice cream? really?). Incredible. OK, I admit it, we were impressed by the food.   The restaurant was dark, unless you were seated in the booths as we were. The vibe was hip and noise level was at about a 5 (out of 10). I know Michelin stars are not given based on service (it's based on food and food only), but it has been my experience that service is usually stellar if it's Michelin rated. Here, it was just OK.  That being said, star or no star, I would definitively consider returning if in the area. Aziza truly is a special place.  

                We had a great time here for my birthday dinner.There were a lot of empty tables on a Monday night. Our waiter, Mark, was really funny and very helpful. He recommended ordering drinks before anything, as they take a while to prepare. I went with the lavender gin and my bf got whiskey.   We then started with the spreads and the duck confit basteeya. We got the spreads before our drinks, which was weird but we understood. The spreads were amazing! I could not deicide which one was my favorite. And then the cocktail... so refreshing and delicious. It was very strong. I also recommend the grapefruit absinthe whiskey. I am glad we ordered the spreads not only because they are fantastic, but because the basteeya takes a while to make. That thing was pretty spot on amazing. I could eat that whole thing for a meal!!   The lamb shank was cooked to perfection. The meat falls off the bone and the flavor combination with the sides is spectacular. It is a huge piece of meat so I was lucky enough to have leftovers (that's what the number they put on your table is for). My bf got the beef cheeks on brioche and I loved his as well.   Our dessert was unique and interesting. It was raspberry sorbet with goat cheese yogurt and chocolate ganache. Very creative flavor combination, but it worked really well and we enjoyed it!   Not really sure how Mourad does it, but I will be making a cookbook purchase in the near future to test my talent, such as it is.  

                I had this place bookmarked for years as the last few attempts to dine here were futile. The reservation was almost impossible to get (a michelin star would do that your restaurant) now on a longer trip to SF I had a dinner here right in the cross and pulled the trigger way in advance when all parties had confirmed.  The restaurant is an interesting area as one wouldn't expect this type of restaurant in this area.  I had previewed the menu and if everyone was on board we would go for the tasting menu otherwise order a dish and sample it with others would have to do. This is not a traditional Moroccan menu so I had to nail down the dishes based on what everyone else ordered. Right from start the service is top notch. We were seated in the back and were checked on regularly. The person who was hosting us was quite knowledgeable about the menu as well as their cocktail offerings. I was set on the Affilgem (750 ml yay) one of our fellow diners went for a cocktail (was quite good apparently) while the last one settled on a lemonade from Britannia. We ordered an app to share and had 3 mains. Here is the verdict. The spread starter: Top notch beautiful presentation, bold flavors nothing masked or held back to cater to the western palate. The bread was seasoned very well with zatar spice or maybe it was harissa as I tend to confuse the two. Short Rib: I am partial to short rib and tend to order it almost every time I see it on the menu. Just right with a perfectly rectangular cut, gorgeously seasoned and cooked to the level that it just melts. Sweet finish on the meat though so if you like that taste profile you are in for a treat.  Chicken: Cubed guinea hen. Hmm surprising bland on taste. Did like the sides on it though. Lamb: This is an acquired taste for meat I know but I do enjoy it once in a while. They had an interesting offering the belly of the lamb (I don't recall having tried this in a restaurant before) and loin. Didn't blow me away. Decent but not great. This place is pricey but it is a good choice if you want to get away from the mainstream food profiles.  

                I came here without knowing that Aziza was a Michelin 2 star restaurant....  I'm a bit torn between a 3 or 4 on Aziza.   All courses are rather petite in size....fit for a petite person and not so much the regular-sized human being.   The lamb shank wasn't as amazing as what others have hyped it up to be. It didn't have the lamb taste and was on the drier side in my opinion.  The pita bread and spreads were delicious. The pita itself was fresh and well seasoned and all the sauces were great....it looks more like a work of art.  The mahi mahi I'd say, was the best entree dish of the bunch. It was grilled and seasoned well. The fried broccoli and puréed bean sauce paired surprisingly well together.  Now here is why I'm a bit hesitant to give a 4....  My other friend ordered the market fish (today's was snapper w fiddlehead fern, artichoke hearts, green beans, and raspberry). The fish was semi raw and she told the waiter about it and he said "it's supposed to be cooked that way" in a you-don't-know-anything-you-shouldn't-complain-­just-eat-it manner. Well waiter, we did not know that and it was nowhere stated on your menu that it would only be semi-cooked! Anywho, we asked the waiter kindly  to have it fully cooked. In the interim, they brought my friend a small chicken wing app and they brought out a brand new fully cooked snapper (we didn't ask them for a brand new dish, but it was nice that they did  that and gave a comp app while she waited for her meal).  The water server was muy bien! I've never had such excellent water service in my life ever. Literally, after every time I drank my glass half empty, he'd be around to fill it up again....i always had a full glass! This was appreciable since I tend to drink lots of water when I dine out.  

                Aziza was an elegant meal. It breaks any conceptions you have of Morrocon food or of food itself. Be prepared to be surprised. No wonder Aziza became the first Moroccan restaurant to receive a Michelin Star. We did not know about it, until we met one of my school friends and husband and I decided to check it out the next night. We were lucky to get a reservation. We started with cocktails- I had an espresso one- which was craftily prepared by a bunch of rather beautiful bar- men. Husband and I sipped each of our drinks and waited for our tables to be setup. We were then ushered to a nice seating spot- with warm colored walls, very roomy and yet extremely intimate for conversations. It got better with the food on the plate- the flatbread was grilled so well and still stayed soft- it was one of the freshest I've had. The chef created magic on plate with the various spreads - chickpea, yogurt-dill and one with eggplant. Everything disappeared like magic very soon. The plating was beautiful- even if you cut the plate in half, you'd always see mirror images.  For the mains, I ordered the fish special- flounder- which together with the extract of tomato in a gel form- tasted completely satisfying. Husband's lamb dish came together when you took a bite with the crispy spinach. The desert was a surprise- a raspberry sorbet with goat cheese "snow". It was novel, exciting and totally expected out of a Michelin start restaurant and  that too not at an atrocious price. Totally recommended. Close your eyes. Go.  

                I came here for Valentine's Day.  Everything on the prix fixe menu was delicious, best food I've ever eaten! Also they have really good cocktails. This is a great place to take a date, good food, good ambiance and great customer service.  

                Aziza is For Real.  Food was spectacular.  The service was tremendous, great pacing by attentive and knowledgeable staff.  We all enjoyed the Basteeya and Raw Fish appetizers.  Lamb shanks and Short Ribs were the bomb.  Can't say enough good things about Aziza.  Will definitely go back when in San Francisco again.  

                Honestly for the price of the food this place is not worth it unless you live in the Outer Richmond.   Took my bf here for his birthday and was not overly impressed. Sure the cocktails are good (should really be what they are known for) but everything else just seemed lacking.   The decor has a Moroccan feel but also seems like the restaurant is missing something, kind of empty inside in terms of design.   For a restaurant that has a Michelin star I feel like it needs to be more on point. Considering when I was there the chef got into a verbal altercation with a guest and told him to go f*ck himself. That's a nice thing to hear when you're throwing down $200 on dinner.   Anyway the food was good but I won't be back because it is not convenient and definitely not worth it.  

                Actual rating 4.5.  I saw this on SF Eater as one of the picks of the Eater 38. As is with many of my foodie adventures I asked the No1DP to join me. This was the celebratory meal after going through 3 weeks of an intense module.  VENUE: Located in Outer Richmond, quite far from the touristy areas of SF. The fares for the taxi ride heading in and the Uber ride going out were actually quite comparable, $20-$25 each way. To head into this area you have to know what you're looking for.  The No1DP and I sat in the back of the restaurant, far away from the main activity.   SERVICE: Very good. Waiter was knowledgeable about the menu and the specific wine parings for each of our dishes.  While we didn't go for the tasting menu, we settled for a 3 course meal with drink pairings.  1ST COURSE Lavender (orange blossom honey, gin): My drink. I remember that it was smooth for a gin-based drink and the citrus flavors blended in with the gin really well, so well that I could not taste the gin. Fennel (dill, saffron, black pepper, vodka): No1DP's drink; he says it was an "interesting choice" for a vodka-based drink. I thought it was a bit too herbal to my liking.  The olives were some of the best I've ever had; it was lightly salted and the raw almonds rounded out the dish by giving it a nice crunch. Reminded me quite a bit of edamame.   Their interpretation of lentil soup was good. Soup was poured out right in front of me. Lentils were soft and there was enough beans to soup that it didn't make me full right away.  2ND COURSE The menu changes seasonally with the exception of the basteeya and lamb shank, which are always offered.  I knew about the basteeya as it is featured on this year's 7x7 list but I decided on going by the suggestion of the waiter and tried the lamb shank. This is one of the best entrees I've had this year, as this is a perfect example of a dish with the right amount of flavor combinations. The lamb shank was not gamey and the meat just fell off the bone (like osso bucco), the barley and cream was rich and gave the meat a bit of salt, the arugula imparted a bit of bitterness and the pomegranate gave it a bit of sweet. Words cannot describe how perfect the flavors molded together when you tried everything. The wine pairing was good as the red wine was not too strong.  No1DP had the black cod with broccoli, mushrooms seasoned with black truffles. The fish was quite soft and the truffle/mushroom combination imparted quite a nice earthy feel. The fish was portioned so that every bite was a tease. He also enjoyed his accompanying white wine.  3RD COURSE Although good, the dessert course was our least favorite course.   I got the semolina cake. The texture had good amounts of soft cake and crunchy topping. There was a slight orange taste in the cake and sesame in the toppings. The Madeira wine was excellent and had the right amount of sweet for an after-dinner drink.  No1DP got a chocolate mousse with lots of yogurt. The yogurt was a bit too sour and I couldn't taste the chocolate mousse. Texture was also a bit too weird for mousse.   Should I come back here I definitely would like to try more of their cocktails and finally get their basteeya.  

                Love this place. Indeed It's out of the way in the avenues on Geary (if you are poopooing this because of location then stay in your hole), this place gets over looked bc it's not written up all the time in the fancy magazines nor on "what's hot" lists, but it's on the James Beard list, it's decor and food is one of a kind. Honestly Mediterranean food doesn't excite me BUT Aziza is beyond expectations. DONT SKIP DESSERT. It's not a scenester place. Just go for the food and enjoy. Unfortunately I don't remember what we ordered. It's been months but I do remember we over ordered. Each dish had flavors and smells that made us over the top. Make a reservation soon.  

                This was both good and bad.  The thing is, I'm moroccan and this is not purely moroccan food, more fusion like. I went to Aziza 1,5 year ago and I really liked it but since it wasn't authentic I was a bit disappointed. They were super nice, good service and great food.  

                It is not often that you come in to a place knowing that the restaurant's staple is that of a particular ethnic cuisine, or for some, even coming in wondering if you will get a musical performance after the meal (a la Hyperion Theater with a blue genie, RIP Robin Williams) only to be absolutely floored and dare I say even romanced, by the creativity, execution, and brilliance of a blend of ingredients (and talent) that in the end flow very well together. And that happened because you chose to "trust the chef" and do a tasting menu that is off the eaten path, instead of the regular menu that adheres more towards the traditionalist side.  Aziza is like the Sister Of Night When the hunger descends And your dishes are fire An inferno that never ends An eternal flame That burns in desires name  There was simplicity within complexity, as well as elegance, style, and substance.  The tasting menu starts off with some small bites:  - Carrot marinated in lemon juice, orange gelee,  topped with sprouted lentils, wheat berry. Looked like ants on a log, but it was delicious!  - Shigoku oyster in fava bean cream, pickled mustard seeds. This was as sexcellent as the kind we had at Hopscotch Oakland recently. The cream and mustard seeds didn't overwhelm the flavor of the oyster luckily.  - Chicken skin with egg white, pickled spring onion, chives, mustard. With this you notice the importance of textures and flavors. This worked very nicely.   - Corn fritters sprinkled with fresh ground coffee on top. Genius, sweet and delicious and so enjoyable.  - roasted beet topped with dehydrated beet green, and a small piece of fried sweetbread (swore I heard the bone marrow incorporated inside). Very nice.   Next:  - A cold refreshing honeydew broth with small melon balls, pasta (vermicelli) made with tomato, pickled cucumber, currant, and microgreen basil leaves. This was truly remarkable.  - Sea bass with a delectable crispy skin, served over puree, sea beans, onion puree, and slices of lemon rind. I fret over restaurant preparations of fish sometimes, but Aziza put us at ease.  - Hen egg, served in a glass container with applewood smoke that lifted upon the removal of the lid.  Served with a grana padano cream, with small pieces of dehydrated lamb belly, king trumpets, over a brioche. Absolutely heavenly and creative, the flavors worked so well.     - Couscous, harissa foam, fried zucchini blossom, fried shallots, lemon rind, and toasted almonds. I usually cringe at the sight and sound of couscous, but this was on another level and plateau. Phenomenal.  - Basteeya. Looked like an American Chinese Egg Roll! Perfect crispy exterior with the interior containing duck confit, almonds, raisins, chickpeas, with cherry jam and hearts of palm. I say no more, just look at the arrangement on the plate in the pics. Visually stunning, a perfect bite.  - Squab was on the red side which I liked, nice crispy skin, with a brown butter sauce, pistachio cream, roasted fig. Wishing I had a little Pinot Noir to go with this! Not as spectacular as the Muscovy Duck smoked with Cherry Blossom wood at Keiko, but for this establishment, astounding.  Desserts:  Blackberry sorbet, corn cream, chamomille, buckwheat.  Olio Nuova, chicory, malted milk, almond, chocolate  The sugar puffs looked exactly like Sa Yung/Egg Puff 沙翁 from Koi Palace or Cooking Papa, although smaller and more delectable. Love this FOBenese encounter!  Mignardises were like petite fours, also stellar. Sesame marshmallows, cookies, chocolate. And packaged granolas to take home as a send off.  For what they charge for the tasting menu  (just under $100 per person, all parties at the table have to partake), I would agree that it is very good value for the quality.  Budget 2.5 to 3 hours for this downscale yet extravagant food sextravaganza.   It's ok if you don't feel romanced by the end of the meal   (and if so, what is wrong with you?! Just kidding.)   Please don't get a pizza afterwards!   (But ShareTea is not far from here.)  

                Very honest food! The dishes weren't super duper fine but the quality was top notch, and the flavors were superb. If you are having the lamb shank, be sure to suck out the marrow from the bone! Prices are also lower than most michelin starred restaurants.  

                A definite must.. the food was absolutely amazing.. elegantly prepared with much care and thought.   My friend and I ordered 5 apps: spreads with flatbread (eggplant, yogurt-dill, and piquillo-almond-tahini); raw fish with pickled kohlrabi, fennel, tofu, and thai basil; the (deboned) chicken wings; basteeya; and beets with cabbage, persimmon, cheese, peanut, and rye.  If I HAD to recommend two dishes from that list, I would go with the spreads and raw fish.. they were the most unique. (although I've never heard of basteeya before, which was this duck-filled pastry.. reminiscent of some sort of dessert pastry).   We also ordered two entrees, I had the market fish with dungeness crab, brussel sprouts, and oyster (foam), while my friend went with the rib eye..   All that food between two people is somewhat of a challenge (lol).. but the timing on when each dish was brought out was superb.. they didn't rush us, were attentive, and knowledgeable.   As for the ambience.. it was quite nice, tasteful.. my only suggestion would be to add some music.. just something low-key in the background would have been nice..  

                I've been going here from the beginning. When they gave you rose water and belly dancers and a restroom with all kinds of toiletries for the ladies. I've been coming here since the cous cous, kebabs, dips and the Bastiya were the only things to order here (they still are but with so many more choices). I've been coming here before Mourad and Farmoush became the hotnesses they are today. So why am I giving you my credentials?  Perspective.   Aziza is at a crossroads right now what with the opening of their new spot. Does it stay the course or are we gonna see the dilution of the brand?  Based on my latest meal, the kids are alright. True, some dishes lacked the flavor and finesse I've come to expect from my boy Mourad, but it's executed correctly and I'm glad to say, service and the beverage program are still top notch.   Hen egg with potato foam was dope. Gonna steal that. Chicken thighs are always good but on this visit I found it texturally lacking. Mealy. Maybe too much time in the thermoregulator. Kampachi and black cod was solid. Desserts as always, flavorful and beautiful.   I just hope for the sake of the outer Richmond, this mainstay doesn't deviate from its perch. Bad enough Ton Kiang, Tradr Sams and Khan Toke have all slipped with time. All we gots left is Tommys and Aziza.  

                I've been to Morocco, and I've been to fussy American restaurants. Unfortunately Aziza fell entirely flat for us. The entire experience needs a little less potato foam and a little more Bogart and Bacall.  The wait staff was impeccable, but I found the modernized food to be more fussy than tasty. Visually the interior design of the restaurant felt incomplete for me and the lighting was off as well. The music seemed better suited for the Olive Garden than Rick's Cafe.  The appearance of the food and beverage is absolutely inventive and exotic. In a blind taste test, however, I doubt I would even recognize it as either Moroccan-based or particularly flavorful.  The best part of our meal was the dish of Mediterranean spreads, which should never be the case when you've been Michelin rated.  The cocktails (one tequila and almond inspired and the other concord grape and scotch) sounded and looked quite eclectic and delicious, but fell flat on overall flavor. It took the whole meal to finish them and even that was burdensome. As a former bartender and lover of inspired mixology, this was really disappointing. The silver lining was that I was not compelled to order a 2nd cocktail and thus saved gouging myself further on the bill.  The lentil soup was presented well but the savory depth and North African spices were noticeably missing.   The raw fish special with hearts of palm, seaweed and Goji berries was also pretty tasteless.  We didn't dare proceed any further. As it stood, our final bill with tax and tip was already $100 and we were only 2 cocktails, a soup, a raw fish appetizer and a dip platter into the meal...  Perhaps I should have focused on the meat-based options, in which case Pescatarians be warned. This is probably not going to end up at the top of your list.  

                The Boyfriend & I were celebrating 4 fantastic years together. After being stuck on AC Transit for 30 minutes due to an attempted mugging & a $45 Lyft ride across the bay, I managed to make the reservation.  We started out with the Spread. The quickly sum up, the roasted piquillo-almond was too sweet & the cumin in the roasted eggplant was a little too overpowering. The mint yogurt was my favorite and I thought it actually went better with the sliced cucumber garnish than the tasted flatbread.  For entrée I got the Scallop and he got the Lamb loin. I had never had scallop roe before but it tasted really good with the kumquat. The almond brown butter sauce was far too sweet & somewhat unnecessary given the sweetness of the scallops. The scuttle scallops were well cooked but they were only seared on 1 side. The lamb loin was perfectly booked & the beets were actually quite tasty (I don't eat beets). The portion size was a little on the dainty side for him though.  We got a Strawberry dessert as well as a Black sesame dessert. the Strawberry was not too sweet & it did not taste artificial; the staff also wrote "Happy Anniversary" on the plate. The Black sesame came with banana which I did not think would be a good combination; but it was, especially when I picked up a little bit of the ginger with it.  The service was great but the layout of the restaurant was a bit awkward...we had to squeeze between people sitting at the bar & the wall to get in/out.  

                Still haven't had the tasting menu, but we had dinner a la carte here two weekends in a row (came the first weekend with a first group of people, loved it so much had to go back with a second group of people the second weekend just so they can see what they missed the first weekend).  The short of it is, this is the finest and best Moroccan food I've ever had (although the list isn't very long).  The lentil soup was an inspiration, I had to try and make it at home the third weekend after the first two weekends eating here.  The hummus and other assorted dips with perfectly grilled flatbread was another favorite.  The utilization of middle eastern flavors in an otherwise traditional framework is on point here.  Another great thing about Aziza is the informality and budget friendly prices, which make coming back again and again much more possible.  

                The wifey took me here for my birthday dinner and I can say I was impressed. I've been wanting to come here ever since I met the friendly chef/owner Mourad Lahlou at a cooking exhibition. His talent to combine local ingredients with Moroccan flavors to create fine dining Moroccan influenced dishes was both innovate and delicious. I can see why he won Iron Chef as well as why Aziza has a Michelin star.   Each dish was well balanced in both flavor and texture. My tongue's G Spot got worked that night!       My favorite dish of the night was a perfect example of that.    The signature DUCK CONFIT BASTEEYA ($23). Succulent and savory duck chunks + sweet raisin and almond + delicately light and crisp phyllo dough = Like a sweet, savory, succulent, and crisp "hot pocket on crack", 100% absolute deliciousness. (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=ESQONj5xAEEj_zaLFxJymw#ESQONj5xAEEj_zaLFxJymw">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a>)  Other dishes we enjoyed.  *LOCAL SARDINES with pureed turnip, brioche croutons, and olives. (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=vwpXfDerjO96QiWlHuivTg">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a>) *LAMB SHANK with barley, sour cherry, and spring onion ($27) Melt in your mouth lamb was sublime. (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=Jta88qrM7IdI6_Uap377eA#Jta88qrM7IdI6_Uap377eA">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a>) *CORNISH HEN - easy to eat since it was rolled up in a roulade.  *BLACK COD in a saffron reduction - melted in your mouth and I loved the crisped skin.   (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=wa4u0zfPbusvGq_kmgEk0w#wa4u0zfPbusvGq_kmgEk0w">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a>) *SEMOLINA CHOCOLATE CAKE - Airy, light, and crisp. My favorite part was the level of spice to mark it as uniquely Moroccan. (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=p7vv00yZJb2UKvP9qe-QEQ#p7vv00yZJb2UKvP9qe-QEQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a>)  Washed it down with this Honey flavored ale from Belgium "BIERE DE MIEL". Easy to drink ale with honey and floral notes. Finishes smooth and easy to drink. I drank a 750ml to myself! (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=SLnGwc449EmSObzfZV6SMA#SLnGwc449EmSObzfZV6SMA">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a>)  Excellent and polished service with generous portions of unique food. I felt that we got our money's worth. We'd come back to try the house's tasting menu instead of doing our own. Got lucky with parking otherwise valet is $10.   Would recommend for a special date night or a small group. Valentine's day IS coming up.  

                This was my first time in San Francisco. A friend recommended the place for dinner.   We ordered the 'spreads' for starter and fell in love with the piquillo-almond with the flatbread. Following that we ordered the 'chicken wings'. They turned out to be boneless, which I like, and it was perfectly cooked with a hint of garlic!  They have various vegetarian options as well.  Entrees includes 'couscous' and 'chicken'. Dishes looks small but are very filling. I drove from San Jose to San Fran to meet a friend, and the dinner at Aziza was well worth the 1 hour drive.  

                A bit of a #lateyelp on this one but I was here back in August for date night during a really busy time in my life and was thoroughly impressed. Thank god for my persistent food picture diaries so I can recall my experiences ;)  We started our date night with a couple yummy cocktails. I got a beautiful red Sangria. My boyfriend also got one of their cocktails. They really hit the spot as a refreshing summer treat. To start out we also got the spreads, including Aziza's delicious flatbread and an assortment of spreads. I believe that my favorite was a yogurty-dill type sauce. We also had the chicken wings, delightful as well. I had to try the duck confit basteeya and it was definitely delicious and filling. My boyfriend also ordered a quail special with cous cous and mushrooms... all very good.  I love the atmosphere of this spot, casual, and great for a date night. It is on the pricier side but I do think that the taste is something special. I hope to be back here very soon!  

                Well Aziza, I like your foods but NOT the service. Please be more friendly and polite to your customers. For the price I paid, i expected a friendly and good service, but seem like your not on the point or this is your style???  Lacking on deco at the room I seated. I seated at the dark room in the back of the main dinning room which have nothing. No music no deco and dark......   Are you really wroth a star from Michelin???  I dont think so  

                Went here for a birthday dinner date and had a great time.  The cocktails were the real stars but the food was also delicious.  I would say the food / menu was a bit pretentious, but also very high quality, if lacking somewhat in portion size (re: salmon entree).  The drinks are all labeled by whatever fruit / vegetable / spice dominates the flavor profile which was fun, and we LOVED the cilantro & red pepper drinks; our second round of lavender and rose flavored drinks were also outstanding.  I didn't know much about Moroccan food before my dinner, and I would say I'm still not very sure, so if that's what you're coming for maybe re-consider. Overall great experience, great place for a romantic evening, good food, and unique cocktails.  

                What a hidden gem. Great decor, delicious food and lively ambience. Service was awesome too. Everything I ordered was simply amazing.  

                A few words.  Cocktails: Inventive (period)  Food: Amazing (period)  Desserts: Sound better than they taste (period)  Ambiance: Moody in a good way (period)  Company: Spectacular (exclamation)  The: End (period)  

                Our first impression of the restaurant was...uhh SO DARK! This place doesn't want us to see what the food look like!  Then we were brought to another room where there was LIGHT and we were so much happier :)  The food was full of flavors and beautifully arranged! I loved my Lamb loin and belly. The portion might be "small" according to the American standard but I thought it was just right and we could still share a dessert. That dessert with the apricot sherbet was the BOMB!  One thing was that people around us were couples and it was awkward for us to talk out loud... With that said, this place is perfect for dates!  

                Had a great time with friends, not very expensive and yet the best Moroccan food I've had in a while. The highlight (because it was our first experience with it) was the quail. It tasted a little like chicken, but it was deep fried, garlicky and adventurous! I must mentioned though that it was a weird to deal with the little bone that came with the chopped pieces.  

                Not what I expected in a bad way. It was super noisy and overly casual, felt like I was at a chain restaurant in the suburbs. The waitstaff was great, but the could do little to rescue the ambience and lack of seasoning on the food. We had the lamb and short rib. while tender, it all lacked favor and was quite bland. The cocktails were tasty but overly sweet and I had to give the bartender instructions on how to make a Manhattan properly. The appetizers  were good and the only thing that gives this any stars at all.  

                I wouldn't know there's a restaurant on Geary Blvd that serve such delicious food.  Everything is bomb dot com!  Whatever we ordered that day is just over the scale.  My taste bud had a spa day that day!    The server we had was very knowledgeable on the food they serve.  Recommend: Basteeya  (Good for date night)  

                Service was great and I really liked the decor of the place. Comfy lounge seating.  Spreads: These are AMAZING. I think I would've been happy just eating that whole plate for dinner.   Honey chicken: These were good too although nothing special.  Market fish: Again, it was good but I thought the fish was a little dry.  couscous: Not a fan of couscous, but my friend thought it was good.  

                My husband and I went here for NYE and I think the kitchen was completely overwhelmed. Our reservation was at 9:15pm and we left our dinner close to 12:45am. We arrived a bit early and hung out at the bar while we waited for our table and ordered some drinks. We weren't in a rush but it was the inconsistency of pace that bothered us. They featured a 16 course tasting menu for $125pp. Most of the 16 courses were okay to very good. There were a few I didn't like at all.   Once we sat down, it took almost 20 minutes to get our first course. After that, some courses would come in fast succession and others would take 10 or 15 minutes to receive. There was a four top table just next to us that had been seated at least 30 minutes before us and they were somehow a course behind us. They finally got fed up and we actually saw them walk out of restaurant. I'm not really sure if they even paid because we didn't see a check exchanged but they left. There was also a couple that thanked the server for being accommodating to her gluten allergy. Long behold, the server was shocked and said they thought she said she wasn't gluten free. I hope she did not have a severe allergy and I could tell her husband was not too happy. I found this response odd because why would you go out of your way to say you are not gluten free?  Had it not been for the second half of the menu, which really had some great food, we would have been disappointed. Also, about 11pm our service really improved. Before that, my husband had a hard time ordering a cocktail and almost walked up tot he bar area himself. I felt bad for our server because he was nice and trying to be attentive but you are kinda screwed when the kitchen is in the weeds.     The duck dish, lamb dish as well as the cous cous really picked up the menu. When Aziza went for more Moroccan flair, they succeed. Also, the cocktails we tried were delicious. We tried two rum based drinks that were just divine. One was with lavender and honey and the other with coconut water. They also gave us a free glass of Prosecco at midnight.   We had wanted to try Aziza because we had heard such great things and I don't think this was the best representation of what they can do. We haven't decided if we will return. There were some gems but the overall experience wasn't anything stellar, especially for the price.  

                So I came here for the name/mine at the recommendation of a coworker. This place did not disappoint I started with the Heirloom tomatoes that had a hint of basil seeds, fennel and feta it was amazing. My entree was fall off the bone Lamb shank, barley, nettle and shaved Granny Smith apples. For dessert I had the Hibiscus sorbet flavored with lemon verbena, goat yogurt on top of chocolate ganache. For drinks I enjoyed a Pear Moscato d'asti and then a Rosemary black Cardamon Cachca Rum. This whole meal  goodness YAAAS it was amazing. I will definitely be back all the way from DC!  

                In a nutshell - Not worth the price. Not going back. Not recommending it to friends.  Tried the tasting menu @$98/person on 11/1/2014.  With a glass of wine, cocktail, and soda + tip, the damage was $281 for a party of two.  Here's my litany of complaints:  - Not enough food. Portions are small, as reported by other diners.  - Over-use of foam in dishes. Foam was present in at least 3 dishes. Please, what's the point in using foam when it really doesn't impart flavor to the dish?  - Basteeya on the tasting menu was basically a super-small spring roll with some Concord grape jelly and couple of grapes. To add insult to injury, the grapes accompanying the dish weren't seedless and I bit into seeds TWICE, ruining the dish for me. My dining companion didn't suffer my fate thank goodness.  - Smoked trout dish had a bone. Sure, trout has a lot of bones. But it was a super-small piece of fish. My dining companion thankfully didn't have this issue.  - A piece of chocolate on the mignardises plate (which was actually a flat piece of rock) at the end of the meal falls off onto table. Server nonchalantly puts it back on the plate with his fingers. Doesn't even bother to replace it with a new one.  Michelin star restaurant my ass.  First-world problems? Yes. But I've had much better, more memorable meals for ~$280.  

                As a moroccan I LOVE THIS PLACE. Their cocktails are terrific, the service always nice.  The food is not that traditional, and for instance the couscous is far from a traditional one but it still is very tasty, and good. And the design of the place has been well made.  My only cons is that portions are kind of small (even my girlfriend who has a very small apetite think that way) and that make the whole thing kind of pricy.  But I will still go there.  

                We loved Aziza! Excellent food. Excellent service. My wife made me re-write the tip from 15 to 25%.  

                Went a while ago but a bit behind on reviews.  Morocco meets San Francisco in the Richmond area.  The thing about Moroccan food is that it is influenced by so many cultures that you can almost get away with anything and Aziza exercises this creative licence.  Take the market fish for example.  I had a wonderful John Dory (a fish with Christian connotations influenced by a country which is 99% Muslim.) It was served with all the foodie fixings (ramps, fiddleheads and favas).  Dessert took the cake...well no, the semifreddo did which demonstrates why acclaimed pastry chef Melissa Chou is the bomb.  Great place, great service although it will cost you a few dirhams.  

                Fantastic food. Just mouth watering good. The coscous dish I had there was out of this world, something to remember for ever. TRhe duck confit basteeya was tasty but I don't exactly see the hype. Very friendly waiters, surprisingly empty for a michelin starred spot.  

                Came here with my boyfriend to celebrate our 6 month anniversary. It was great! The ambiance was nice. The service was excellent and precise. Food was delicious, and pretty unique. Drinks drinks drinks!!! They were amazing here. All the drinks were made with freshly muddled ingredients. It was so fresh and tasty, you could barely taste any alcohol, but they definitely packed a punch. The meats are just sooo tender. Cooked to perfection. The basteeya was so delicious, but definitely a bit heavy, and should be a shared appetizer. They even gave us a surprise desert to celebrate our occasion. I would love to come back here. Moroccan food done on a Michelin level. It was great!  

                YES. This is a perfect, wonderful meal.   Price point versus quality is excellent. I love restaurants that feel "special" but not one-per-year pricey special. Cocktails are interesting and unique. This is a restaurant I feel I can go to over and over again.  We got the a la carte menu instead of the tasting menu. Our server explained the ala carte is more "rustic" and the tasting menu is a bit more "high end fusion".   For the food - Spreads: The dips are beautifully plated. One was very refreshing and one was just a well-made hummus. Can't remember the taste of the other one (a few weeks ago). Solid.  Duck basteeya: It's sweet (raisins) and the duck is almost like a pulled pork consistency. The salty and sweet are fantastic together, and to top it off, it is wrapped in a crunchy, flaky pastry bread. Genius.  Lamb loin and stomach: Perfectly cooked. I got this because I thought lamb stomach might be similar to pork belly. It was! It tasted fatty and delicious, and the lamb loin was soft and tender. Wonderful dish.  

                Excellent and original food ( we had a surprising and tasty couscous). Prices were High but justified. We just did not really like the atmosphere, a bit too cold and dark for us (we could hardly see the food).  

                Food - 5 star, wine - 5 star, service 5 star, but the ambiance drags down my rating to an overall 4 star.  We ordered a sashimi special of the day and the flatbreads spreads. Both were excellent. The flatbread itself was very soft and almost melted in the mouth. Some of the spreads were very different from what I'd had before, like the yoghurt-dill combination. The number flatbreads they serve with the spreads are never going to be enough for the quantity of spreads you get, so you're likely going to order more flatbreads anyway!  For the entree, I had the lamb shank, which was as good as any of the other good lamb shanks I've had, but not better. And my fiancee had the fish, which was very tasty.  Service was top notch. Timely, helpful and very friendly.  I think the ambiance was a little too loud for a michelin star restaurant, and did not feel very "special". The food was worth the price. The ambiance - not so much. But I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to anyone in the SF area looking for good food.  

                What a restaurant. It's such a different experience from most you get in San Francisco today. You're in the Richmond boonies, so there's not huge swaths of annoying people like in the Mission or Marina. Everyone who's there is there to eat and enjoy and that makes for a really great vibe. And even though it's fancy(ish)/higher end, it feels pretty low key.  I also love that they have such an extensive cocktail list. I didn't even get to the wines, but the selection looked amazing. Every drink I tried was excellent and unusual (the thyme, cayenne agave drink in particular).  Food: Spreads and honey-braised chicken wings were definitely the highlights. Our entrees (lamb loin and belly and the mahi mahi) were delicious, but the appetizers wowed. My only regret was not ordering more of the starters.   Aziza is a really special spot and a breath of fresh air in today's SF dining scene. Highly, highly recommend.  

                Wow! I love this place. I guess you would call this a Modern Moroccan.  While not traditional, this is by far the best Moroccan inspired restaurant I have eaten at.  The decor and ambiance are excellent. The service attentive. The food was outstanding.  Favorites here:  Boneless chicken wings - The whole chicken wing minus the bones with a tasty marinade - a great start to the meal  Duck confit basteeya with raisin and almond - awesome  Lamb loin and lamb belly - very good.  

                Perfect place for occasions.  It has a comfortable lounge seating with a cozy ambience.  We came here for my husband's birthday dinner and loved the food and service here. They were prompt in their service and made sure that we got all our orders on time. If you love cocktails this is the place to go.  

                The best restoration in San Fran!  The soup is great!!!  I really recommend this restoration (:  

                Aziza is atmospheric Moroccan and popular and has already been reviewed enough to give one the idea of the masses. Only because I dissent with the "everything is amazing" narrative do I wade into the fray.  Cocktails ($12) are inventive and excellent. Cardamom and r(h)um worked out excellently. If you don't drink, I wouldn't advise coming here at all based on the following.  What is of interest if you have any traditionalists in your dinner party is that Aziza does not serve standard soft drinks. This was a doomed family excursion from the moment the waiter informed my parents that they were the kind of restaurant that did not carry Diet Coke because they didn't want to carry fructose-bearing drinks. (This doesn't make any sense in this specific case, but I digress.)  Doom was further solidified by charging $15 for an amount of flatbread insufficient to enjoy the various spreads and another $3 for more bread.  So why would I still recommend Aziza? The duck basteeya ($24) with duck between layers of phyllo and mixed with cinnamon and other spices is worth the hype and makes for a deliciously unhealthy main or a bar snack to share.  Even among the hen and both lamb mains and the black sesame sponge cake and vanilla semifreddo desserts it was the only item worth the hype.  I'm not excited to visit Aziza again for a full-on meal, but if I found myself in the neighborhood (unlikely in Outer Richmond, I know) I'd definitely stop in at the bar for a drink and a duck.  

                The food was very good, but not worth the price.   The duck in pastry was very good, as was the lamb. The dips were great, and the chicken wings are surprising (in a good away).   Service was very slow unfortunately.  

                12TH & 13TH MICHELIN STAR EXPERIENCE: TWICE IN 1 WEEK  The title says it all. I first went here last week Thursday night. Then I went again last Thursday night. Why did I go twice? Instead of writing an original review then an updated review I'm writing both visits in this one review.  3/6/2014: 12TH MICHELIN STAR EXPERIENCE Two Thursdays ago was pay day. I came here to eat dinner. Aziza was one of the Michelin Star restaurants that is considered to be one of the more affordable ones in the Bay Area: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.businessinsider.com%2Fcheapest-michelin-starred-restaurants-in-san-francisco-bay-area-2012-5%3Fop%3D1&s=7872d29667bfad025d6d1d5366b5b1b6f7123197529b93a6f955a2ea8c2f2d00" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">businessinsider.com/chea…</a>. Based on the link my budget was $54. I looked at their menu online and was intrigued with the sturgeon. When I got there the sturgeon wasn't on the menu. For the main course my final choices I decided were a local shark of the coast, lamb loin, or lamb shank. I eliminated the local shark as I wanted to try a course that was traditional Moroccan. My choices were either lamb loin or the lamb shank. The waiter described the lamb loin is similar to what I had at Luce - it included a crispy lamb belly. I was reluctant at first to get it, but I thought if I needed to compare Michelin Star restaurants I needed to get this dish to evaluate the difference of those two Michelin Star restaurants. The loin was tender and lamb belly had similar texture to pork. The dish isn't quite the exact replicate at Luce but very similar. Because of these similarities I regretted getting this dish. But what made the night was the dessert - a hibiscus sorbet with ganache and goat yogurt. The portion of this dessert was like the size of a banana split sundae. The hibiscus sorbet with goat yogurt ranks as one of the top two desserts I ever had. The other was the foie gras mousse topped with candied foie gras at Incanto during the 2012 Head to Tail Menu. I can see why the pastry chef at Aziza, Melissa Chou, has been nominated as a James Beard Award as Best Pastry Chef several times. She is more talented than Elizabeth Faulkner formerly of Citizen Cake. There are three layers of contrasting textures: hibiscus sorbet, ganache, and goat yogurt. The sourness of the ganache acts as contrasting texture to the sweetness of the hibiscus sorbet. The sweetness of the raspberry acts as a contrasting texture to the saltiness of the goat yogurt. This dessert had a level of taste depth that I never had in a dessert before. After eating the dessert I was stuffed. For two dishes I paid, including tip, $53.29, which falls right underneath the budget. However something was missing. If I had base my rating on these two dishes it be between 3 stars or 4 stars; the 3 stars for the lamb belly but a 4 stars for the dessert.  So I decided to come back here again for the following reasons: 1) I paid under $54. 2) I wanted to find out what Moroccan cuisine really was. 3) Mourad Lahlou defeated Cat Cora in Iron Chef America by the largest margin ever. (As Anthony Bourdain questioned how is Cat Cora an Iron Chef? I agree. Is she better than Michelin Star chefs Nancy Oakes of Boulevard or Dominique Creen, the only Two-Michelin Star female chef in the US? No.)  3/13/2014: 13TH MICHELIN STAR EXPERIENCE I wasn't going to worry about spending a little more than $54, but at the same time I knew I wasn't going to get the tasting menu. I knew right away what I wanted to order. For the first course I ordered the duck confit basteeya. The term savory-sweet is overused but this dish fits that mold. The sweetness of the golden raisin contrasts with the savoriness of the duck confit. The sweetness of the powdered sugar contrasts with the savoriness of the filo dough. The second dish was the lamb shank with barley and arugula. The meat of the lamb shank was so tender that it fell of the bone. Sometimes meat that fall of the bone can be dry such as pulled pork, which I'm not a big fan of. The meat of the lamb shank was tender and juicy. After eating these two dishes I was more satisfied than the first time I went. As the saying goes "you went to the well too often". My intent was too order those two dishes that I felt represented Moroccan cuisine. I then ordered dessert, a date torte since date is used in Moroccan cuisine. I wasn't sure if this dessert would equal or top the dessert I had the previous week. The date torte was a disappointment because of the small size and the lack of taste depth. For those 3 dishes I paid including tip $76.  Overall a 4-star rating for both nights was appropriate. The only one negative I feel is the tasting menu - it seems too classical French in service. I think the a la carte menu has a potential to be developed more to promote Moroccan cuisine. Aziza is the first Moroccan restaurant to be a Michelin Star. Who knows this restaurant might inspire a future Filipino chef to have its restaurant be the first Filipino restaurant to garner a Michelin Star? Don't look at me. I can cook, but not that well.  

                We wanted a special night out. So, I did some yelp research and decided we were going to this restaurant and we were going to spend some money.  We made a reservation and when we arrived, our table was ready and patiently anticipating our arrival. (Yay for promptness!)  We got wine - which tasted just fine to me (I don't mind boxed wine though). It came out rapidly (always appreciate getting booze into my system in a timely manner).   Okay, so I can't have gluten. But I could not resist their bread (even though I had a mild allergic reaction). It totally was worth it. I have no regrets. I would eat that bread again and suffer the consequences.   We ordered cornish game hen and the pork and we both licked our plates clean. At the end, we ordered two desserts and were really impressed. The chefs there really are artists -  they use just the right amount of things like caraway seeds in a dessert to make it taste good! Yeah, I know - you'd think that would be gross, but I assure you - it was quite delicious  The service was a bit hipster-ish but they did a really nice job. They said things like "And was that to your liking madam?" "Did you find the cornish game hen satisfactory?" The servers made it a "special" night for us. It kind of felt like having my own personal butler. As a result of this place, I am starting to like hipsters now.   Also, a great romantic atmosphere with dim lighting (I appreciate that as I look good in dim lighting), and cool Moroccan archways.  I don't have any suggestions for what they could do better. I would take out of town friends here to show them the San Francisco food and what non-angry hipsters are like.  

                My three stars reflects my expectations of a Michelin star restaurant.  And Aziza fell very short on that scale.  I've been meaning to return to this place since 2006 - when I had a fabulous moroccan meal.  Today, it's kinda moroccan, kinda asian and very confusing.  We opted for the a la carte, which I think is the way to go here. The spreads made for a pretty plate and are smooth and creamy.  The chicken wings were amazing! Lentil soup lacked flavor. I got the lamb shank and it was just ok - doesn't beat the lamb at Foreign Cinema.  All in all this was a pretty forgettable experience not helped by the dated decor and awkward layout of the place.  One star for the great cocktails.  We skipped dessert and opted for ice cream cake.  

                On the plus side: the spread was really tasty as well as the champagne we started with. And the service very good. On the minus side: poor lamb shank with a splitting bone (= bad meat quality) and unremarkable taste, so so couscous - we miss the Parisian ones - and mediocre dessert. Oh well...  

                a michelin star restaurant at a price most folks can afford  service prompt/attentive, food delicious, yes you do want that lamb shank, drinks are good and inventive, decor is tasteful  unfortunately, parking in this part of town can be a hassle, but thats not really the restaurant's fault  

                LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE  My First visit to San Francisco required a pilgrimage to the restaurant I had read about  time and time again. However, when a restaurant has been around for as long as Aziza, and received as many great reviews, I become quite skeptical and expect a commercial and overrated meal.   What a fool I was... I can't say I have enjoyed a Moroccan meal like this before! Absolute perfection!    Duck confit and the chicken wings for starters were amazing! A must!  The brazino was wonderful and the short ribs... well, nothing short of exquisite.   Despite being a Michelin star restaurant, the meal was not fussy and pretentious. It was simple and elegant flavors that delight the palate. Service was also very, very noteworthy!  We finished with pecan crémeaux and the fig ice cream.  Can't wait to be back!  

                I came here for a birthday dinner, and it's a nice place although a bit dark.  Service was great, our waiter was very friendly. We ordered the flat bread for appetizer.  While the spreads were a bit weird tasting, the flat bread is delicious.  I ordered the Duck confit basteeya for my main dish and it was delicious although a bit dry.  It's a mixture of duck and almonds in a crispy pastry.  My friend had the Market fish halibut.  The fish was done perfectly and the beans on the side was nice and sweet.  

                Showed up on a Monday night for dinner without a reservation. There were plenty of open tables so we got seated right away.  We opted for the tasting menu which was $115 per person and a lot of courses. The tasting menu has to be ordered for the whole table.  The first course was snacks. Which was four courses of single bite items. I don't remember what was in each item exactly and their menu didn't really go into detail so here's my best guess.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw#M-bEcIWx_rmHLVkGarUrdA">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a> This was some kind of roasted root (I think it may have been lentil?) covered in pepper. It tasted pretty good, not something I would order a la carte but very unique.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw#QMt3wPuCE20CzAPj1gq6Pw">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a> Oysters with some kind of foam and a drop of mustard on top. I remember him saying that there was mustard but I couldn't really taste it. It wasn't bad and I don't even like oysters.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw#hOG_sb8gDU7gYPyzRNZp3Q">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a> A cracker with roe on it. This was really fishy for me but it's also something I would never order for myself.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw#5DHC-s19xCeKG-bw36cgkA">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a> Fried corn fritters. These were sooooo good. They're kind of like creamy croquettes.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw#5mWAknxImm0KYJ-FKe0Eaw">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a> This was the first I guess appetizer course after the snacks. It was a beet with sweetbread. It was pretty good. I particularly liked the leaf (I believe it was dehydrated). It tasted like tea and was very crispy.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw#RNIiwbVt0H0qGEU6eUloXA">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a> Flower salad. There was a goop of mousse on the bottom that tasted pretty good mixed with the flowers. I believe the waiter said the salad was sprayed with an argon mist. Never ate anything like this before.   <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw#qxcDNz-U0ouL7gcPPRLuXg">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a> This was a black cod. The fish was very smooth but a bit fishy for my taste. I really liked the onions on the side though.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw#HfkSbfTmGXbyG5dnZvnsYg">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a> Poached hen egg on top of a lamb belly hash all resting on some kind of cream. The presentation of this dish was great. It came in a little candle jar with a lid and it was filled with apple wood smoke so when you first open it you get a lot of smoke but it dissipates quickly. This was probably my favorite dish of the night!  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw#_2gYk56Huo8WY9ueQs1_cg">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a> Couscous with peas.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw#Yj4Tt9tjmGBSyQ_oF3uySQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a> The duck basteeya. It was like a perfectly fried springroll filled with duck meat. The roll was a bit too hot to eat in terms of temperature but a pretty good dish nonetheless.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw#TYT7iBIXWqkK0_oNDGU3yw">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a> Beef with a turnip and a huckleberry drop. Pretty good, the beef pieces were tougher than they look.  Our palate cleanser was a blackberry sorbet. It was so good that I forgot to take a picture.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw#YTBs0wx1Tu-dRTXeT0aj1A">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a> This was the Olio Nuovo. Pretty much layers of cream and chocolate and other things. Pretty good but very unique flavors. What threw me off about this dish is that it didn't feel like a desert because it was very salty.   We ended the meal with a bunch of smaller sweet things but the only one I took a picture off were the sugar puffs. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aziza-san-francisco?select=E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw#E23EscVlWWp8JAMOYooHxw">yelp.com/biz_photos/aziz…</a>  Overall I loved the experience here. The service was great, they explained each dish to us and checked in on us frequently. The food was very unique and overall pretty delicious.  

                We were seated at a table closest to the restrooms... There were other tables available not next to he restroom and kitchen. No effort was made to consider us as a new patrons. The wait person is efficient and effective: not warm and fuzzy. We will wait and see if the food is worth the effort.  

                Very sad to give this place such a low rating... First time we came here was in Fall 2010, because this place had a Michelin Star (it has kept their star since then) and because we wanted to try something new. We got the tasting menu and this place had left an amazing memory. Amazing enough for us to come back almost 4 years later.  All I have to say is I wish we'd never come back and just kept that amazing memory that we had from 4 years ago. First and the most important thing: My friend got a VERY bad food poisoning from their Basteeya. Second, the food didn't really "wow" us the way it did last time Third, it's IMPOSSIBLY hot inside Fourth, the parking is a BI@#$ to find, even late at night Fifth, (going to repeat that) my friend got a FOOD POISONING that lasted 4 DAYS!!!!!!!! Seriously?!  I saw the review from someone else that they got a food poisoning and thought to myself that it's absolutely ridiculous, how can someone get a food poisoning at a Michelin star restaurant, well I guess you can...  Oh, for those of you who follow my reviews: the food was so meh, that my sister (who LOVES, LOVES, LOVES trying new desserts) suggested that we get mango sticky rice at a hookah place what we like going to instead of Aziza :( That doesn't happen.  

                Went there with a good friend, and I was impressed. The ambiance is cozy, but would stick with friends, not the most romantic setting. The food is excellent, appetizers to share and very good entrees, I loved the black cod and the bass. They have a short list of specialty cocktails and I enjoyed the vodka based ones. Decent wine list, could be better.  A bit pricey  

                Had a lovely dinner at Aziza with some friends.   To start we had the grilled pita bread and "Spreads" which was a ground pine nut butter, yogurt-dill, and a tomato pepper puree. They were all really flavorful.   We also shared the "duck confit basteeya." It was really delicious. It was duck confit, shredded and baked in a philo dough shell.  Though it took a while to make, but it was worth waiting for. One order was enough to share with four people.  The entrees that I shared were the "couscous" and the "cornish hen". The couscous was delicious. It was light and fluffy and had lots of great vegetables. The cornish hen was complimented with caramelized onions,  potatoes and mushrooms. Before serving, they poured a light chicken consomme over it. Everything was aromatic and delicious.  For dessert, I shared the chocolate mousse and a dessert with apples and oatmeal ice cream. The chocolate mousse was light and airy and delicious. The oatmeal ice cream really tasted like oatmeal but it was cold and sweet and creamy like ice cream. It was wonderful and had a great mouth feel.  

                My New Year's resolution is to try not to overeat all the time. And I have certainly come to the right place. The appetizers are petite, but the raw fish dish was as heavenly delicious as the presentation.  There is quite a variation in portion size among the main entrees. Please consider telling the server in terms of how hungry you are in choosing the dishes. Our main server was cold, arrogant and unhelpful, but an assistant from Synagogue made up for it. We had a nice chat. We even practiced some Chinese, haha:)  

                The recent spike in the price of the tasting menu suggests that management has finally realized that they were leaving money on the table, for at $ 95 pp, Aziza offered one of the best value tasting menus I've had in years.  The charm of the experience at Aziza is that you don't really know what to expect. This starts from the moment you enter the restaurant and appreciate a contemporary presentation of traditional Moroccan décor to the romantic ambience and mood lighting that makes you feel all warm and fuzzy much before the expertly crafted cocktails have made their way to the table.  The meal starts with a bite of a light and airy rice cracker, and immediately you realize that you're going to embark on a meal punctuated by an array of textures, subtle notes, fresh ingredients, creative pairings, and beautiful presentation that all reflect a remarkable attention to detail. So, not knowing what to expect, I left the restaurant blown away by the artistry of the executive chef, Mourad Lahlou.    It's probably best to let the pictures describe the meal, and as the menu evolves continuously to reflect seasonal ingredients, list down the breadth of flavors offered in my tasting menu:  1st course: rice cracker, yogurt, smoked steelhead roe 2nd course: eggplant, capers, tomato, gypsy pepper 3rd course: rutabaga custard, turnip, ginger, blackberry, radish 4th course: octopus, potato, sherry, olive, shallot 5th course: scallop, endive, peach-mustard relish, almond 6th course: egg, smoked potato, chicken crackling, carrot jam 7th course: quail, shrimp, fava, basil, onion, charmoula 8th course: duck confit basteeya, pluot, kohlrabi, almond 9th course: beef, fig, cauliflower, brown butter, bitter chocolate 10th course: chamomile cream, elderflower fritter, St. Germain veil 11th course: semolina cake, coffee, sesame ganache  One should expect such a feast to take its time, and I was there for close to 3 hours. I must advise caution to prospective diners who are unable to resist the charms of the romantic ambience and the delightful food especially after a few drinks. For a moment, I too thought I was imagining things while waiting outside the rest room. I had chivalrously let a girl walk in first, and as I waited outside, tried to warn a guy following her that the rest room was occupied. He turned to smile at me, and walked inside. As I didn't hear any commotion, I cursed under my breath both the low lighting and the multiple drinks of lavender orange blossom honey gin and tamarind cumin mezcal that I had imbibed in the past few hours. Turns out I wasn't imagining things, as after 7 minutes, the girl and the guy walk out of the rest room together, and try to straighten their clothes. Heck, I don't think I'm a prude, but that's probably the first time I've seen that happen at a high end restaurant.... Stay Classy, San Francisco ;)  

                We ate at Aziza last night in a group of 6. Although we made a reservation several months in advance, they put us in an awkward location in the back room of the restaurant which didn't do much for the ambiance. There was no music playing until about halfway through our meal (I think our server overheard us commenting at the lack of atmosphere/life/music in the place and he then put on music).   Aziza has been on my list of places to go to in SF ever since I moved here 3 years ago. As it's inconveniently located in the Outer Richmond, it's taken us a while to check this off our list. I've been to Marrakesh, and I love Moroccan food. We were so excited to finally make the effort to go here, plus the one michelin star on a Moroccan restaurant was a bonus.   The staff was friendly, but not much for "service recovery". I work in the industry and often go out for fine dining, so maybe I had higher expectations. As an example, we ordered a magnum of wine, and after 10 min of patiently waiting, our server (Lars) came back and said they couldn't find the bottle. Instead of proposing  the next bottle up on the menu but giving it to us at the same price (ie it's called "service recovery"), he simply just asked what else we wanted to drink. We ended up ordering much more expensive drinks, but didn't comment to him about it. We then got started reviewing the menu with what we wanted to eat for starters around the table.   Speaking of the menu - what a mess of paper all over the table! There was a menu for the tasting, wine by the glass, by the bottle, cocktails, dinner, etc - totally annoying to sift through over 5 pieces of paper to figure out what to order. Plus, there was 6 of us at the table, but only 2 copies of certain menus, so we're all trying to figure out what we want but couldn't each really see the options all at once. I realize this sounds juvenile - but that's just stupid.  Lars asked if we were ready to order dinner. We weren't ready to order dinner, but knew what we wanted for appetizers (still hadn't had time to figure out the cocktail situation through the mess of paper menus). I kindly asked Lars if we could put in an order for appetizers and then have him come back to take our dinner order. He actually had the nerve to say "No, I prefer to take your order all at once" and it wasn't because he could focus on coursing the meal for our enjoyment, it was "because it gets too confusing to figure out which menus to remove from the table". Literally, our jaws just dropped and no one said anything at the table. I have never had a server tell me I can't put in an order for appetizers while I figure out what else I want for dinner. Obviously, the look on our faces said it all. There was radio silence after he said "No" to me. He recovered by saying "okay, what would you like to start with?". I just smiled and said "the olives, two orders of the spreads, and the chicken wings". He then left to put in that order.  After a few mins, he came back and took our dinner order and removed all the paper menus. That was annoying since I had set aside two of the cocktail/wine menus and he even grabbed those (this resulted in me having to ask for them again).   Appetizers came out promptly. The two guys that delivered them were terrible. I wanted someone to explain them to me slowly and clearly so I could appreciate the meal (this is supposed to be a michelin star dining experience). One guy didn't say anything as the other one did the talking, and he spoke too fast. I asked him to repeat it, but it was just as fast. Half of us at the table still had no idea what he said. And, without menus, I had no idea what some of the flavor accents were. This is a dis-service to the chef. We thoroughly enjoyed the appetizers, and were wondering what we were eating that we really enjoyed so much.  Dinner was a big disappointment. The lamb shank was great and melted off the bone. The market fish was the cod, and was a terribly small portion. Typically, you expect 3-5oz, this was less maybe 1.5oz. There was 1 brussel sprout (split in half) and 1 small lump crab. Super disappointing. You couldn't really enjoy what you were tasting as there wasn't really much to take a good 2nd/3rd bite. We think they ran out of this in the kitchen, and compromised quality/experience instead of telling us.  We ordered dessert (the sponge cake was great). We ordered tea, too, and it never came out. We had to remind Lars to take it off the bill as he didn't even realize it never came out. He didn't apologize.  We still tipped him 20% as we're in the industry and understand, but honestly, we will never go back to Aziza again.   By the way, this is not really traditional Moroccan food. You're better off going to El Mansour which is also in the Outer Richmond.  

                Sad to say, Aziza was a disappointment.  Heard the portions used to be gigantic. The night I dined here, full of anticipation (on account of the Eater list naming it one of 38 Essential SF Restaurants), the plates were so small that we left still feeling hungry. To be fair, our waiter recommended we each order an appetizer and an entree. Seemed like overkill at the time, but no -- take this advice seriously.  I started out with a cocktail at the bar -- adorable set-up, cute crowd and interesting decor. Loved how the drinks menu was separated based on your choice of liquor -- I zeroed in on the gin section and ordered myself a drink with cucumber and pimms. Unfortunately, it didn't taste as good as it sounds ... it was way too sweet.   As for the food: - Spreads (chickpea, yogurt-dill, piquillo-almond) = By far our favorite appetizer. The spreads were creamy and satisfying. But they gave us a laughably small basket of flatbread. These were crisped to perfection and delicious, but they were gone within seconds. We had to order a second order of flatbread (which, by the way, costs additional $$). - Chicken wings (sunchoke, currant, garlic, celery) = How can you go wrong, right? We were dismayed to get not wings, but cute (as in tiny) slivers of chicken meat. Yes, the flavor was there, but they actually reminded me of Chinese-cooked wings (minus the portions) ... aka I could've gotten 'em for dirt-cheap somewhere else. - Cheese plate (peach, dijon, pickled pearl onion, herbs) = Meh. Love me some goat cheese, and it was great, but again ... limited portions.  - Lamb shank (barley, prune, saffron) = Tender meat falling off the bone, cooked to perfection. Great all-around. - Couscous (shelling beans, squash, fig, urfa) = The one thing I would come back for. This dish was phenomenal -- the best couscous I've had in my life. I loved the texture of the figs.   Would only come back for the couscous -- and would be happy ordering just that, and nothing else. Seems like the tasting menu ($95/person) comes with a lot more food and might provide the better dining experience. If you're intent on coming here, perhaps opt for that option instead.  

                Trying Moroccan food is definitely out of my comfort zone and Aziza didn't disappoint. In the essence of honesty, we ate there in July (yes, my review is overdue!) so while my memory may not be great, I could only remember 2 of the (4) dishes ordered.  The warm pita, excuse me...flat-bread, with different spreads (hummus, yogurt-dill, and piquillo-almonds) were great. I'm a sucker for anything with dill so that was my favorite. The flat-bread was served warm (unexpected but oh so lovey.) The ratio of spreads to bread is a bit off - we ordered more bread (can't let the spreads go to waste). The lamb was so succulent and moist, I recommend this too.   The restaurant is fun - everything from the decor to the music and our server was also great (made some recommendations which were helpful). The only negative was the noise factor. There were a lot of people in the restaurant and the ceilings were high...so not sure if that contributed. It didn't help that the bar was right next to us and they were making drinks (with a lot of clatter from the glasses & mixer/ice). I do have to give a nod to the kitchen staff for getting food to us so quickly - there were a lot of people and it took some time before the waiter took our order (not because he was slow but because he was slammed) so thanks for the speedy service and the quality in which the food was prepared.  

                It had been a really long time since I last dined here and I was eager to come back but with all the fabulous places in the bay area, it took me a while to make my way back.  As soon as we arrived, we were seated. We decided to do the tasting menu ($115) and what a mistake that turned out to be. We ordered cocktails which luckily were still as great as they always have been but that was the only thing.   It took about 30 minutes for the first bite to come out and even longer for our first round of cocktails. It took 2 whole hours for 2 bites, and when I say bites, I literally mean a bite. We were starving half to death and buzzed because by then we had already had another round of drinks. It got to the point that the meal ended up taking 4.5 hours which was absolutely ridiculous.  Some of the dishes were awesome, some were disgusting and most were just mediocre. The desserts were all just mediocre. So at the end of this nightmare, a sugar puff appears. The 3 of us sit there just looking at each other wondering if we are each supposed to get one, how are we supposed to eat this and who knows what else. So I decide to reach out with my bare hands because they of course didn't bring us any utensils, and I burn my fingers trying to break a piece of this puff apart. So now my fingers are covered in sugar, the puff is hot as hell and we're left trying to flag down a waiter to bring us something to eat this with.  To make a long story short, someone who was dining with us posted a photo of the puff on another site and made a comment about how odd and difficult it was to eat. The pastry chef actually replied with an attitude and sarcasm and went on and on about wanting to make this family style. OK...so everything was individually portioned including several desserts but then she decides to bring out a piping hot sugar puff at the end with no utensils or explanations so that her customers can burn their fingers off and have them covered in sugar... Yeah, that was pure genius and it definitely conveyed the message...not. Needless to say, I don't know how Aziza has managed to keep their ONE Michelin star with this type of service and quality. I won't be returning.  

                Long overdue review.   Came here on a bday evening. They've got an area in the front(a lot of movement there - also with a bar) and another a little at the back (which is much quieter) - so decide on your table depending on the occasion.   Food: We had their spreads as starter - flatbread with 3-4 different kinds of spreads. This was brilliant! (you can also order extra breads - they're so good u'l definitely want to :))  We then had the duck confit and lamb shank as entrees. The duck was really good. I've had better lamb shanks elsewhere but it was good too.   Wine selection was good too.   Experience: Presentation was nice. A different cook (probably assistants?) brings out each dish and  explains whats in it with immense detail - loved this part.   Good place to be for a special day.  

                Aziza has always been special to me. I've had a few of my best meals there. And cocktails were always the most creative. Anyone who ask me, Aziza would always be one of the first places I recommend.  Unfortunately my last visit really changed my mind. The service was extremely slow and the food no longer tasted like it did before. Luckily the cocktails were still as great as I remember them.  We had the tasting menu ($115/pp) and was told it would take about 2.5 hours. It ended up taking 4.5 hours. There were many uncomfortable time gaps in between courses. We were so hungry, we had to ask for some bread.  When our lamb course came out, I thought it was weird that it was so dry. Later we realized the other tables had a tableside jus that was poured on when dishes were brought out. They forgot ours.  When all these issues were brought to our server's attention, all we got was an apology. I understand it wasn't all his fault but we didn't see any efforts to rectify any of the problems either.  

                Delicious food great service! Great for parties or romantic dinner.    I was thinking of how many stars I'd give and couldn't find anything wrong except the price in this part of town.  So I have them a 5, they deserved it.  Small and expensive portions but great presentation.  You wouldn't call it exactly Moroccan cuisine, but rather Moroccan fusion.  Staff is trained to be impeccable.  Every time you left the table they would neatly fold your napkin.  Also they completely changed silverware moving from appetizers to entrees part.  Our waitress saw an elderly person trying to make it from the bathroom to the table, and helped her.    Inside was very nice too.  There is a bigger room that looks emptier and two smaller rooms that are cozier.  The decor carried Moroccan/ Arabic motif, semi-dark environment, overall very pleasant.  Drinks were on the expensive side. $12-14 per glass of wine.    Nice touch, the water they gave you, had cucumber flavor to it.  We ordered many things and shared among 9 of us.  Olive and almond appetizer - warm olives, cooked almonds.  Unusual combo, great taste.   Spreads with warm pita bread - delicious,  pita bread baked right there.  Just a few small mounds of 3 different spreads, pistachio, piquillo, cucumber and yogurt.  Appetizer of beets, red and yellow and plum.  Scanty but amazing  presentation.  Appetizer of duck egg and warm roasted cucumber.  Unusual, but in terms of taste was was ok .  Lentil soup - great.  Lamb shank looked great and meat was very tender  Beef - great presentation and tender and yummy.  Our bill was about $390 ( with a bottle if wine) without tip for 9 people.  We really enjoyed our evening!  

                A real San Francisco gem. Great ambiance and fantastic cocktails. The spreads are to die for. I love the fact that this place is tucked away deep into the residential Richmond neighborhood, further adding to its understated charm. Well deserving of its Michelin star and one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  

                We came to Aziza with high expectations for a special occasion. Unfortunately, we left with nothing but total disappointment in every aspect of our dinner experience.   First, the ambiance: a little cold and empty feeling, nothing special. Next the service: slow and pretty inattentive. The waiter convinced us that we should order their "famous" cocktails, and when we did, we had to wait over 30 minutes to get them (once we had already finished our appetizer).   And this takes us to the cocktails: Not quite sure what they're are "famous" for, but it certainly can't be the taste. The presentation was nice, but that's where the good news ended. My cocktail (a vodka, cilantro type deal) tasted like industrial cleaner mixed with apple shnapps, and was undrinkable (thankfully, the waiter took it off our tab). My girlfriend had a mango, gin, and coconut juice drink. While it wasn't as bad was my cleaning agent drink, it tasted like a watered down mango juice and certainly was not worth the price or wait.   And now the food. We've been to plenty of fine-dining restaurants as well as a handful of Moroccan restaurants (btw, if you want great Moroccan fine dining, check out Tagine in Los Angeles), and this food ranks pretty close to the bottom. Surprising because of the Michelin star and all (which is frankly, a mystery to us). This is what we had:   - Appetizers: spreads with flat bread and the basteeya. The spreads were not bad and flat bread was quite tasty, but it took at least 20 -25 mins before they brought out the next dish. The basteeya (a duck confit pastry with raisins and almonds) was also tasty, but needed more flavor. The basteeya was probably the best thing we ate there.   - Main course: We got the lamb loin and cornish hen. The presentation was nice, but a restaurant can only get away with good presentation if the food can back it up. This wasn't the case here. It was all around pretty bland, and we didn't even finish the food (very rarely do we have this problem).   - Dessert: nothing. We were already in the hole $148 for a sub-par experience and we figured we'd cut our losses and get the heck outta there.  I'd give Aziza two stars, but the price to experience ratio drops it down to one.  

                Food is absolutely fantastic! Very impressed with every course. Would readily recommend to everyone.  

                Food was delicious. The ambiance was warm. We split a bunch of things like olives, beet salad, couscous. The wine was super pricey.  

                Great food:  Some dishes were good but not any different than what you might find at other fine dining establishments.  Other dishes were one of a kind.  Service was just so-so as I think they were understaffed   We came for dinner on a Sunday night.  The restaurant was busy but not full.   Main: Beef w/celery, blueberry, mushrooms:  The hands-down winner of the dishes we tried.  Beef was tender and flavorful.  Lamb shank:  Runner up; was very well prepared.   Lamb Loin:  Large portion was good but more typical preparation.  Market Fish (black cod):  pan fried with corn, tomato.  Was ok but nothing special. TINY portion (two 2 x 2 pieces of fish) for the price.  Not worth it!!  Appetizers:   Tomato with Razor Clams.  WOW.  Never had anything like it before.  Fresh and sweet.    Spreads appetizer on flat bread:  unique and delicious  Desserts: Vanilla Semifreddo:  The WINNER.  Great texture, not too sweet, perfect ending for the evening meal.  Raspberry Sorbet with goat cheese yogurt:  I am not a fan of goat anything, but this yogurt was wonderful, subtle and fresh.  Black sesame sponge cake:  The cardamom is a bit of a surprise, but it grows on you.  Looking forward to another visit when the menu changes up!  

                Had a reservation for dinner here tonight. They decided to close due to "hellastorm", which is cool except they didn't bother to contact anyone with a reservation to let them know. We wasted $30 each getting to and from this restaurant for no reason.  

                Once upon a time, my ex-girlfriend made out with one of the bartenders at Aziza.   So...anyway...once this information was revealed en route to Aziza, I walked in dying to hate the place. Wouldn't you feel the same way? I almost hoped I got food poisoning from the drinks so I could get the bartender fired. Was Mr. Smooches even working that night? Who knows, but I'm fine with some collateral damage. I was plotting my 1-star Yelp review before we even sat down.  Our meal arrived and, to my horror, the food was excellent. The bartender-in-question was indeed working and gave us free drinks--presumably poisoned, but tasted great anyway (in retrospect, I can begin to see how he pulled off his past deeds). It was dine-about-town, and the prefix menu was highlighted by their meatballs with jicama and grape and the lamb shank. Both are outstanding. The atmosphere is dim and romantic, which is one reason I refused to go to the bathroom even though I was about to wet my pants. You think I was going to leave her with that bartender? No way. I would have sooner peed on the floor.  I guess I am obligated to kiss and tell: for its atmosphere, for its food, and even for its bar-tending, this place deserves its Michelin star.  

                With 3 rooms & remote location, it's easier getting a resi here. As soon as you enter you're treated as a special guest. Our quirky waiter knew the fine nuances of the food and described them w gusto.   We didn't choose the tasting menu, but there was 1 for ~$98. We had our socks blown off w the signature duck basteeya (round, not egg roll). My date had the market fish, which was sole, perfectly cooked w the best intricately flavored (trumpet?) mushrooms ever. My Cornish hen dish was less satisfactory w the white meat a little dry and no wowzer taste. Not recommended. We fully enjoyed our lavender rum & peach pisco cocktails. While food was yum, don't expect huge Moroccan taste. This is upscale SF cuisine w a slight Moroccan twist.  

                I've heard Michael Bauer raving about Aziza when he was on the Ronn Owens show and have been meaning to visit this place so finally we did on New Year's day. It was truly a great experience.  A non assuming restaurant serving very tasty food with professional yet friendly service.  For starters we had the lentil soup, the assorted spreads, the duck confit basteeya and the beets, they were all well presented and remarkably tasty.  For our main entrees we had the lamb shank and the ribeye. The lamb was very good but my steak was not too inspiring.  For dessert we shared the black sesame cake and it was incredible!  Our server Sonja along with her support staff were all very professional, our water glasses were always full.  Soiled dishes were immediately removed but not a single person was hovering over us!  Bravo service staff!!!  We will highly and gladly recommend this wonderful restaurant to our friends and family.  

                I am truly bummed to give Aziza a bad review. The food is amazing and it's been one of my favorite restaurants in SF for many years - which was why I was thrilled to make a reservation for my upcoming birthday. They do not accept online reservations for parties larger than six people (I needed to book a table for 12-14 people) - so I called them, and was told they could accommodate my reservation on the night of my birthday and that someone would call me back to iron out the details.   After three days of not receiving a call, I finally called them only to find that they had booked another party that was larger than mine and were no longer able to accommodate my reservation. Meanwhile, I have already invited all of my guests.   I have raved about this restaurant to people for years, so it's truly a bummer they treated me this way. Despite the amazing food, the crappy way that they dealt with this situation leads me to believe they don't value their customers.  

                Great food, great atmosphere.  

                We went here last night for my husband's birthday. Aziza was on his bucket list but not mine, however. Boy, did I wake up a fan! I love Moroccan food and I had read all the press and reviews, but I still had low expectations. Probably based on the fact that a friend of mine told me recently she didn't like it and I was hoping my husband was going to pick someplace else. I'm glad he didn't! I thought I'd be disappointed in its stray from the traditional, but tradition/schmadition.  We loved our evening, from the warm greeting at the door, the friendly bartenders and the great service. And, the food. Boy, it doesn't get much better. We did the tasting menu and loved each dish. All those little bites added to being stuffed later. Standouts were the hen egg that came in a little pot that looked like we were getting some sort of jelly dish but when they lifted the lid, there was a puff of smoke that revealed a beautiful egg sitting in a tasty bed of magic; and also the basteeya made with duck confit. And, I should add, the flower salad was just beautiful--the best use of edible flowers I've seen. I think the only dish I was mildly disappointed in (and this is comparing it against some really fabulous items) was the beef. Just in comparison, a little boring.  I was also really surprised by the desserts, especially the blackberry sorbet. The presentation was beautiful and when I took a bite, the flavors supporting the sorbet made me a happy camper.  We also loved the wines we had. We didn't do the wine pairing, but the waiter helped us pick two from the list that worked well throughout the meal.  One thing that we loved was how quiet it was. It's a rare thing these days to go to a nice dinner that feels intimate and you're not having to shout to your dining companion. I organize business dinners for my client and have a hard time finding places that would work for him (he's hearing impared) and now feel like I have a new restaurant in my arsenal. Plus, they have valet parking.   It was pretty pricey, more than we expected, but no regrets there. Just wish we had more $$$ to spend so we can go back sooner rather than later.  

                Absolutely excellent meal, no doubt about it. My mom finds meals memorable when there is a memorable conversation paired with great food and my dad loves it when the price is right. My dad told me it was one of the best meals he's ever had and I think it was because he felt like the $98 tasting menu was a steal. I certainly was extremely satisfied with the meal...everything was a huge highlight for me...I loved the opening taste of the carrots, crispy chicken, and the potato caviar. It welcomed my palette into the meal so gently and set the tone really well. Had a beautiful trout as well. Hen egg, couscous, and basteeya were all very unique in taste and texture for me showing off the talented smarts of the dish and kitchen. Steak was a tad off being a bit cold but other than that, the fleet of desserts left a lasting impression including show-stopping olio-nuovo and just the best mignardises ever. Ever. Seriously, I asked for more. Anyhow, Aziza is amazing and I highly recommend it because it is unique from any other kind of dining experience. Moroccan food is crazy good, I can't say that I've tried it before and making it fancy is delightful. The prices are all very reasonable as well which makes me happy! The decor and interior is very impressive and the service was absolutely impeccable. High, high recommendation and nothing but praise from me.  

                Incredible experience. Starting from drinks, appetizers, entrees to dessert.  This place has 1 michelin star, provides a great atmosphere, yet the prices are decent (lamp chop entree was around $25) and service was outstanding.  I went there for my birthday dinner, but given the fact that it is not that "formal", I would highly recommend this place for any date, party or fancy dinner.  The cocktails simply put you on a journey as with the food.  I highly recommend: - Hummus platter - Lentil soup - Lamb chops  - Whiskey cocktails  

                I really wanted to leave Aziza with the feeling of "Wow. That was a fabulous meal." Instead, I left feeling ambivalent. On the one hand, it was a nice meal. On the other hand, there wasn't a dish that was particularly outstanding.   My friend and I went Saturday night at 9:30 for a late dinner. We started with the boneless chicken wings. While they were delicious, the very modest portion size and lackluster ingredients were a bit disappointing when you consider the price ($16). I wasn't expecting something filling, but I was expecting something with a little more flair. The little edible flowers and very thin rings of red pepper added color to the dish, but I was underwhelmed. The presentation was lovely, but the flavors were unimaginative. I ordered the market special which were scallops. These were three large sea scallops. They were seared nicely (just barely light brown) and were prepared medium rare as they should be. Each piece was garnished with thin slices of celery and the celery leaf. The sauce, though very minimal, was lovely. Overall, again it was good, but a bit pedestrian. My friend ordered the steak which was nicely cooked. I remember it being a bit on the saltier side (depending on who you are... that's a good or bad thing). It was nicely presented as well. For dessert, my friend and I shared a date cake. It was fine, but I'd wish we'd saved our money to go elsewhere for dessert. It was not very filling or satisfying. Granted, I understand fine dining isn't for gorging on food, but I felt like each dish at Aziza was less an entree (since Aziza is *not* for small plates or family style) and more like little bites. My cocktail was probably the best thing of the night: gin, mango, coconut water, and (the best part) basil seeds.   Our server was nice and attentive. Aziza is elegantly appointed though a bit dated. While I was there for the food, I couldn't help but notice that a slight facelift might be in order. On the whole, Aziza was "okay." I understand their goal is to serve "Modern Moroccan," but I think I'll stick to the classics and to the mom-and-pop Moroccan restaurants in the Tenderloin.  

                Wonderful flavorful, creative Moroccan fare? Yes please! At Aziza sometimes the smaller plates are so enticing that I never get around to ordering a main dish. And the drinks are equally worth a try (or two). Also love the romantic ambiance - just wish it wasn't so far away from the downtown. And giving 4 not 5 stars as the prices seem slightly steep.  

                I know Aziza has a Michelin star, but for some reason, I was still mildly surprised by the excellent food. Aziza is labelled as Moroccan, but it's really more Moroccan-inspired Californian.   Food: really excellent Ambiance: a little on the dark side of romantic Service: helpful and informative without being overbearing Cocktail list: outstanding and truly inventive.  I'd come back for the cocktails alone.  

                My sweetie and I did the tasting menu with beverage pairing for our anniversary. It was a truly out of this world experience - well worth the 400+ tip price tag.   First of all, I'm veggie and he's not, and they agreed to do a veggie and non veggie tasting menu. I can imagine what a pain it was to prepare 15 simultaneous but different courses! Also the little alcove booths they have are so romantic, and when doing the tasting menu it all arrives in front of you like some kind of show.  An amazing 3 odd hours of decadence.  

                I really liked this one... a lot!!!  The first thing I liked about it was the look.  I like when a restaurant accomplishes that look where it appears that you are dining in someone's home.  Cozy.  Quaint. Welcoming.  The décor is, of course, Moroccan but it's not over the top.  Simple... elegant... pleasing!  We took the waiter's recommendations (she was fabulous throughout) and ordered accordingly.  We had a spread platter which everyone enjoyed.  Chickpea accompanied by yogurt and almond spreads.  It was excellent.  We followed that with an avocado salad, chicken wings and duck confit which were all very good as well.   Very original spices used throughout!  For entrees we had the black cod, short rib and lamb shank. Perfect in every sense, especially the cod which was my favorite!!!  The chocolate mousse and spice bread for dessert was yum!    I also brought a bottle of wine.  They charged $25 corkage fee which was well worth it.  This place is all about the promise of good food and great experience and I think it delivered on that promise.  

                The chef tasting menu is such a treat.  9 courses with just the right amount to really fill you up without killing you.  Wide variety of flavours from seafood to meat.  Everything was top presentation, creative and tasty.  It's not strictly Moroccan, more fusion with Moroccan and Asian influence.  We asked for a booth but did not get one.  We got a face-to-face table in the middle of the front room instead.  Bit of a fish bowl effect.  So when we asked for something more "intimate", we were moved to the back room with nice inlaid round tables and banquette booth (with silk pillows) where we could sit side-by-side.  Much more romantic.  

                A San Francisco dining experience not to be missed!  Expansive flavor set & great, thorough service.  I am glad to have come across an option outside of the French-Japanese infusion type Michelin restaurant. Diversity is great Michelin, points for you.  As you arrive you certainly get the feeling you are walking through a Spice Market in Marrakesh. Colors of the walls, details of the fixtures, and unique prints throughout the restaurant resonate the Moroccan vibe. We were whisked away to our table and quickly ordered some drinks. The cocktail menu in itself is something to rave about. A range of liquors combined with what you would initially think is not typically a great pairing.   So the night went as follows:  Cocktails: Drink #1 - Mango, Coconut Water, Basil Seeds, Gin *Refreshing and light *This drink should come with a beach chair and some sun block  Drink #2 - Lavender, Orange Blossom Honey, Gin *Lavender definitely was not subtle *A bit too floral, rolling through a field of daisies for my liking  Before ordering I had very specific questions about the type and quality of the lamb. I was not trying to test the waitress nor was I trying to come off as a foodie snob. I was really impressed with the reaction and response of the waitress. She replied with no hesitation and no change in inflection and throughly answered my questions to the point where I thought she was the chef in disguise.  Dinner consisted of: Course #1 - Chicken Wings: honey, nigella seed, cashew, serrano chile, yogurt *Portions/flavors/pairing..... very unexpected which made it great *Something else in that honey glaze that turned it up a notch  Course #2 - Couscous: cauliflower, currant, black sesame, harissa, shallot *Not usually a big currant/raisin fan but paired with couscous it wasn't bad *That harrisa is addicting! Not sure if it was homemade, nonetheless I need some  Course #3 - Lamb Shank: barley, squash, pomegranate, arugula *As the others have described it: 'meat falls off the bone' *It was good but I wasn't too excited about the flavors, nothing made it memorable  Course #4 - Duck Confit Basteeya: raisin, almond *IT WILL BLOW YOUR MIND *Duck not overly salty and seasoned accordingly *Soft texture of the duck with the crispy, flaky phyllo dough... awesome *Not to heavily packed as some basteeya's can be  Would I take friends here... Yes Would I take BFFs here... Yes Would I take a 7th date here... Yes Would I recommend this to Thomas Keller... Yes  

                I don't know how I feel about this place. We chose this place due to the rave reviews and amazing photos. However, the taste of the dishes did not deliver and the service was weird. Our waiter was great, the drinks were amazing but dinner was mediocre and the hostess/manager was very rude and abrasive.   Our reservation was at 9:30pm and we were running late 20mins. I gave a courtesy call at 8:30pm but there was no answer, so I left a message and changed my reservation time online on Open Table. The hostess/manager calls and tells me if you are not here by 10pm, we can't serve you. We walked in at 10:01pm and the place was COMPLETELY EMPTY with maybe 2 other tables of 2!!   Condescendingly, the hostess/manager seats us. There was 2-3 tables that were finishing up.  Not gonna lie, we were afraid, is this a sign? Rude hostess/manager and no one in the restaurant besides a select few. The menu was confusing and hard to read. Wine menu was a huge 11x17 page, filled front and back, then a smaller postcard size for wine glass menu. Then a cocktail menu was on another sheet of paper. The dinner menu was half a 8 1/2 X 11 sheet of paper. So total of 4 menus with weird font that is hard to read.   We were discussing that maybe we should leave because we didn't feel welcomed and the place was empty on a Friday night! The entire night we felt rushed. We have to order everything upfront because they were closing and we kept being reminded that they were closing over and over again. Don't forget the drinks are last call (10:45pm). Really? Why did I pay so much money to eat at this place?!! The food was not Moroccan at all. Serving hummus and flat bread does not count as being Moroccan. The hostess/manager kept talking to our waiter and rolling her eyes at everything and staring down customers. I don't know what her problem was but it ruined our vibe. She has negative energy spewing out everywhere. If you hate your job and don't want to be there, get out of the service industry!   I'm note exactly sure how they received a Michelin Star to be honest.  1 Star for our waiter 1 Star for our amazing drinks 1 Star for ok food  -1 Star for the negative Debby downer hostess/manager -1 Star for overall experience  Total 3 Stars  

                The atmosphere here is cozy and romantic and it's great for bringing a date.   The menu is changing regularly here, but the food is delicious and all of the dishes have interesting taste combinations. Especially, I would recommend their basteeyas. Me and my friend even wanted to go back the next day, just to eat them again. The deserts are also different and definitely worth trying!  

                Aziza was a charming place for a date night, and it's definitely worth a try. We ordered the following:  - Lentil Soup: tasty starter; just the right amount of richness and minty-flavor - Spreads: probably my favorite of any dishes because I'm a sucker for bread and the bread was spiced perfectly.  - Couscous: very generous portion. If you are not hungry, don't order.  The only disappointing part of the meal was the dessert menu. At the time, it didn't have any dessert with chocolate. I kind of feel that a menu is incomplete with some sort of chocolate-heavy option.  

                Warning: There was nothing Moroccan about the cuisine, but it was still amazing!  Food: + Lentil Soup- fresh, warm and recommended + Flatbreads + 3 spreads- BEST appetizer on menu; MUST ORDER; pita bread is seasoned so well with spices and olive oil and the spreads give variety; order 3 extra orders of pita bread ahead of time + Goat Cheese platter- PASS; not worth it for the shred of 3 cheeses they put on the large platter in front of you + Chicken Wings- also recommend this! such flavorful and tender chicken + Black Cod- it melts in your mouth good; comes with a few veggies + Short Ribs- wowza! soft like pillows and tasty like nothing else! + Lamb Loin- its prepared very rare, and came out a little tough actually +Couscous- surprisingly delicious for being a bowl of couscous; the only option for vegetarians that night +Chocolate Mousse- PASS; just too tiny and crumbly actually/not smooth +Hazelnut Financier- PASS; also so small we were sharing a bite's worth  Drinks: + Lavender, Orange Blossom Gin- wowowow! lightly sweetened, icy cold cocktail. + Wild Arugula Tequila- want a little spicy kick to your cocktail? order this + Pear Ginger Brandy- another hit;  +Red Bell Pepper- not what i expected; cocktails from vegetables? who woulda thunk +Mango Gin- just get it +Tarragon, Cardamom- see above  Service: + We had the best server I've ever had. I can't express how attentive, kind, not overly verbose, not pushy with any expensive entrees, and pleasant he was. He recommended the best cocktails, and felt like a personal attendee to our meal. Good job!  Ambience: Very unassuming from the outside and extremely dark on the inside. But, it was cool, because the individual lighting on each table meant that you could only see the people in your group and no one else in the restaurant. Also, the tables were massive, so no juggling act of plates constantly!  -Hungry Hungry Pongy  

                Good service and ambiance but food was mediocre and the presentation was very poor especially the beet salad and the strawberry shortcake looked like a child had crushed some cookies and served it on a plate. The spreads were good.  

                Went here for my bday last night and had a great time. The atmosphere, service, cocktails and good were all amazing.  We started with the grapefruit, absinthe, and bourbon cocktail and the Rose vodka cocktail. Both were awesome! Starters: olives and the spreads  Main: sea bass and game hen  My girlfriend asked if the doneness of her game hen looked good and they explained that they cook it medium rare on purpose. She wasn't crazy about it but that's just personal preference. They took it off our bill which they did not have to do at all. When I told them that they did not need to do that they said "we just want you to enjoy yourselves". A lot of restaurants say that but really don't mean it. Aziza means it. They are professional and have AMAZING food. Will be back.  

