                As Janice Litman Goralnik would say, "Oh...My...God!" The food here is soooooo good. I have tried the sandwiches from here before thanks to my boss ordering to-go and bringing me a sandwich home but the 11th was my first time actually going to Bakesale Betty.   My significant other and I came here the other day three minutes before closing time. I was so worried they may have run out of sandwiches since they were almost closed and was kicking myself for not heading over there earlier. I kid you not, our transaction took about a total of ten seconds. We walked in (no line), I ordered two chicken sandwiches and two chocolate chip cookies, paid and stood off to the side to wait for our order. Within a minute we had our to-go order and were out the door.  The chicken sandwich is large and so filling. The chicken is so crispy and juicy. The spicy cole slaw is a perfect addition to the sandwich. I love the jalapenos in the cole slaw. The chocolate cookies are gigantic and filled with a ton of chocolate chips (worth the $1.50!).  Chicken Sandwich: $8.25 Chocolate Chip Cookie: $1.50  Bakesale Betty is on the corner. Free parking across the street in the Walgreens parking lot.  

                Once the go-to for the ultimate fried chicken sandwich, compromise has set in.  The smaller serving size coupled with the limited service hours makes place not worth the trip anymore. Many great chicken sandwiches elsewhere without the drone-like service and unnecessary lines and high price.  

                Still delicious despite the fact it's about half the size from the last time I've eaten here.  When did this happen? It now looks like a chicken sandwich you get from any burger place. They now use hamburger bun. They added tofu to their menu, I asked if they had the brisket and the lady said they took it out of their menu years ago and she's been working there for 3 years now. Wow, has it been that long? However, the chicken with the coleslaw is still how I remember it.  They can make some improvement on the bun, just to make it worth the $9 I spent...that's $9 with no cookie or drink or fries (never on the menu).  

                More like 3 1/2  stars.. but undeserving of just 3.  The chicken was good. Tender, moist, nicely breaded no flavor. Simple but very well cooked.  Bread was soft but nothing special.  Honestly the thing that stood out most for me was the slaw. I'm not a huge fan of coleslaw, I only like it if it's in something or pulled off in a unique way. That slaw is AMAZING. As another reviewer stated, I would be MORE than happy to buy a jar of it! Tangy with spice from fresh jalapeño's, delicious!   The fact I give the sandwhich 3 1/2 stars because as a whole is missing something... Sauce. My boyfriend and I brought "emergency sauce" (chipotle mayo..I know, fucking fatasses) in case it was too dry for our tastes.  To be fair we tried a bite without. Maybe the chicken really was that juicy or the slaw was enough to replace the absence of sauce. Eh not for us. It was decent but there wasn't enough balance of "moisture" with the bread to complete the sandwhich.. at least for us.  We came around 1 on a Thursday. No line, no tables, no problem! There's an elevated curb around the corner with plenty of seating!   Service was super friendly and the workers seemed like they enjoyed their jobs.  They had a very organized assembly line, can't imagine a wait would take too long.  Would I recommend this place? Only if you are a SERIOUS food/sandwhich/chicken connoisseur... or in the area and don't have to wait for more than 15 minutes.  

                It pains me to give only three stars but the fried chicken sandwich has changed too much for more than three.   No better way to eat some emotions at 11 am on a Thursday than with a fried chicken sandwich, right? The sandwich is smaller now, with a regular round firm bun and honestly looks and tastes like a good fast food chicken sandwich. I think most fast food places have a chicken sandwich that tastes very similar, the only difference is the coleslaw. For almost $9 I expected more. The bread to chicken rationwas off, way too much bread. It was lacking flavor, could use more seasoning and aioli or hot sauce already on the sandwich. I doused mine in hot sauce.  Don't get me wrong, it's still a tasty chicken sandwich but nothing to write home about or make a special trip for. I miss the larger sandwich that was two meals for me and unique.   The real winners here are the scones. I rarely see pear and ginger & almond scones. I wish they would sell a mix, it would surely be a great seller!  I won't be getting the sandwich again but would stop by for scones.  

                Five words: fried chicken sandwich & strawberry shortcake. If you don't mind waiting the long lines and the limited hours, you won't be disappointed! Located farther down telegraph away from campus, it's the perfect lunch spot! Seating is limited though to only 2 benches I believe.   Love the fried chicken its tender and super crispy at the same time. The coleslaw is a winner too! And, up until the downgrade, the bread was too. Still yummy though! If you're not feeling in a sandwich typa mood, you can get a coleslaw salad w/ the friend chicken or even a fried tofu sandwich as a vegetarian option.  Strawberry shortcake is also a must!!! Trust me! Perfect in every way.   Til next time, LIVE.LAUGH.LOVE.EAT.REPEAT  

                I love this place, but because of their crazy-limited hours, I've only been twice.   The line is usually there, about 10-20 deep, but it moves quickly. Get the chicken sandwich. Why would you get anything else? Just...no.  Grab a seat outside at the tables/former ironing boards. It's tight seating, so ask a stranger if you can share the table. That's just simply how it's done.   A word about the cole slaw--it's awesome. I don't usually like cole slaw--too creamy and moist and blegh. But this is fresh and tangy and spicy and I totally dig it.   The good: they redid the sizing and pricing of their sandwiches, so now a sandwich is actually consumable by just one person, and comes in at $8.  The bad: their hours. Check their hours on Yelp before you head over on a Sunday evening (odds are they're closed, almost every time you want to go).  

                After trying Bakesale Betty again, I have to say the second time around was much better. They're known for their fried chicken sandwich with coleslaw and now they have a tofu version.   I opted to have my coleslaw on the side and would recommend it for anyone who is sensitive to onions as it can over power the sandwich if there is too much on it.   I tried their chocolate chip cookie and apricot almond scone. Both were very good and tasted freshly baked.   The decor of the place is very simple. Their menu is written on paper and taped to the walls inside and out.  Service is fast even tho the lines can be long at times so don't be deterred. Their signature ironing board tables outside add a unique touch.   Pros: Delicious buttermilk fried chicken sandwich and baked goods.   Cons: Somewhat of a limited menu if you're going in a group and have anyone who's picky with you :p Can get busy at lunch time but that just means it's good right?  

                It's alright!  The line moves quick!  The sandwich was a teensy bit spicy.  The fried chicken with the bun was dry, could have used some sauce. I liked the coleslaw, it wasn't full of mayo and drippy.  Overall a solid sandwich!  

                Fried Chicken Sandwich!  I have seen Bakesale Betty on a few food channels and always wanted to try it!  The location itself is the definition of hole in the wall. Street meter parking. Service is quick. Outdoor seating is very limited and kind of sketchy.   Came exactly at 11 on a Saturday and there was no line.   Chicken Sandwich - $7.75 - The fried chicken is huge! The crust and seasoning was crispy with a hint of spice. Chicken itself was cooked perfectly and juicy. The jalapeno slaw added nice texture and heat. This sandwich is basically simple done perfectly right.   Apple Pie - $5 - Very good apple pie. Nothing special.  Chicken sandwich was worth the hype!  

                I just adored this place. Small corner operation, quick moving line, and a delicious fried chicken sandwich. Just enough heat to keep you interested, and a delicious slaw in between the bird and the bun. I didn't realize she sold scones and cookies, too, or else I wouldn't have stopped at Doughnut Dolly's on the way and would have tried her cookies. Oh well...that's for next time! And there will be a next time.  

                Ummm well I really don't understand the hype.. yes it is delicious and scrumptious looking at first glance..yes, the slaw was uniquely & outstandingly good..yes the fried chicken was crispy--- but it was BLAND! (eye blink blink) ..  ..We had to put hot sauce to add some kick or oomph to tie everything together in the sandwich. IMO, the slaw is the winner. Slaw with fresh jalapeños equals a crunchy spicey tang.  I wish they'd season their chicken a little more..It's definitely fried to crispy perfection, but what good is crisp if it lacks flavor?..and it was $8.95 a sandwich folks with no drink   I also wanted to try their strawberry shortcake but it wasn't on their menu today. I tried their pear ginger scone and it was pretty good. Fresh, moist, and hints of ginger in the right amount.  Would I go back for the chicken sandwich??..not really..but it was definitely the sexiest chicken sandwich I've seen. Maybe they should sell their slaw because I would definitely come back for some tangy fresh slaw.   There was a line out the door when we got there, and still a line out the door after we ate. Line does move fast. Worth trying to see what the hype is about, but not on my re-peat list.  

                We just happend to be strolling through Oakland looking for a place to get lunch when we fortunately passed by Bakesale Betty. I had a faint memory of hearing they served up something special, so we grabbed lunch here.  There was no line, and that something special was the fried chicken sandwich. We ordered, got our food, sat down and ate it all within 20 minutes. Seating is extremely limited which makes it much more of a to-go spot. I'm not sure if I would wait long longer then say 15 minutes, but it was delicious. I wish I had room to try the strawberry shortcake!  

                This is a must try. An Amazing chicken sandwhich!  

                Yes, their fried chicken sandwich is that good.  Go there and eat it.  You will enjoy it.  I promise.  

                Overrated. I'm still hungry, and I wasn't even ravenous. A few years ago their fried chicken sandwich was way too salty but at least it was overflowing with sandwich. Now, it's fortunately not too salty, but lacks memorable flavor. And the size feels relatively meager. The ingredients (bun, chicken/breading, coleslaw) are all fresh and seem to be good quality though, so there's that at least. Overall, just okay, not worth the wait.  

                Butcher paper menus taped into the walls, black and mint, 1:20 pm on a Thursday. We somehow managed to escape any crazy line, stepping into second place. Extremely lovely fantastic warm service, and an efficiency that's very appreciated. We had wandered off to admire an ironing board, and a smiling woman who rang us up moments before brought us out our bag (molte grazie!).  Their fried chicken sandwich is amazing because: the fried chicken isn't greasy at all, I didn't bite into any weird chewy veiny strange parts, the coleslaw was crunch crunch with a tart and refreshing twist, and the bread fluffy and mellow enough to not distract from the real treasure of poultry divinity.   I've never had strawberry shortcake ever before. The cake was dense, rich, and covered in silky whipped cream and sugary sweet strawberries. All in all, it was somewhere between okay and okay+, but I simply may not be a SS fan. So having said that, I looked to my husband for approval and he simply nods, and declares the cake as "good" after careful consideration.   This isn't something you could indulge in every day, but there's something almost romantic about a place that lacks permanent signs and has a quietly thoughtful menu that certainly will have you daydreaming about it by the following week or two.  

                For such a popular place, the wait time was no longer than 10 mins.   This corner shop is doing something right in its minimalistic approach. The menu is written in rough handwriting on butcher paper and taped on the outside and inside of the establishment.   You have three main options. The fried chicken sandwich, the fried tofu sandwich and the fried chicken sandwich with 4 cookie options. Why you would get tofu in a place which specializes in chicken, is mind boggling. But who cares about those vegetarians ;)  The main entrees are 7.75 each and the cookies are 1.50 each making it an affordable lunch option.   The orders are yelled out to each other making it so homey to its customers. For patrons whom are accustomed to fancier restaurants this place will give you a reality check of what makes a restaurant truly stand out. It's not the decor, the fancy plates or the technology friendliness of a restaurant, the food will always be the defining factor of a restaurant.   Bakesale Betty does that to a tee.   We got the fried chicken sandwich and the salad after the lady in front recommended the coleslaw salad they used as the base of the salad and part of the sandwich. I was entirely satisfied with the portions and how juicy and crunchy the chicken was.   Parking is a bit tight in the Temescal are so plan ahead.   I heart you Bakesale Betty! Come to SF please!!  

                No hyperbole, ladies and gents.  The chicken sandwich here is the real deal.  Bakesale Betty gets it right with the batter.  There's an appropriate amount of seasoning with good flavor ridges.  The chicken itself is white meat, but it's not dry.  The bun is light and fluffy.  I gotta say, though, the real star is the coleslaw.  It's not drenched in mayonnaise.  It complimented the chicken really well.  My favorite part was the inclusion of jalapenos in the 'slaw.  Good amount of kick. Other reviewers have commented that the size of the sandwich is small.  I'm a big guy, and one was more than enough.    I went about 15 minutes before closing but there was still a line.  However, it moved quickly.  

                Instead of studying, I'm writing this review over freshly-brewed coffee and their scrumptious strawberry shortcake I had from the previous day. Yes, the shortcake is still firm to hold all that strawberry and whipped cream!  CONCEPT: This is the brainchild of Alison Barakat, a former line chef at Chez Panisse who loved their buttermilk fried chicken whenever it was served and wanted to recreate the experience. She started selling these chicken sandwiches at farmers markets to tremendous success and fanfare that she opened up a little shop in Temescal that is only open from Tues-Sat 11-3 or when sandwiches run out, the latter being a more common scenario.  VENUE: On the corner of Telegraph and 51st in Oakland's Temescal neighborhood. The ironing board tables are located on the sidewalk. It just adds to the quirkiness of the town.  [Slightly off-topic: I fell in love with Temescal at first sight and I WILL be back here to check out the other cute stores that line Telegraph and the back streets] The actual store is bare-bones, but you don't need to look fancy just to serve sandwiches for three hours a day. Menu items are written in simple paper and marker.  Bakesale Betty is easily spotted by the line of people around the store, but when I went on a Saturday afternoon, line went by quickly.  I got their two signature items: their fried chicken sandwich and their strawberry shortcake. They also offer a fried tofu sandwich, chicken salad (everything but the bun) and a daily variety of cookies, which the offerings are written in the same style.  Fried Chicken Sandwich ($7.75): The sandwich is served on recyclable carton. Inside is a burger bun with the signature fried chicken and a generous portion of their coleslaw. I dunno if the burger bun is a temporary fix but it looked better in roll form. As much as I liked the sandwich, I wasn't madly *in love* with it. It doesn't help I don't usually eat fried chicken sandwiches and I avoid cole slaw as a side. Technically it is a masterpiece, with crunchy skin and tender breast meat, the skin flavored enough with the right amounts of seasoning and spice to give it a kick at every bite. Jalapeños in the slaw enhance that spicy kick a bit and the greens do add flavor and are not just veggie filler. If you reheat in toaster oven it does retain the original flavor. Though one of the best chicken sandwiches I've eaten, I'm just not a fried chicken sandwich lady. Please forgive me.  Strawberry Shortcake ($5): In contrast, I am madly in love with their strawberry shortcake and I would brave the line just to get it. There's a generous amount of strawberries and a dollop of cream at the corner, but the shortcake is firm enough to handle all the strawberry juices and cream. Each bite is just full of strawberry, cream and shortcake goodness. It's a perfect dessert meant to be shared or if you're living by yourself, can be enjoyed over several days.  This is one of the must-eats of the Temescal neighborhood and at least now I understand what all the hype is about.  

                Every time I have came here, there is always a line, but it moves pretty fast.   certain times on certain days only while supplies last.  Limited items...  Personally, I like the chicken sandwich with the slaw dressing (spicy).  I also love the feel of the operation they have set up.   Price could be better, but it is something I don't have a problem with as I enjoy their sandwiches.  

                I first heard about this place from my step-father. He was at home watching one of those food/travel channel programs about awesome restaurants. At the time, I was going to school in the Oakland Hills and he mentioned this place during one of our conversation. I decided to track this place down one afternoon with a friend of mine and I was pleasantly pleased.  Bakesale Betty is a small little corner shop that comfortably fits ten ordering patrons inside at a time. The sidewalk seating of ironing boards and stools perfectly complimented the food and experience. The last two times I was here they ended up selling out shortly after opening.  The next time I am in the area I will definitely stop by for a bite.  

                Best Fried chicken sandwich ever. That's the main thing they do and they do it soo well. The slightly spicy coleslaw they put on the sandwich is so good.   Go on a weekday around 11 - there is usually a line during prime lunch time.  

                WOW. That coleslaw was amazing!!! The bun was ON POINT! The chicken, hero of the sandwich, was eh, sadly.  Came in on a Saturday afternoon and the wait in line and food only took about 10-15mins total! The line started to get longer as we were eating, so get there for an early lunch! But the line moves fairly quickly. Street parking was definitely very, very troublesome.   I came with my family and we tried their Fried Chicken Sandwich, Fried Tofu Sandwich, and also their Pecan Shortbread. Overall, the sandwiches was quite bland. There wasn't much seasoning in the meat, but the coleslaw and bun definitely made up for it. Surprisingly, the tofu sandwich was really good! It had a special texture to it that made it feel like meat.  On the other hand, the Pecan Shortbread was delish! It had the perfect amount of pecan and the perfect consistency. Only took a small piece to try, but it made me crave for more!  I really enjoyed the outdoor seating with the cute iron boards as tables, especially in a very hipster part of the town. I will definitely come back for their famous strawberry shortcake or their chicken salad next time!  

                Everyone knows what I'm going to say... fried. chicken. sandwich. YUM! I had never heard of the place before but my parents were raving about it so we stopped for lunch. I love how simple the menu is. You walk in, order, walk out with your food seconds later. They just have an assembly line of chicken sandwiches and a tofu sandwich. The fried chicken is amazing... my mouth is watering just thinking about it. The slaw is different than your typical slaw because there is no mayo in it. It must be a vinegar base or something, I couldn't figure it out! But all of the slaw veggies were noticeably fresh. The employees were super friendly, and we got to sit outside and eat on one of the cute ironing board tables. Loved it! Can't wait to venture back for more.  

                By far, thee BEST fried chicken sandwich known to man, woman or dog. WOW... I had read about how good it was. The number of reviews obviously speak to this fact. But wow... so good.   It was a rainy Friday morning and we just flew into OAK from the Los Angeles area. I had read that Bakesale Betty opens up around 11am and it was 1030 am by the time I picked up the rental so off we were on a fried chicken sammich mission. Bakesale Betty is located on a corner in a busy intersection in Oakland amongst other small shops & a Wallgreens across the street. We found parking easily on the street. There was no line when we first walked up as it had just opened and it was quite rainy that morning.  We all got a chicken sandwich each. It's a pretty big sammy. Comes in a perfectly sized encompassing container. The bread was perfect. Not too soft but nowhere near too firm. The bread alone was delicious. The chicken had a really nice batter to it that gave it that little crunch. Again, it was a good sized piece. The chicken wasnt dry and whatever seasoning was used on it was made over trial & error and perfection was reached. It was delicious. So good... The surprising show stealer was the slaw that topped the chicken. It was so very good. It had a little kick to it with the sliced jalapenos but the dressing or whatever was on it along with the finely chopped lettuce, onions, etc was a magical confluence of flavors. All the components of this sandwich from the bread to the fried chicken and lastly, the slaw. It all made for thee BEST fried chicken sandwich I have ever had. I stand by that... Try it for yourself.  Strawberry shortcake was out of season but Bakesale Betty herself said it shall be back in Springtime just in time for my return. Dining is mostly outside on ironing boards while sitting on stools. Personally, I love it. It's so simple and really highlights what the dining experience at Bakesale is all about... That magical sandwich. There is some standing dining space inside just left of the cash register and next to the drinks cooler but outside (even when its rainy) is where it's at. You'll see... Can't wait to go back and have it again.  ps - my friend inhaled a second sandwich unbeknownst to me. he was very wise in doing that. i wish i had his wisdom in retrospect... i'm craving that sammich quite badly after writing this.  

                5 minutes before open and already a line. Hope it lives up to the hype... Nope  The Good: -It's a good fried chicken sandwich but it isn't the beez neez and definitely not worth     the price.  -Line's are usually long but goes fast b/c it's only just the sandwich and its pretty much    already made.   The Bad: -Pricey  

                An enormous healthy lunch of coleslaw with batter-fried tofu, thoughtfully cut into small bite-size cubes. The slaw was smothered in a tartish dressing, no dairy - yay!! So satisfied. My niece beamed happily eating her fried chicken cole slaw lunch.  We both agreed, the portions were LARGE.  Finished with strawberry shortcake - no words. Just mm mm mmmm.  

                Bakesale Betty is an Oakland classic. I always get the fried chicken sandwich with spicy coleslaw. The sandwiches are not cheap, but I've never eaten a fried chicken sandwich that was as tasty as Betty's. Recognize that you might have to wait in line for a bit (the line moves fast) and make sure you order the shortcake if it's available!  

                So glad I finally got to try the famous fried chicken sandwich! There's pretty much always a line during meal times. but it moves really fast since they were in assembly line mode in the back putting together the sandwiches. We were in and out in about 30 mins. Everything was really fresh., and the chicken was nice and juicy. I liked the slight spiciness of the slaw from the jalapenos. It could get spicier if you take a bite of jalapeno, so consider yourself warned! You can also get the slaw on the side if you're worried it might be too much. And why not top off the sandwich with a strawberry shortcake or a cookie?!  Right when I was getting thirsty from the fried chicken, the owner came around and poured water for us, which was awesome. Sitting outside on an ironing board table is also an experience to be had. Bakesale Betty is a legend, and rightfully so!  

                Chicken sandwich was tasty and has been well written about.  The Apricot & Almond Scone was even more amazing -- not too dense and heavy, almondy like marzipan is almondy (but not thick and paste-like).  Kind of a weird way to describe a scone, but it was almondy, a little sweet and tart with the apricot and crunchy / buttery / airy in an entirely delicious way!  

                Every time I passed this place there is a line out the door, and it always scared me away. I'm here to tell you DON'T BE AFRAID OF THE LINE! The menu is short, so be prepared to have few choices (like 2), but this makes the line move quickly. They also have 4 people in this little corner shop making the sandwiches fast so they're ready when you order it.   My buddy and I got buttermilk fried chicken sandwiches which were absolutely awesome. There is also a vegetarian choice if you're so inclined (fried tofu sandwich), but that's basically the menu. This is a good thing, I promise. They also have about 4-5 different cookies you can pick up for $1.50 each.   Can't recommend more, just go.  

                I've tried the old sandwich, and now I've tried the new sandwich. The only difference to me was the bread, because everything else was still as delicious as I remembered! The chicken was still crunchy and not dry, the slaw was still flavorful with that kick of jalapeno. I did like the old french roll bread more because with this new round bread, I am getting more mouthfulls of just bread in the beginning. Also, and I'm probably not the only person that experiences this, but my bites make it that I have less and less bottom bun over time, and my sandwich falls apart unless I flip the whole thing upside down to continue eating. Not BSB's fault, but one big reason I dislike round sandwiches lol.  I also got a strawberry shortcake and it was YUMMY. Upon opening the package, I was afraid the cake was going to be soggy because it was drenched in the strawberry juice sauce, but surprisingly, the texture of the cake was dense and kind of crumbly. The bf didn't like it, but I thought it was different and it held up to that sauce!! There's nothing I hate more than unintentionally soggy bread. It wasn't too sweet either, which I enjoyed.  The ginger cookie, as usual, is my favorite cookie in the world, and BSB makes them perfectly (buttery, chewy, packed with ginger flavor, SO GOOD).  In conclusion, everything's still good!!  

                Not sure what the hype is all about.   The place was packed on a Saturday morning 30 minutes before it even officially opened. Ironing boards and seats outside, menu scribbled on butcher paper, general rustic feeling.   Got the chicken sandwiches. The chicken itself was fried nicely but the slaw that accompanied it was bland and lacking. Bread was alright but the sandwich as a whole was just subpar. Definitely not worth the price for 2 okay sandwiches.   Take yourself to Ike's instead.  

                One of the best crispy chicken sandwiches I've had! Granted, it is a simple dish, but it's served on a fluffy bed of buttermilk biscuits with the creamiest slaw (I think they put some kind of parsley in it too for that extra punch of flavor.)  

                Pretty cool place in lathe Telegraph area in Oakland. Some of the friendliest folks work at this Chicken Sandwich spot-- maybe because they are only open for three hours or so :-)  The sandwiches are expensive and not that large, but they are very fresh, delicious, and have a great texture with the slaw salad added. Sometimes you get a free cookie as well.   Lines can get long, but usually you should get your sandwich in under ten minutes since they only make one item (if you don't count cookies, which are delicious by the way).   Not too much seating, but there are a few narrow tables with barstools outside. Great atmosphere on a pretty day to sit and eat some great food!  

                Work in the Temescal area so I thought I'd try this place out amidst all the hype. The line wasn't too long when I went, only about 10 people in front of me.  Ordered the typical chicken sandwich. I gotta say by far the best chicken sandwich I have ever tasted. I dont know why other sandwich places dont make a fried chicken sandwich. Definitely 100x better than a McChicken.  The chicken was fried just right. Having a crunchy exterior and soft interior. The bread was nicely toasted too. The coleslaw was a little to tasty for me. It almost drowned out the taste of the chicken.  They give you a lot of coleslaw and a good size piece of chicken. The bread was a little small in proportion, making me have to finish the rest of the chicken and coleslaw with a fork. But overall good place to go (if you can avoid the lunch rush).  

                It was good, but overrated. The line shoots out the door and around the corner, but the line goes pretty quick. They have a great system to get the food out quick to you.  I've been told by my friend to come here and haven't had the chance to in ages.... I do recall trying to come here on a Sunday, but they were closed! Shame!  Portions have shrunk too, apparently. But still a good amount of food. Strawberry shortcake is okay, too.... the shortcake was more of a scone consistency. Probably because they make everything ahead of time and didn't want the dessert to get all soggy.  

                I haven't gone to the shop itself. But my friend bought me a sandwich. I was pretty excited because of all the great things I heard about the infamous chicken sandwich.   So they ordered me the basic chicken sandwich. When I opened the box it looked pretty amazing not going to lie. The slaw was all over the place- just the way I like it. So the flavor itself was really good. I think the major factor I didn't like it was the bread. It was like a basic bread but not even the soft kind. It also wasn't even toasted. And it was huge. The bread took up most of every bite I had. Did not love that.   I'm glad I didn't have to stand in line for this. But I guess it is worth trying once. Probably won't be getting any seconds.  

                I came here expecting a line.  To my surprise, no line and I was in and out within seconds.  The fried chicken sandwich is the BEST!  The chicken is nice and tender.  The bread is soft and the coleslaw has a nice crunch with a touch of heat. I'll be back again and again!  

