                Meatball banh mi with added fried egg, and an iced coffee. YUM. Best cheap lunch in town.  Sweet folks, too. Very happy this place is in my neighborhood.  

                We ate sandwiches from another bahn mi place after not having bahn mi in a very long time.   It was so good, we had to grab more sandwiches from somewhere!  This place was well yelped so I went in and grabbed about 5 sandwiches to go. For dinner and later. Prices were cheap! All 5 sandwiches cost me under $17.  Sandwiches were good, but didn't seem quite as tasty as the ones from Nhu Lan in Oakland. Bread was nice and crisp, but I ended up with an abraded mouth from it. Although I do prefer this problem as opposed to the bread being too soft. The veggie sandwich was made with a flavorless tofu in this case and overall that sandwich needed some help with flavor. I could taste the garlic mayonnaise on the sandwich though and I really liked that. I also ordered my favorite bahn mi, sardines, this time and that one was really good.   My son enjoyed both the BBQ pork and chicken. Pork seemed a little dry to me, but he loved it.  

                FYI Yelpers, this place has a sign on the window closed until 01/04/15.  Only slightly annoyed at this as I walked about 7 blocks in the freezing cold at 8:30am expecting the business to be open at 8am as advertised.  I did need the exercise, so I remind myself.  It must be a common practice, the other Vietnamese restaurants in El Cerrito are closed for "remodeling" this month.  

                If there's one sandwich that I can consistently eat at least once a week, it would have to be the Banh Mi. I guess there's something about the seasoned meat, pickled carrots, cilantro, and jalapeños that give me that 'wow' factor. And as I was venturing through the East Bay on my lunch break, I come across "Banh Mi Ba Le Vietnamese Sandwich Deli" located on San Pablo Ave. in El Cerrito.  The business is surrounded by other small businesses in a small strip mall. Parking is adequate as I didn't have any problems snagging a spot, even at 1:00pm during the lunchtime rush. When entering the establishment, I notice how tiny this place is. And from what I saw, there was only one man behind the counter taking orders while also serving as a cashier. I'm assuming they have someone in the kitchen area making these. Another thing I noticed right away that this place is to-go only. However, if you do wish dining here, they offer a few outdoor tables with chairs. Unfortunately the day I went here, the Bay Area was dealing with a fairly significant rainstorm (in mid-December).   As I'm already familiar with the different types of Banh Mi sandwiches that are offered, I go the safe route and order the #8 "Banh Mi Thit Nuöng" which is essentially grilled pork. This includes the standard fillings on the signature bread. And the price is very affordable at only $3.25 (including tax) which is roughly the median price for a Banh Mi sandwich. Within just a couple minutes, my sandwich is ready and wrapped snug in parchment paper.   Since I don't want to risk getting rained on, I eat the sandwich in my vehicle. Everything was properly placed in the sandwich. And one bite of it, I was not impressed by the bread. I don't know if this bread was a day old but it was so hard! I almost thought to myself if I had chipped a tooth from biting into this but it made the whole experience a very uneventful one. Another drawback is that this sandwich literally had no sauce inside of it. Finally, there was a lack of grilled pork which made this taste more like a veggie sandwich than anything else.  I don't know if this was an off-day for this business or if I am spoiled from eating far better Banh Mi sandwiches in my time but this place is just average for me. Not to mention, there are way more options especially in the Bay Area which you will find an abundance of Vietnamese restaurants. Keep in mind that this a cash only place so make sure you have your coins and bills handy,   Overall, I might give this place another try and even try something entirely different such as spring rolls or a bowl of Pho. I always try to support the small independent owned businesses and hope my next experience here won't be as critical as this one.  

                Huh. Was in the neighborhood running a few errands, and couldn't pass up the option of some tasty banh mi, since they're non existent in Marin. Checked Yelp, and seeing that Ba Le was just a few minutes away, I headed over.  Ordered the grilled pork and the BBQ chicken, based on the recommendation of the guy ahead of me - didn't have long to wait, sambos were presented within just a few minutes, so grabbed a seat outside and horsed into them.  And they were... a bit of a letdown. The baguettes were delicious and crispy, but the contents left a lot to be desired. VERY dry, to the point where I had to soak the chicken in sriracha to get it down. Not a lot of meat in there either, and sampling a bit separately gave me the impression it had been sitting around... a while. The pork was better, but again really dry overall. Jalapenos in there were not so much slices, but enormous hunks. By the time I added the obligatory sriracha, it was almost too hot even for me.   Still though, can't beat the prices and speed of service. Ba Le works in a pinch, but it isn't a spot I'd go out of the way for.  

                Cheap, quick, and delicious. I would prefer more sauciness but I may have to just ask next time. First impression was good, I will be a little more adventurous next time.  

                This is not a bad banh mi location by any means, but compared to its bigger, more well-known sister store in Oakland, this Banh Mi Ba Le falls somewhat short.   Located in a small plaza next to a cake store, this shop is tiny, with only one table inside and two outside (weather permitting). There aren't as many desserts and prepackaged rice dishes as the Oakland location, but most of the standard desserts such as fermented rice balls, homemade yogurt, and Vietnamese spring rolls are still available.   They offer guava juice (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/banh-mi-ba-le-vietnamese-sandwich-deli-el-cerrito?select=Mo1vbkerRM3pmK1Gn1dv4w#-sXfH0tw2a222ZZkknqpPQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/banh…</a>), which was good but a little too sweet, as well as a variety of other imported fruity drinks. These include pink guava, mango, soursop, and even ginseng. It's all canned though, so none of these are fresh.  Shrimp spring rolls with peanut sauce: (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/banh-mi-ba-le-vietnamese-sandwich-deli-el-cerrito?select=Mo1vbkerRM3pmK1Gn1dv4w#GnqKNNVgbNyaYFqpESqXHQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/banh…</a>) I was craving spring rolls and was looking forward to the fresh crispiness of these, but unfortunately they tasted like they'd been sitting around for a while. I realize that they're prepackaged, so that is always a danger, but I've never run into this problem at the Oakland location. The vermicelli noodles and lettuce inside were okay, but the shrimp was tasteless and the outside wrapper was dried to the point that it was falling apart. The peanut sauce was also very watery and had red chili flakes inside, which was a little strange. I don't believe I would get this again.  Combination sandwich with added fried egg: Unfortunately I forgot to take a picture of this (was too hungry apparently), but this is my go-to banh mi sandwich. The liver pate and meats inside were quite tasty and flavorful, but the pickled vegetables were disappointing. They also suffered from lack of freshness, and I felt like I didn't really get the pickled taste that balances out the heaviness of the meat. I think they also forgot to add cilantro, which is a huge no-no for me because I adore cilantro in sandwiches. The bread was also a little hard, which has happened to me once before, but that was towards the end of the day whereas this was around noon.   Next time, I'll make the farther drive to Oakland.  

                Called in a two sandwich order and it was ready when I picked it up. Can't beat the prices and quality. Both my friend and I loved our sandwiches- BBQ and pork meatball YUMMMM  

                Great little place for a decent vietnamese sandwich!  The only thing off was my sandwich bread was a little stale, but within the norm.  I had my staple, the combination, and I also tried their grilled pork and barbecued pork.  Flavors were authentic, tasty, great, and matched South Bay prices - very cheap!  Service was also surprisingly friendly.  I would definitely recommend this place for their sandwiches, and will have to try their other dishes when I visit again!  

                The veggie banh mi was gross. Took one bite. Threw it right in the trash. The bread was stale and the tofu was an unappetizing, spongy white slab of something alien ...  Look, people, I'm trying to do my part to alleviate the drought by going vegetarian. Help a mama out.  

                I have been coming to this location for 8 years.  The Food: I've always been a fan of the bun bo hue. In the banh mi, I love that they heat their meats properly so you get a hefty, warm sandwich, and the veggies, especially the pickled veggies, are always very good. The red chipped meat (don't know the name) and sausage over sticky rice is delicious. And, sometimes there's kho bo by the register. The bread was different the last visit... Airier. Good.  The Service: I have never had problems with service in the past. Curt and efficient works just fine for me. But, this past week something happened with the newer person taking orders and I will no longer be coming to Ba Le.  People often ask me about my ethnic background because my features are a bit ambiguous, so I didn't think anything of it when the man taking our order asked me if I was from Singapore. I explained my background and then he asked if we were Buddhists. I explained that there are all religions in my parents' country, but it is majority Muslim. He paused. And, after seeing the disdainful? look on his face, I blurted out "but, we don't practice" (well obviously, I ordered a grilled pork banh mi and DH the combo). I still feel ashamed. Ashamed that I responded that way where normally my response would be contempt and doubly ashamed that I did not walk out. I would have let this go and just never came back, but then he didn't give us what we ordered despite the fact that I watched him write it down. I may have just been imagining that our sandwiches had less filling than usual.  The Bay Area is a diverse place. El Cerrito is a diverse place. Although there still are lingering feelings of otherness here and there, for the most part people hold it together in their day-to-day transactions. The fact that man at Ba Le couldn't do that is too bad. No one deserves a dose of prejudice with their sandwich.  So long, Ba Le.  

                Clean food, cheap, and consistent. I get their BBQ chicken or meatball sandwiches on a regular basis. They are full of veggies and very, very tasty. I wish I knew about this place years ago as it beats a nearby Subway for taste and courtesy. The service is polite, fast, and happy to answer questions. I tend to ask about other items and the guy behind the counter doesn't get annoyed with me. That's worth something.   The desserts are worth trying - unusual and with the sandwich it's just over $5 for lunch to go.   I did learn to order the meatball sandwich without peppers. Way too spicy otherwise.  

                Stick to the sandwiches. I love to get #2- Dac Biet. So flavorful and yummy with pate and special mayo.   Avoid the soups. Although their broth is healthier- no msg according to the owners, it just doesn't have that flavor you expect in pho or bun bo hue. I do commend them however for caring about the food they serve and providing healthier options.   The owners are so nice and friendly here.  

                I get the veggie spicy beef & spicy crab noodle soups : to go ( cold or even frozen ) they include ALL the fixings & I can heat it up "fresh" @home, plus the veggie sandwich for $3 is a delicious value - & their home made chili paste is da bomb !!!  

                Oh Yum My God!  We went here only because of fellow Yelpers reviews.  I was actually looking for a different place.  So you could say this was a happy accident.  Small, cramp and authentic sandwich shop.  They do have a nice variety of pre made spring rolls and such.  But Fiancé' and I wanted the BBQ chicken sandwich.  We called in our order and I jumped into the car to go get our food.  When I arrived there was a man ahead of me who wasn't sure if he wanted to try a sandwich, or anything at all.  The guy behind the counter told him "how do you know unless you try?"   oh god this is going to take all day and I just have to pick up.    So with a little friendly chit-chat, the man got a BBQ chicken sandwich.  I'm very certain he was pleasantly surprised at how good it was.   Crunchy torpedo roll, lots of pickled veggies and lots of barbeque chicken seasoned just right.    My Fiancé' and I were both very happy with our selection.  I will be back to pick up some spring rolls on a hot summer afternoon.  Not to mention when ever we want a good chicken sandwich.  Friendly, very fast service.  Does NOT take credit cards.  Does take to go orders over the phone.  Fresh flavorful food.  Total cost for sandwich was $3 each.  

                Amazing sandwich great service! I love this sandwich shop my new fivo Thanks  

                Decent Vietnamese sandwich place.  Their egg rolls and banh cuon are pretty tasty.  I have ordered a party tray of egg rolls for my sons birthday party and they were devoured by my guests.  Small table inside and one outside if you are super hungry and can't wait for home.  Cash only, people    Staff are nice and randomly give out free "medical advice"  

                I love this place , I always come here for lunch , I love the # 2 sandwich. People here always welcome . Recommended to every one.  

                Stopped in and had the grilled pork banh mi for $3 that was a steal.  Very good.  The place is pretty small only one table inside and two on the sidewalk.  I asked for imperial rolls and he gestured at the cold case display -  they were pre-packaged and though good they would have been better hot.    Bottom line you can't beat this place for a $5 lunch.  

                Been here many times, each time a different experience.  I have not found consistency here.  We always order the same things but it seems like its hit or miss.  The last visit i ordered one sandwich with no jalapenos peppers and the older gentleman repeats my order correctly and goes to it.  I get home only to be dissatisfied because it is full of peppers.   But the time before that was a younger gentleman who did my order and it came out great..   Overall decent Banh Mi and we will continue to support the small shop, as we hope they will improve.  

                Where else can you buy a delicious sandwich with a drink and a snack for under $10 and still have enough money left to treat someone else? Its definitely not Subway! The Vietnamese sandwich or banh mi is served fast and is surprisingly inexpensive at Banh Mi Ba Le Deli. You'd be hard-pressed to find a better deal nearby.  This particular location is supposedly related to an East Oakland business of the same name except this is in a safer area with a private parking lot. Its within walking distance of the El Cerrito Plaza BART station and a block down from Rialto Cinemas Cerrito.  The banh mi is served on a very crunchy baguette and has the usual choice of meat with cilantro, pickled carrots, shredded daikon and sliced chili peppers. I've only tried the #9(BBQ chicken) and the #10(vegetarian) sandwiches so far and really liked them both. They also serve various traditional Vietnamese plates and pho as well as Vietnamese snack foods like dumplings, spring rolls and desserts.   The service here is great in terms of speed and attentiveness but its not the friendliest either depending on who helps you. They've never been rude to me or other customers but I wouldn't say they are welcoming exactly. Its not a big deal for me though since I am well aware of how testing it can be to work with the public face to face constantly!  I'm proud to say that this was one of my first introductions to Vietnamese food and to their popular banh mi sandwiches. However I would not come here to dine-in! Its just not set up that way. Its a small location with very few seating arrangements so you're encouraged to get something to go rather than sit down.   Its also a cash only business so stop by the ATM if you're only carrying plastic! I suspect this is one of the reasons why they can afford to charge $2.75-$3.00 for a sandwich! For a quick bite to eat or a lunch break you really can't beat the price. And while Banh Mi Ba Le may not be on par with your favorite Vietnamese restaurant, its superior to any local deli nearby for its affordability and speedy service.  

                This place is pretty legit. The viet sandwiches are super yummy and dirt cheap, too (~$3.50/ea). The gentleman behind the counter who took and made my order was super friendly and unexpectedly very formal considering how informal the business appears. Personally, I don't care if employees are assholes. As long as the food tastes good and I am charged appropriately, then I am good to go. I am there for the food, first and foremost. But, the friendliness was a nice touch and it made me seem as if my business was appreciated.   It's a little hole in the wall deli so the only slight downfall is the lack of seating. There is 1 small table inside and 2 outside, which is only enough space to seat about ~8 patrons total. While I was there eating, people were in and out getting orders to go. After finishing my sandwich, I went back inside and got another to go and picked up some Asian treats as well. I haven't tried their pho yet but that will definitely be ordered on the next visit.  

                Okay for when I'm in the area and can't get to Chinatown. The man behind the counter is always nice and has a smile you. Wished they took cards though.  

                Good bahn mi. Good bread- I like the crispy French rolls instead of soft. Large variety of fillings. Great price.  

                Love love love this place! Best Vietnamese sandwiches in town. Their soup is good as well.. They only accept cash. Prices are super cheap...  

                Wonderful selection of yummy goodness super friendly owners, once i walk in im super exicted like im in HEAVEN!  from the vietnamese sandwhiches to the refrigerated drinks and other goodies on the counter , but I feel as if they are skimpy with the pate and butter/mayo ? ; ( or is it just me I cant get enough of? I can just eat the bread with the pate and butter/mayo, by itself so good! This place is quite small tho one table inside and 2 table outside,  

                Been going here the past 5 years you can never go wrong with anything here I love there sandwiches best in town. If you want anything close to it then you will have to travel to San Jose to get something similar. But overall best sandwiches hands down!  

                I'm not sure there was any meat in my shredded pork sandwich, but the employees were nice!  

                This is our first visit to a Vietnamese Sandwich Deli so it might be a lil bias. We came here on a Friday, 10 min before they were scheduled to close. There was no wait/line. The guy who helped us was nice and friendly. We ordered 4 - #9 BBQ Chicken Banh Mi Sandwiches and Shrimp Roll. The sandwiches were good but the BBQ Chicken was a bit sweet. Still good though. I can't comment on the shrimp roll as they were for my wife.  

                Best damn $3 sandwich anywhere! Best damn bahn mi anywhere, period! Extremely friendly service, too - my car died in the parking lot & the feller even came outside to help me try to get it started!  

                If  you want great Banh Mi sandwiches for a fare price, this is the place without a doubt.  Our favorite Banh Mi sandwich shop, but it is a drive for us, and cannot make it out here as often as we would like.  A real hole in the wall in a strip mall, but so good!  Good prices, and great bread.  

                Best Vietnamese sandwich shop hands down in the area.  Less than $3 per sandwich...   Best bet is to get #7 or #9 or their take out spring/summer rolls.  Decent homemade pho too  

                Super tiny place. Best suited for take-out. If you go at the right time you can get one of the three tables. Good selection of Vietnamese sandwhices for around $3.00 and pho for about $6.50. The sandwhices were a-ok. But the pho broth flavor was above average. And plenty of meat and filling.  

                My parents go to this place frequently, and I go with them occasionally.  They always order by the number so I have to look at the menu to see what they got.  Today they ordered me a #9.    The bread is the foundation of any sandwich, and the torpedo roll wasn't anything really special.  But the filling was very tasty.  I could really taste the cilantro along with the meat.    This place is cash only.  If you want to eat inside, you better hope the one table is unoccupied.  But you get good value for your money.  

                The Banh Mi sandwiches are tasty. The location is in a strip mall and is a hole in the wall. But a sandwich for three bucks is awesome. Roll is nice and crunchy and I like the barbecue chicken or pork. Great place for fast and cheap eats!  

                Ba Le decent prices not bad food. Early you can catch the person making all the banh Cuon fresh.  

                I absolutely love Banh Mi! The sandwiches are delicious and the packed lunches they put aside to grab and go are great too! The price is great for the delicious food you get. I am in love with this little place!  

                Great Banh Mi sandwich! Fast, friendly service. Great deal!  

                Mere words cannot express my love for this place well enough, but it'll try my best.   I've been going here for practically a decade now since high school years and it's as delicious as ever. Need a quick cheap and delicious bite? My friends, this is the place to go. Forget junkie fast food- this is the place you want to be. Hands down the best Vietnamese sandwiches in the East Bay. They also have a variety of Asian drinks and equally as delicious side orders for every customers desires.   It's a small place (kind of a bit of a hole in the wall, really) with a couple of chairs and tables for people to hang around and eat their meal. I think that adds a little to the charm of BA Le. It's very homey, a nice place to relax and watch San Pablo go about it's day while you enjoy a lovely sandwich or two.  

                I love this place so much! It's the best Vietnamese sandwich joint around the el Cerrito area. The bread is warm and crispy! The meats are tender and full of flavor!   Their BBQ chicken is one of the most popular items. Def try it if you've never been here. I usually get that or the number 1.   I love how they hollow out a little of the baguette so they can fit extra meat in the sandwich :)    Thanks Ba Le!  

