                I went for lunch here today.   Actually I had planned to go for lunch at another Indian restaurant in Marin, and my friend, who is Indian, offered to show me the real deal, so we went here instead.   As someone who loves Indian food, and who actually cooks Indian food, I was blown away by the quality of this food, and also by how reasonable it is.  Only negative I can see is the name, and the marketing - I live in Mill Valley and work in Sausalito, so I pass this restaurant twice a day - I had no idea that this was a genuine Indian restaurant.  

                Details below, but basically... - Greasy and cold food - Disrespectful and rude staff (despite tipping *before* getting your food!)  I came for the lunch special today and was completely appalled by how rude the guy who works there was!  The first time I came in the food was alright and the woman working at the counter was nice, so thought I'd give it another try--I wish I hadn't.    From the get go it seemed like the guy at the counter wasn't having a great day, but whatever, no problem... I put in my order, paid, and *tipped* then walked around in CVS next door for the 10 minutes he said it would be before my food would be ready.  When I came back, my food still wasn't ready, but that didn't bother me too much.  After sitting for about another 5 minutes I walked up to the counter, with my purse and umbrella in hand, to grab a take out menu to take back to the office.  Just as I approach the counter and extend my hand, the guy starts scolding me like a dog who just peed on the floor.  He then goes on to say how the water dripping from my umbrella is a hazard for other customers if they rush in.  Then I say, "Oh sorry, do you have a paper towel?" Instead of saying "No problem" or something of the sort, he responds by saying "I'm too busy to clean that up."   Three things to note here:   1. He literally had been pacing around doing nothing the entire time I was sitting waiting for my food and there was ONE other customer there at the time.   2. My umbrella was barely wet and actually wasn't dripping because I had just walked from the CVS next door with my hood on and it had been 15 minutes since I had used it. 3. WTF not only is that bad customer service, but that's just a shitty way to talk to someone whether it's your job to talk to them or not.  Before I left, I mentioned all of this to him, because I really hate leaving a business a bad review without giving them a chance to redeem themselves, but all he had to say is "You should have known better than to walk up to the counter with your umbrella." Was all of that worth it to lose a customer?  Probably not.  Just a reminder--we are talking about an umbrella that had been drying for 15 minutes, not an entire glass of water.  To top if off, the food tasted like it had been sitting there all day (why did it take to long to get it??), there was mostly rice, and it was cold... awesome.  

                A friend and I ended up here on the way back from the Muir Woods. I'm not sure why this place is $$, I would put this place as $. Not only are almost all of the dishes under $10, I don't think I've ever seen Indian food this cheap.  The food is pretty on par for Indian food, which is why this place deserves so many stars. Going out to Indian for me is usually a special treat since I know I'm going to drop $20. Being able to grab it as a cheap lunch at the same quality I'm used to is something worth praise.   The location is a bit out of the way, but worth the trek. If the deal wasn't sweet enough, they even have free chai with you entree. The service was friendly and very quick, they make everything fresh when you order it.  

                Excellent vegetarian  dishes and great Nan bread.  

                The ambience is a little plain, and the menu could use some more continuity, but I am a huge fan of the food and the service! We had a great dinner here last night, reasonably priced. There are a lot of naan flavors to choose from, but we devoured the onion and cheese one. The lamb was tender, and the dinners were spicy! Lots of self-serve water available, as well as a free first cup of chai tea.  

                I love this place. Give them about 10 minutes after ordering. Everything is made fresh to order.  I have gotten a different dish each time I've come- always take out. Loved them all.   The couple running the place are sweet and there's something I just love about a small, family-owned business serving up great food.  

                Yes!  Finally great, fresh, made to order and reasonably priced ethnic food in Marin!  The fried curry rice is wonderful and the serving is huge.  The flavors are perfectly balanced.  There are some olives in there and a few pits that may surprise some Americans.  No worries, eat around them.  The added flavor is worth it.  I love this stuff.  The chicken tika is to die for.  The veggie dishes are spot on.  Most items are less than $10.  Best value in Marin.  The only down side it that my garlic nan is always overdone to the point of being burned.  I do take out so I don't  drive back to return it.  That is why 4 stars rather than 5.    Otherwise, Great job guys!  Thanks for coming to town!  

                I love this food  It's as good as eating in the best place in Mumbai or Goa  I love the chicken Tika Marsala. So creamy delicious  The Complimentary chai tea is fantastic.  I finished off my meal with A dish of Ras Malai.  Garlic nam is a " 10" and the Papa too.  Hurry to this place  

                Went in for dinner with my family. Hoping for the best since we are local. What a disappointment!  * Ambiance: OK.  * Food quality: Main dishes were good. Naan was burnt. Side dish with cucumber was rather disappointing. Complementary chai tea was terrible.  * Food quantity: Not enough. Chicken Tikka Masala ($8) had 5 1/2 pieces of chicken in it. I was unbelievably sad!  * Service: It took a while to bring out the food even though there was no one in the restaurant. Owner resisted giving another naan upon my complaint about burnt naan, but eventually gave another one, which was burnt more.  * Restroom Cleanliness: There is no restroom! (And you eat naan with your hands!)  * Pricing: Everything is a la carte, so they nickel and dime you for essentials, such as rice, naan, etc. Without tip, it came out to be about $25 for two adults.  * Net: Very disappointing...  

                BBQ 'N' Curry House has just a few tables for sit-in. looks more like the chinese take out place it replaced.  menu: typical indian-pakistani fare: tandoori, lamb/chicken curries, naan, bryani, vegetarian, seafood.  eats: lamb curry (7.99) -more chili tasting than curry tasting. -5ish pieces of semi-tender lamb in chili  broth  -not sure if all curries here are like this. if so, would skip. not a good value.  

                I really like this place.  They are always super friendly and the food is delicious.  It is off the beaten path, not even really in Sausalito, but worth it.  Free Chai when you come in, all food is made to order.  Yum.  

                Solid 2/2.5 stars, but no more.  The Great: +  2/3 of my fresh, pillowy naan. (the other 1/3, read below) +  The lamb in the vindaloo, what there was of it, was tender and tasty. +  Friendly staff.  +  Free tea while you wait  The Average: o  It took quite a while for my lunch to be prepared, in spite of the fact I was the only person there.  It seriously took 20 minutes for takeout.  I appreciate food being made fresh, but come on. o  The rice was still a bit too wet, as if too much water had been used.  Good flavor, but not the perfect batch. o  The sauce  o  Decent prices for Sausalito  The Poor: -  the 1/3 of my naan that was not completely cooked.  Gooey underdone dough. -  For the price of admission I would have hoped to have more than 3-4 smallish chunks of lamb.   -  Vindaloo was very very watery.  It simply went through the rice and pooled underneath it.    I'll give it a go again and see if all of these 4 and 5 star reviews are legit.  **Update** Some fishy reviews of this place.  I can't help but feel that there are shill reviews here on Yelp to raise the "stars" of this place.  Sad.  

                By far one of my favorite places to eat in Sausalito. The food is delicious and everyone that works here treats you like family.  

                New restaurant? I think they need to work out the kinks as service is a tad slow as it took nearly 30 minutes to get our food. Cash only?  Garlic naan: fresh garlic and not burnt 4/5  lamb tikka masala: the tomato flavor was too over whelming and the lamb tasted old and not juicy at all. 2/5  chicken bhindi: the okras tasted under cooked and the chicken lacked flavor although tender. 2/5  samosa: pretty authentic with the right amount of flavors and spices. 4/5  Overall, I was very underwhelmed with the food as both curries were disappointing. The food came out a tad slow but understandable for a new restaurant. I didnt see any credit machines or stickers so I assume its cash only. I may come back for a to go order for samosas or naan but thats about it.  

                The only good thing at this restaurant is the Coke and naan. Food is too salty, tastes absolutely horrible, the rice used in the biryani was hard and sweet - biryani is not supposed to be sweet, the chicken achar was pungent, the seekh kabab tasted and looked like it was days old. You might like it if you don't know what actual Pakistani food is supposed to taste like.  

                For our Fond of Goat (F.O.G.) group, discovering the BBQ n Curry House was fantastic.  Apart from their other wonderful Pakistani and Indian dishes, they offer on a regular basis some of the best goat dishes our group has found in the Bay Area, including some (for example, the Goat Paya or the Goat Karahi) which are rather difficult to find.  All their dishes are cooked to order which takes a few minutes, but that is no problem as it gives you the time to chat with the very hospitable owners,  Shahid and Sana Paracha, who are passionate about their cuisine and eager to share their knowledge.  

                I was pretty shocked to see that this place had 5 stars because I know how rare of a thing that is on Yelp. It made it pretty intriguing to me so I decided to check it out with my officemate and I have to say that the 5 stars does not make sense to me.  Also as an avid yelper I find it quite suspicious that the first like 14 reviews are by faceless people, I have to be honest something doesn't feel right about these reviews. Moving on....  I had the shrimp tikki masala and it was ok. I can't think of any other way to describe it.  The tikki masala sauce was absolutly nothing special, certainly not 5 stars.  It didn't taste bad or anything but honestly it was totally boring. It came with 6 big shrimp which was good but the tails were on them which I hate because then you have to dig your hands into your food and my finger nails got dyed yellow with the tikki masala sauce.  My office mate got the chicken tikki masala which also came with 6 pieces of chicken which did not make her happy. Her review was the same, it wasn't bad but it wasn't anything to get excited about.  I guess I can believe that people are excited for new restaurants to be opening in Marin City because that certainly is something that is lacking but I think 5 stars is being pretty extreme.    The naan was good and the staff very friendly but I don't think its anything to tell your friends about.  

                I have nothing but great things to say about BBQ n Curry House!!  The food is authentic and delicious! I also really enjoyed the ambiance and environment. It's very authentic and a great experience.  The Owner and his family are so nice and welcoming.   The meat was incredible and very tender. They really know how to BBQ here.   The Garlic Naan was also very good. I couldn't stop eating it!  I highly recommend this place. I can't wait to go back and try something new!  If you want true, delicious Indian/Pakistani food - this is the place to go!  

                Cheap and authentic food.  And halal if you prefer that.   Decent prices.  Quantity is small but good for the price  

                I have been going to Shahids since he had Tasty Curry in SF. His food is the best I have had in terms of Indian, and I've travelled the world. He also inspires his customers to cook and learn the arts which I find unique. Most restaurant owners try to make money, Shahid helps you discover new passions. I can't recommend his place enough. Five stars for the Bollywood curry man.  

                The best Indian/Paki food in Marin.  Hands down.  Super fresh. Yum yum.  Been here about 10 times now and the food is consistently delicious, fresh and theres plenty on the menu to choose from.  Staff is really sweet too.   My only complaint is I wish it was a little cozier so I could eat there more.    I totally love the lamb curry, aloo naan, lamb palak and the rice is perfectly seasoned.  Hurrah!  

                I've been here a couple times. The food was good and the owner is very nice. It is family owned and operated, which adds a great personal touch. Despite what others say, I think the portions are very good. It only looks little because it comes on a plate instead of the typical serving bowls they use at Indian/Pakistani places.  I got the lamb curry and my friend got the lamb biryani and he let me try some of it. The curry tasted very good, but the biryani needs a little extra flavor. I also ordered a garlic naan, which was tasty.  As far as facilities, it would be great to have a restroom or at least have a sink installed so that people can wash their hands. You are allowed to use the restroom next door in Subway, which I find a bit awkward to use another restaurant's facility.  All in all, I would definitely come back again just for the food. I'd recommend this place to people, since it's one of the cheaper Indian/Pakistani places in Marin for its quality.  

                Ok food is tasty not the best but ok. The whole self service deal with this place is bad. Let's do some table service.Also there is am lunch special but it's not in the menu and only if you ask will you find out about it. This place can make it but need some front of house changes .  

                Amazing find in Marin.  I'd say this is the best Indian food I've eaten in Marin, by a long shot.  It's on par with some of less expensive Indian restaurants in SF such as Naan N Curry or Shalimar.    The food is amazing so I can easily overlook gaps in service or things that don't work for them.  The most important thing to know is that they are cash only.  Second, they only have a husband/wife with a handful of helpers working there so service can be frustratingly slow.  I believe they should adopt the same service format as many restaurants in SF.  Order at the counter, pay, get your own silverware/dishes/water and pick up your food at the counter when your number is called.  Instead, the owner takes your order, delivers silverware/dishes/water to your table and brings your food to your table when it's ready.  Unfortunately, they simply don't have enough employees to deploy this type of service!!!   At any rate, we had samosas, chicken tikka masala (which my 8yo daughter insisted we order 2 of next time), palak paneer, lamb vindaloo, an eggplant dish, naan and rice.  All were excellent.  Spicy enough to create a fire in my kids' mouths and a slow burn in mine, but not hot enough to generate sweat.    Definitely the most satisfying Indian meal I've eaten in Marin.  So glad this restaurant is here and that I found it through Yelp!!   I can't wait to go back.  

                30 minutes lunch brake time, you only can go to fast-food places this is NOT a fast food place, it's made to order 1- It was fresh 2- Tandoori Naan bread was hot, fresh and very tasty 3- Chechen Tikka Massala was delicious. 4- Free hot chai   within 8 minutes my order was on the table. I was back at work in time. Total $10.45  

                My first pakistani cola. Excellent chiken tikka masala and aloo palak. Spicy! Naan is generous. This is our new goto Indian. Can't wait to try the specials.  Bonus: Pakistani tv.  

                The food here is simply amazing! The owners are extremely nice and always go out of their way to make guests happy. This is one reason to hit the shopping center in Marin City! Can't say enough good things about it, so come here and eat!  

                First time here. I stuck to some generic items fir flavor comparison.  Chicken tikka masala. Garlic naan.  Patak paneer.  Rose lassi.   I enjoyed it v much.  The owner/chef was extremely nice.  I liked the heat in the paneer. I'll go back to try one of the rotating specials that looked interesting.  

                Just ok. Seems mostly like a take out joint. There were bone shards in the curry and there was a hair on my plate.  

                Run, don't walk! Or rather, drive...since it is in a shopping center, unless you're taking GG Transit, you'll probably be driving there. I'm ready to go again tomorrow night...and regularly forever.  Yes, I love Indian food, but to find it just a couple of miles from home, easy parking, super reasonable prices, excellent service (very kind people run it!), and then to get large portions of delicious food? Yes, it's as good as it gets! Tikka Masala is just the right amount of spicy, naan is wonderful, and oh me oh my! The mango lassi is out of this world yummy!  Please, please invite all of your friends to go there so they stay in business for a very long time!  

                I wanted to like this place so badly... But the chicken curry had 5 pieces of bone dry chicken and the pakora was mostly fried batter, with one or two onions I could identify. Maybe I ordered wrong but the chicken was so hard and dry it was enough to scare me off for good.  

                First of all let me just say that the owner is a rare example, one that isn't all about the profit. Multiple times he's approached me and other customers and had genuine conversations. 2nd of all the curry is special, I'm usually not a fan, but I'm definitely a believer now. 5 stars isn't enough but I guess it will have to do  

                Extremely oily food. Horrible. No flavor, less salt, no spice. Absolutely no passion. I am amazed at how bad the food was. This is not authentic Indian or Pakistani food. Its an attempt. And a sad one at that. Pity. I had one good meal at this place and its consistently gone downhill. I hope the owner wakes up to the fact the people in the kitchen really mess things up and serve an excuse for a good meal. Good service is nothing if its not backed up by delicious food. I'm never going back. For the rest of you who do, I hope this review is a wake up call for the cooks.  

                No no no!!!! There is no way this is 5 stars. We ordered lamb curry and chicken korma to go. When we opened the Korma... it was the same color and taste as the curry.. The worst korma.. bar none I've ever had. The curry was a 2 outta 5 at best.. very disappointed.  I feel bad writing this review, but if I had taken rime ti read some of the lower (less suspicious) reviews, I would have given it a body swerve. The girl who served me was very friendly though.  

                They have good Quality but the place look like not very clean and the guy who run the place he thinks he is at home and he is so comfortable and he doesn't look clean.  

                I am incredibly happy this place is in my neighborhood. The Paneer tikka masala and the roti where both excellent. I got my to go order quickly and was offered chai tea while I waited.  Update: I got food poisoning on May 21st, 2014. I informed the restaurant but they insisted it was not from their food. It is my understanding they cannot take responsibility for legal reasons. So I this response is understandable. It may be that my system just can't handle the spices. Still I have never been so sick in my life. I am posting this for the safety of all. It is sad as this type of food is my favorite. I can't even stand the smell inside the restaurant. I am so bummed! I simply will not go to this place again.  

                If I could give 6 stars, I would. Shahid still makes my favorite Indian/Pakistani food. I'll give a list of other Indian/Pakistani restaurants that I've tried.  In SF: Darbar, Naan & Curry, Tikka Masala, Dosa, others In Austin, TX: G'Raj Mahal, Clay Pit, Asiana, Tarka, Bombay Bistro, New India In Southbay: Kabab & Curry, Shah, probably a few others  This used to be Tasty Curry in the Inner Sunset, SF. I would go there at least once per week, until they sold it. The only other time I've had Indian/Pakistani that I liked as much was homemade Chicken 65 from an Indian friend.  Maybe there are other essential Indian/Pakistani places that I haven't tried yet, but I drive up here from Sunnyvale for the food. They treat you like family too, which is awesome.  

                Really great food! The bread is amazing! Get the garlic bread and the ground beef special  

                We frequently shop in Marin City and I noticed the sign for a new restaurant BBQ N Curry, Indian and Pakistani.  Could it be? We love Indian.  My wife (without me) headed for the restaurant along with grandson who has recently become a fan of Indian food and raved how good it was, the menu selection and the friendly owners. There is some  difference between Indian and Pakistani food and it is in part the spices. I had the chance to have lunch there yesterday and wow...great.  I had the Keema and it was so aromatic and layered flavors.  One of the diners there had previously been a regular at their SF restaurant and she said she was a major fan and drove from the city to Marin City because "she had to...was missing her favorite dishes."   If you want a outstanding dining experience, make the drive to this new restaurant!  

                Goat? Yes please!  

