                Hands down, one of the best restaurants in San Francisco!  After making phone reservations, we came here with friends for an early dinner. Since we brought our dog with us, we sat outdoors. Upon request, the waitress brought some ice cubes for our dog. After browsing through the menu, ordered: - Gnocchi for appetizers - Pizza (grilled vegetables, tomato, pesto & mozzarella) - Pizza (funghi misti, tomato, fontina & thyme) - Risotto (funghi and truffled panna)  The gnocchi was actually roasted in the pan, different from the usual method of preparing gnocchi. It was delicious! The pizzas were thin crust, just like how I love them, the toppings were generous and they were real good. The risotto was EXACTLY what I had in mind - so decadent and delish. Absolutely love! I fell in love with the food and will no doubt come here again when I am in the city again.  

                Beautiful restaurant, loved the tables and the ambiance.  food wise- we ordered the kale salad, the sweet potato fries, the cauliflower, and two pizzas for 5 ladies.  It was so delish. We had the Marguerite pizza on steroids  and a pizza with zucchini.   all of the drinks we had were sooooooo good.  

                Some of the BEST wood fired pizza I've had in this city (IF you can get a seat, that is).  Came with a friend and snagged seats at the bar. After about 30 mins (20 mins after we were promised seats), we were seated at a small table near the window. Let the feast begin!  We started off with brussels sprouts, zucchini parmigiana with scamorza & basil, and asked for some grilled bread to soak up the freaking delicious sauce the zucchini is baked in.  Now on to the pizza! We ordered the spicy marinara, peperoncini & olives +anchovies +burrata. The anchovies were salty and complimented the brininess of the peperonchini's. So delicious, so yum.  So after being more than super full, we ordered panna gelato with extra virgin olive oil & sea salt which was perfectly salty, perfectly sweet, and something I wanted to order again right after we finished the first dessert.  Really like this hipster pizza joint. I'll be back when I don't mind waiting for noms.  

                Before this week, I hadn't been to Beretta in over 5 years. I've walked by it hundreds if not thousands of times since then and always thought I should go to Beretta more often. My experience this week proved that to me. On a Monday night, we arrived around 7 and were promptly seated (not sure if that's normal).   Everything I ate was absolutely phenomenal. We started with the Dungeness crab arancini (I have to take advantage of having crab whenever it's available!) were gooey, piping hot balls of crab, rice and cheese. Next up was the kale and romaine Caesar - I love Caesar salad but have never had it with kale. The addition of the kale was perfect since it gave the salad a bit more bite (and nutritional value)...and those croutons didn't hurt either! The star of the night was definitely the saffron risotto with osso bucco. We shared the dish but I could barely resist spooning it straight into my mouth.   An oldie but a goodie - Beretta is definitely back on my shirt list.  

                I'm the type of girl that needs to be fed every two hours. I'm not kidding...  Beretta would be the perfect place to stuff my face with carbs until I want to cry. I can't say no to those tasty Neapolitan pizza with prosciutto di parma, tomato, arugula, and mozzarella. Yum!   May I suggest getting the saffron with osso buco risotto? The braised veal shank was tenderly moist and juicy. A must order.  I have a weakness for risotto and I'm glad I order this bad boys!  Thank you Beretta for feeding this hungry girl in the middle of the day. You rock for opening at 4pm. Muah!  The simple things in life.  

                Delicious food, cheap and some of the freshest ingredients. Nice staff and gets packed fast.   Had the crab arancini. Decent amount of crabmeat and fried perfectly. Tiny but tastes great. Squid ink risotto was silky and rich. It tastes amazing. Got the margherita pizza with sausage. The mozzarella was super creamy.   Drinks are delicious too.  

                I love Beretta! I would even give this a 5 star rating if it weren't so difficult to get seats. Definitely go early or go late for dinner, and expect that the dining area will get very very loud.  That being said, Beretta is so highly affordable and does accessible, fresh, delicious Italian food perfectly. I'm not much of a drinker so I can't rate their cocktails, but everyone seems to love them.  Must-gets: burrata bruschetta, walnut bread, mushroom truffle honey, oh my god, just get it. It's the perfect, crusty bite of bread with delicious, creamy, burrata cheese and earthy, sweet, honey. YUM  For dessert, definitely get the panna gelato with extra virgin olive oil & sea salt. I know it sounds simple, but the combination of smooth vanilla gelato with a sprinkle of sea salt and the texture of olive oil will knock your socks off.  Definitely try: Saffron risotto with osso bucco. Never will you have risotto this delicious in SF for less than $15.   I know people enjoy their pizzas, but it's a skip for me. I'm picky about crust and I don't love the super thin flatbread style of their pizzas. But that's a personal preference.  Come early, come late, enjoy all!  

                Picked up a couple at SFO and after a brief conversation decided to go to Beretta on Valencia in the Mission.  Arrived at about 10:15 last night and it was packed but we got the last table in the corner near the kitchen. Turned out to be a great table as it was shielded a bit from the noise.  Beretta turned out to be a very good choice, everything was well prepared and tasty. Ordered and shared, eggplant caponatina with burrata, meatballs in spicy tomato sauce, fried sweet potatoes with gorgonzola and parmesan dip, cauliflower with pangratatto, capers and sage, kale and romaine caesar with parmesan croutons. Along with some wine all the starters were very good, my favorites being the meatballs, cauliflower and sweet potato fries.  Followed the starters with two pizzas, one being spicy Italian sausage, panna and green onions and the other suggested by our server, chorizo, tomato, Oaxaca cheese, cilantro. Both had excellent flavor and good chewy crust. I especially like what the simple addition of cilantro did for the chorizo pie, really pulled the flavors together. A large (and yummy) tiramisu and a chocolate gelato finished us off. Our server was friendly, helpful and efficient as the place was hopping.  Beretta turned out to be a great choice for us, just be prepared to wait if you get there at the wrong time. No reservations but there is call ahead seating. They serve dinner till 1:00 am.  

                Great place for a nice lunch with the family or a date.  PARKING: Street, we luckily found metered parking right in front but you have to pay $4 an hour...pretty steep.  I'm not sure if there is non-metered parking around the surrounding streets.  ATMOSPHERE: They have a large communal high table, bar area and then individuals tables.  It's not that big inside so I could see it getting crowded.  Hanging lights, wood, hipster feeling place.  Reminded me of a mix between Bestia and Baco Mercat.  WAIT: We didn't wait at all on a Saturday afternoon.  You can call ahead up to an hour to put your name down on the list, which is cool.  FOOD:   WINTER GREENS, PERSIMMON AND POMEGRANATE SALAD - great salad, light vinaigrette dressing with slices of persimmon and pomegranate seeds.  We got the large to share between two people and it was plenty.  PROSCIUTTO PIZZA - comes with mozzarella and arugula sprinkled on top.  Add an egg for an extra fee.  It's not uber salty, which was nice because the prosciutto is salty but some parts of the pizza didn't have that much flavor.  The crust is very thin and pretty crispy...I like my crust a little chewy so I was a little disappointed.  FRIES - My dad got the panini sandwich, which came with fries. The fries tasted like McDonald's fries (which is a good thing) and were SO GOOD.  Apparently they are cooked with rice oil, who knew!  Overall, a great place with big open windows and cozy atmosphere.  Food is good, you can't really go wrong with anything you order.  I could see this being a good place for dinner + drinks.  

                One of my favorite restaurants in the city at the moment..  I've been to Beretta twice now and it's all about that squid ink risotto that's got me coming back for more. The first time I came in for dinner with a couple friends and we had the arugula and fennel salad, the prosciutto di parma, tomato, arugula & mozzarella pizza, and of course, the squid ink risotto. The three of us shared a bottle of wine along with the meal.   For the second time around, I came in for a late lunch with my boyfriend. We tried the cocktails that we've heard so many good things about and shared the squid ink risotto between the two of us since it was his first time at the restaurant. I had the Lonsdale and he tried the Rattlesnake, both of which were very well-made..packed with flavor, and also really refreshing.  Beretta is a great date spot or a nice place to come by for a drink. I'd keep the groups to a 4-6 person max since the restaurant is a bit small.  

                First time I came here was with a date. Not a great first date place considering the music and overall noise level is pretty loud. But this time around, friends and I had our monthly dinner here and decided to ball out.  I had the carpaccio, winter gems with permissions salad, and squid ink risotto. Friends had carpaccio, kale salad, spinach and goat cheese risotto, and burrata pizza.  All were super delicious. However, walking home my stomach was NOT happy. My other friend said her stomach was feeling a little woozy too.. the only thing we both had that the 3rd person didn't have was the kale salad (caesar). So who knows! And it's not food poisoning (I hope)... but I sure did visit the bathroom when I got home.  I'll still come back many times :)  

                One of my favorite Italian restaurants in the city!  Yes, there are very few things I hate more in life than waiting in a line. And Beretta is notorious for long waits, especially on highly coveted nights like Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays. But you can call them up to an hour in advance and add your name on their wait list. The ideal scenario would be to add your name to the list before you leave your apt, kill ~30 min commuting there and then hang out at one of the nearby bars until your party is called. But if you can get past the wait and get into Beretta, your life will be changed!   The food is exceptional across the board. My personal favorite was the MUSHROOM RISOTTO. Dear god, the flavor, the texture, the consistency... it brought a whole new definition to the term "foodgasm." As a risotto connoisseur, I can safely say that it's one of the best ones I've ever had. The meatballs, lamb chops and pizza were also incredible. Our table loved the spicy italian sausage and the margherita burrata pizzas in particular.   We ordered a bottle of the sparkling rose ($44/bottle) and were thrilled with how well it paired with all of our food! I highly recommend sticking to bubbles, whites or very light reds as the food is a bit on the softer side here.   So when you get one of those strong cravings for Italian food in the future, definitely consider giving Beretta a try! You most definitely won't regret it.   Happy Eating, Yelpers!  

                Wow Wow wow magnificent food and fantastic ambience.  This restaurant is in the nicer part of the Mission. It was a Friday night and all the pretty people were out. It was fantastic.  We lucked out and got a table for 4 right away.  Jen ordered all the food for us! We had walnut bread with mushroom burrata and truffle oil, meat balls, chicken liver pate and gnocchi for starters. They were quickly devoured.  For mains we had lasagne and pizza. Sounds simple and they were simply delicious I mean.  We left satisfied and headed to Napper Tandys for a nightcap.   Great place and I'll be back  

                This was another place that I have been excited to try for sometime, but left disappointed.    We started out with the Gnocchi with Porcini & Smoked Pancetta.  It was really good.  The gnocchi was made in house.  However, I thought there was a little too much panchetta and it over powered the dish.  My main reason for coming here was the squid ink risotto.  I love squid ink risotto, however, this one wasn't that good.  Despite the black color, I did not taste any squid ink.   I do have to say that I did enjoy the atmoshere of this place.  it was very trendy.  However it is a little small, so it is good if your party is 4 or less.  It wasn't all together a horrific experience, so I would give this place another shot.  

                TRIPLE UPDATE.  I really enjoy this place, atmosphere and food. Regardless of time of day, random weekday evening, weekday daytime, or Friday late evening -- always great time to eat here. Surprisingly at 6pm Friday there were available tables, became prime time between 7:30-10 and the space starts to filters out. Great company, great food, good service, hip music, and nasty bathrooms (piss everywhere).  The order....   iL Molino de Grace - must have a Sangiovese. One glass is comfortable, two is letting yourself unwind. Had a good chill buzz and made me a little sleepier than I already was. HIGHLY RECOMMEND  Bruschette of Cresenza & broccoli Rabe - this was better than a typical Bruschette. Came with two pieces, toasted slice of bread with cheese and Rabe. I really enjoyed this dish, the broccoli Rabe has a very nice crunch and softness giving the dish a "green" taste. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.  BEEF CARPACCIO with arugula, Parmesan, and capers - I love each ingredient on it's own and also all together, but the capers and arugula distracts your palette away from the beef carpaccio.   SQUID INK RISOTTO with calamari - my favorite dish here. It's hard to describe the taste but to say trust my judgements because it is fantastically prepared. They garnish the dish with a pinch of green herbs on top which is a combination of cilantro, lime, anchovies, and possible avoo. I had asked for extra of it because it makes the dish ten times better. HIGHLY RECOMMEND  LASAGNA ALLA BOLOGNESE - serving was smaller than I had expected for $17 but it is filling and it is very good. I rarely order anything lasagna but was very glad it was ordered to share. Tasty and hearty, as pasta should be. HIGHLY RECOMMEND   PANNA GELATO with evoo and sea salt - creamy, buttery, and salty. Three great tastes in one. If you had panna cotto, you can imaging having it in gelato form. It was also like eating cold silky butter. Foodgasm and orgasmic on every spoonful. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.   Great place to sample multiple dishes and share with another. We left satisfied with happy tummies.   Will I be back? You don't have to ask me twice.  

                I never have a bad experience here.   Great food. Great drinks. Great service.  I just wish there was more parking!  

                3.5 stars!  Beretta is a great restaurant to come to after work with some friends for both drinks and dinner or for a date. They're known for their pizzas and cocktails, and I have to admit they are good at both of those.   I came here with a group of 6 and got:  -2 orders of Spicy Meatballs: Delicious! Each order comes with 2 pieces of decent-sized meatballs and 2 toasted breads. The meatballs are moist while the marinara sauce that comes underneath it is just so flavorful! I wanted to lick the plate clean, which I pretty much did with the bread that came with it.   -Dungeness Crab Arancini: The dish itself was delicious. I could taste the real crab meat in the arancini, and for what's supposed to be "fried risotto" it was pretty light which was a plus. My only problem with the dish was that it consisted of 4 pieces were tiny (probably two bites each), and for the price tag, I was a little let down.   -Margherita Pizza: This was okay. It was good, and I liked that their pizza crust/dough was crisp on the outside but chewy on the inside. The margherita was light, but it just wasn't a stand-out dish as I've had margherita pizza at other pizza places that execute the flavors much better.   -Proscuitto and Arugula Pizza: I enjoyed this one much better than the margherita. It was also still light, but the arugula and proscuitto all added subtle flavors that made the pizza light but not  bland. It's not an extremely creative pizza in terms of ingredients, but I thought the flavor was better executed than the margherita  -Squid Ink Risotto: The risotto is delicious. I usually steer clear from ordering risotto at italian restaurants because I can never eat more than a few bites (since it's usually on the rich and heavy side of dishes) but this one was executed well where the rice was still al dente but the risotto wasn't overloaded with rich and heavy flavors. My only concern was that I felt the flavors didn't pop out that much (I was expecting a stronger squid ink/overall seafood flavor) and there wasn't much calamari as I had expected, for the price tag.   Overall, I think the restaurant is great and everything is delicious. The reason I downgraded them to 3 stars were for a few reasons:  1. For an Italian restaurant, their menu isn't all that extensive outside of antipasti and pizza.  2. The service was a little rushed. We felt like the servers were in a hurry to get us in and out. I can understand that the restaurant gets packed, but for a pretty large group that ordered a lot of food and cocktails, I would've expected them to be a bit nicer.  3. Their pricetag in general for most of their dishes seem a little overpriced for the taste and portions, except their pizzas.   Would I come back? Maybe, if someone asked me to get dinner there again, but with the abundance of amazing Italian restaurants in SF, I don't think I would go out of my way to come here again.  

                Mistakes happen.   It's just an undeniable part of life, but sometimes those mistakes are really f*cking awesome. Like, for instance, me. I was a mistake... and what a grand mistake I was.   Not a good example? Well, fine. Jerks.   How about the time me and my lady friends came to Beretta for some cocktails and ended up getting lured in by the allure of their Neapolitan-style pizza, ordered a Pear and Gorgonzola pizza and a Veggie pizza, but were brought out some sort of margherita with kalamata olive pizza that we didn't realize wasn't our latter pizza until half of it was already gone. Oops on their part and oops on our part, but if they'd try to take that pizza back from us they would have had to pry it from my cold, dead hands. It might be my new favorite pizza.   Mistake pizza was definitely my favorite by a long shot, but all were pretty good and the best thing I'd eaten in the past few weeks.   Service was good but not overly friendly and even less so when I tried to light a match with a candle that was on the bar. That's a big no-no apparently, but I really couldn't help it because my OCD was cruising on high and that match needed to me lit.   The cocktails were pretty great, too, though getting a seat may be a different story. Especially when their bar is full of a buncha dicks, though I get the sense it was just our luck and a rarity for the venue to have such jerky jerks taking up way more space than necessary. I think the Grand Larceny cocktail was all our favorites, though some of us switched to sparkling rose after our first 2 rounds because I don't know... Girls night.  Pink things. Whatever.  

                Very disappointed with reservation process. Their website says you can call ahead to help with spot on waitlist (website say if no answer to leave voicemail and will be called back). However, they don't pick up the phone and don't call back the voicemails. Seriously, don't say obtaining a table works one way, and then not follow that process. Especially, don't say you will call back voicemails and then never call them back! In addition the hostess was very rude when we arrived regarding this policy (I didn't even bring it up!). There are way too many good restaurants out there to waste your time waiting for one that treats customers this way.  

                What an AWESOME spot for brunch! Affordable, no wait, great food. My personal entree was lackluster, but everything else made up for it.   COST: Very affordable! $19 total for my entree and split of the walnut bread starter.  THE WAIT: Best part ever. NONE for four at noon on a Saturday!!  MUST-HAVES: Carbonara pizza on the brunch menu! Walnut bread. And any drink.   BRUNCH: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beretta-san-francisco?select=X3bGViDl6I5aZ_3AXdeYjA#Q9HHbCmUR04g6-Ke5Zmw0w">yelp.com/biz_photos/bere…</a> * Pizza: carbonara w/ bacon, eggs, mozzarella, pecorino & cracked black pepper ($13) - 5 stars pic: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beretta-san-francisco?select=X3bGViDl6I5aZ_3AXdeYjA#ZTZpuzArGQwCjmvHHyRE3g">yelp.com/biz_photos/bere…</a> This was amazing! The bacon was more like ham, but it was thick and had an intense savory flavor. Not so much crisp if that's what you're looking for, but this was super rich and the runny yolks were the best.  * Budino: parmesan & scallion bread pudding topped w/ fried eggs over a mixed green salad ($11) - 3 stars pic: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beretta-san-francisco?select=X3bGViDl6I5aZ_3AXdeYjA#ZnVYY7I3reQT8qyTkFxFXQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/bere…</a> This and the carbonara were highly recommended by the bartender from the Brunch menu. He was spot on with the pizza, but I found this really lackluster and boring. The bread pudding wasn't too soft, and it had very little flavor. The salad underneath ends up getting squished and soggy, and the eggs are just kind of plopped on top.   * Pamplemmouse: gin, lemon, grapefruit, basil, elderflower ($9) - 4.5 stars pic: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beretta-san-francisco?select=X3bGViDl6I5aZ_3AXdeYjA#IfyeC-SHfGSTi2Rho1KMow">yelp.com/biz_photos/bere…</a> Amazing! Very refreshing, delicious, yet delightfully boozy.   ANTIPASTI: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beretta-san-francisco?select=X3bGViDl6I5aZ_3AXdeYjA#bKAipafVsSE__daLBFBbKA">yelp.com/biz_photos/bere…</a> * Walnut bread, burrata, mushroom-truffle honey ($8) - 4.5 stars pic: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beretta-san-francisco?select=X3bGViDl6I5aZ_3AXdeYjA#A9P07wQmPJnlJwu2yiym1w">yelp.com/biz_photos/bere…</a> cross-section: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beretta-san-francisco?select=X3bGViDl6I5aZ_3AXdeYjA#k0zkPxDbJIYbwZBdrJ0hlg">yelp.com/biz_photos/bere…</a> I really liked this as a starter. The bread had just enough crisp to add texture, which contrasted well with the thick creamy burrata. The sweetness mixed with the subtly savory flavor of the burrata worked great.  Regular pizza menu: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beretta-san-francisco?select=X3bGViDl6I5aZ_3AXdeYjA#W3IwY5NoHF0oUW7CM8Jx2A">yelp.com/biz_photos/bere…</a> Regular cocktail menu: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beretta-san-francisco?select=X3bGViDl6I5aZ_3AXdeYjA#YH1ZBr4324SWhFFdDsP2ZA">yelp.com/biz_photos/bere…</a>  I saw the bartender making these cocktails and they looked amazing (I asked what he was making): Añejo Sour (tequila, lemon, agave, egg white, $11) & Nuestra Paloma (tequila, elderflower, cointreau, grapefruit, bitters, $10)!  

                Great pizza, great burrata appetizer. Can get a bit over crowded but the food is worth it!  

                I've been to Beretta on several occasions and I've always enjoyed myself.  I love their pizzas and their risotto and their selection of appetizers.    This particular evening was a disappointment, however.  We called in at 9 PM to take advantage of their phone wait list system since we anticipated stopping by around 10 PM for a late night meal.  When we arrived past 10 PM, the hostess informed us that we were next on the list and she would text us.  We went back to wait in the car since it was a brisk night.    Thirty minutes later and still no text, so my husband went back to check.  The two parties that were AFTER us on the iPad wait list they were using had been seated and the hostess was nowhere to be found.  When he was finally able to flag down someone to ask about what happened, a gentleman responded with, "Don't worry about it, you're next."  Thanks for the unhelpful response.  And thanks for not acknowledging your error.  Don't have a call in wait list system if you're not going to follow it.   I expect better from you Beretta, but maybe with a full house on a Sunday evening, they can afford to be rude to guests. Or maybe they only serve people dressed in plaid.  

                We really love the antipasta - it is uniformly excellent. Some highlights are the cauliflower, the zucchini parm, the eggplant caponatina with burrata, the dungeness arancini and the lamb chops (which were a bit overdone but still tasty). We also got the osso buco risotto which was to die for. The pizza is good but the crust isn't as delicious as some other places.   The service is outstanding - we've brought our daughter with us and they have been really friendly and accommodating. Great place to have on the rotation.  

                I really do hate being the one of the few people who didn't have a glowing experience at a restaurant that a majority of folks loved... I feel like the jerk.   But, I'm willing to settle right in the comfort-zone of three stars. Clearly Beretta serves up some delicious pizzas and Italian fare, otherwise where would all these awesome reviews come from? But, the super-attentive service was where this spot excelled for me, while the food left much to be desired.   To me, a great pizza is not easy. And it looks like Beretta does a great job, however--I didn't really LOVE the flavor notes in their red sauce, nor did I enjoy their pepperoni. And this is sad for me, since I love pizza. Regardless of my personal taste, you could tell they know how to make a damn good pie. Our appetizers were mostly bread-driven with their unique and fresh toppings. Again, good, but not mind-blowing. But I did appreciate their fresh and simple take on a Caesar salad.   To make matters a bit worse, we have a lot of pizza joints like this where I live and I like them all better (as far as sauce goes) than the ones here. This is a rare phenomenon. Cleveland hardly ever beats what I can taste and experience in San Francisco, but it did in this particular instance. Bummer.   Any-who, their superb service made the experience very enjoyable, I just didn't personally like their pizzas. But I wouldn't shy anyone away from trying Beretta! Especially not based on just my personal tastebuds.  

                Hands down, my favorite pizza place and one of my favorite restaurants in the city. A must try is their margarita pizza with fresh burrata. It has everything you want in a pizza: crispy crust that doesn't get soggy, AMAZING sauce with the perfect balance of the tangy tomatoes and spices from the gods, and that oh so creamy fresh burrata. I can't get enough! Seriously though, I think I've been there each week this past month. That is saying a lot because they are always packed no matter what day of the week it is.   One of my other favorite dishes is their walnut bread with burrata, mushroom, truffle, and honey. It really is the perfect combination of flavors and textures; crunchiness from the bread, creaminess from the burrata, the savory richness from the truffle, with a hint of sweetness from the honey. I love simple dishes that pack in a lot of flavor, and this has got to be one of my all-time favorites.   Even though I'm not usually big on Italian food, I think I've liked pretty much everything that I've tried here. Their gnocchi appetizer is really flavorful as well as filling. Their squid ink risotto is really really good. Also, save room for dessert! Their panna gelato with olive oil is sooooo good.   Pro-tip: if you want to skip the line, ask to be seated outside. They have tables set outside under a bunch of heaters. Much more quiet than the indoor area if you don't feel like yelling your conversation over the pizza.  

                Pros: - super tasty sweet potato fries with gorgonzola cheese dip. I love each separately but would have never paid them. Together they were heaven. The cheese was heaven by itself, too.  - delicious pizza!!! My group ordered two vegetarian friendly ones and I actually really liked them. - even more amazing desserts!!! The vanilla ice cream with olive oil and sea salt was yummy, as was the chocolate with amaretto crumble. The tiramasu was pretty standard, but still good. - complimentary Caesar salads from the kitchen because too many were made.  - awesome private room and service. My friend booked the private area for our group of ten. It was very intimate despite the other two private groups in there. Our waiter was very attentive.  - very accommodating to dietary restrictions. My friend has a gluten allergy and they gladly walked her through all the options and let her make whatever adjustments as hr needed to the preset menu for our group. - great preset menu rate. The bride and groom paid for dinner, but they said the four-course meal was very reasonably priced. - great energy, vibe and decor.  Cons: - the Margherita pizza didn't have nearly enough cheese - the cauliflower appetizer was very bland; it looked great but fell flat. It also came out late. - the private room was like a sauna. Yes, there were a lot of bodies in there, but it was as if the AC wasn't working of the heat was on. - one toilet per gender. There was s long line at each the entire two hours we were there, which I'd pretty ridiculous. For a restaurant that size, there should have been more.  

                First stop on the Mission Mezcal crawl today. John mixed 3 phenomenal drinks: the Nuestra Paloma with Ancho Reyes (John's special), an Oaxacan Old Fashioned (my favorite), and a Grand chichi Negroni. Educated me on mixology, including a tour of Vermouth. Stole my heart.   The food is phenomenal here too.  Pair almost anything with the spicy margherita with burrata. You won't regret it.  

                Great place to go with your friends. The atmosphere was filled with bits and bits of friendly chit chat from all around the restaurant.   I ordered a Chicken Liver Crostini all toscana. Delicious start to the meal.   Ended with an Italian Sausage pizza. You have to order an egg on top. The creamy yolk on the pizza made it mouthwatering.   Will definitely come again.  

                I've been here twice. The first time the hostess forgot about my friend and I and left us waiting outside in the winter cold for 1.5 hours, even though her stand is literally right outside the picnic bench where we were sitting, and I asked her how much longer the wait was three times. She definitely never called our names. But the waiter was super nice and comped part of our meal when he found out (which she should've done). The second time there was no such mishap, which was good. Reservations have to be made in person.  Items I've tried: Beef carpaccio with arugula, parmesan & capers 9 Burrata bruschetta, walnut bread, mushroom truffle honey 9 Prosciutto di parma, tomato, arugula & mozzarella 15 Squid ink with calamari risotto 15 Meatballs in spicy tomato sauce 8  Each and every item I've had here is fantastic, but keep in mind the portion sizes are small. I would order at least 1 appetizer + 1 main per person.  This is a very small, nice, intimate place, dimly lit. Don't be surprised if you end up sharing a long table with some other people. I would not recommend this place on a Friday/Saturday night for a first date unless you come super early (like, before 6:00 PM) because it gets super noisy around 8 PM and you will hardly be able to hear each other.  With the noisy inside, packed seating, and the long wait, it's kind of an ordeal to eat here ... so this isn't the kind of place you just stop by on a busy night -- it takes some planning. But the food was so good, it makes me want to come back!  

                Was looking for a late night dinner spot (we just weren't hungry til 10pm) to lounge with friends and celebrate the bf's birthday. Beretta popped up on Yelp with a good rating and a good amount of reviews. Plus it closes at 1 am on a Tues night giving us plenty of time to eat, drink, and chat.  Parking can be a bit tricky since it's the Mission and all metered street parking with few residential areas. Luckily it was a bit later so parking was easy to find.  Walking up to the restaurant, the outside was simple yet modern. They have a nice bench outside for when there's a wait and they have outdoor seating with heated lamps. Inside they had a nice bar with bar seating, bench tables, and regular tables. The lighting was dim. It had a trendy ambiance. Many of the customers were dressed up, looked like a real fancy restaurant when we walked in. I even had to ask the hostess if there was a dress code because some of our party was dressed down, I mean in basketball shorts and a t shirt. The reassured that there's no dress code.  Minus 1 star because we had a party of 4 and 2 of us were there early (which is half and reasonable in my opinion to be seated) and they made us wait until the entire party was there. I would understand if the place was packed and there was a line, but there were multiple open tables available and no other parties waiting to be seated. So we had to wait outside in nighttime chilly sf weather for the other two to arrive.  We ordered a bottle of wine based on our waiter's recommendation. It was a great pick and we ended up ordering 2. (Sorry don't remember the name) Price was reasonable, $36 per bottle.  Now for the food:  1. Chicken Liver Crostini: I liked it and would give it 4 stars. It wasn't a pate but actual liver chunks and had real liver flavor. It is a bit gamey.  2. Meatballs: 4 stars. Very flavorful and juicy.  3. Herb Onion bread w/ EVOO: 5 stars. A MUST GET. We were fighting over this. The bread was flavorful and hot with a little bit of crunch. A pretty hearty appetizer. And you can't go wrong with some olive oil.  4. Dungeness Crab Arancini with Calabrese Aioli: 5 stars. Another MUST GET. This was delicious too. Loads of flavor, nice big size, and real crab meat inside. The sauce complimented it very well too. Prob my fav dish of the night.  5. Squid Ink Risotto: First time trying squid ink and I LOVED IT. The first few bites were a 5 but overall I would give it a 4.5. It is very buttery, rich, and heavy. I definitely wouldn't be able to it all myself. Definitely a dish too share because of the richness and heaviness. I took off half a star because after a while it gets harder to eat.  6. Grilled Vegetables, Tomato, Pesto & Mozzarella Pizza- We added sausage to ours. 5 stars. I'm not a pizza fan, but I enjoyed the pizza here. It was very flavorful and I like that it's thin crust.  Service was excellent. Price was reasonable. Our bill came out to be a little over $200 for 4 people.   I had a great experience here and will definitely be returning. Definitely a great place for friends to have good food and drinks. It's also a good date spot too.  I'll have to have a girls night out here.  

                The pizza was great, the meatballs were excellent, and the calimari risotto was different but good. All in all, for a relatively cheap, nice meal, it was very good.    Two downsides: 1.  It does get very loud 2.  EVERYTHING has cheese in it.  I went with my girlfriend who is lactose intolerant and there were no entrees without cheese and only a few appetizers were dairy free.  Though they could do the pizzas without cheese.  

                I came here Saturday night for a friends birthday dinner. First, that they accommodated 10 people for dinner on Valentine's Day was amazing, and second they offered a great selection of food and different price offerings for a set menu.   We ended up getting a four course meal for $45 per person. I find that very reasonable. Some of the highlights from the menu included:  - Frito misto di pesce that came with an amazing sauce that had just enough spice.  - Zucchini parmigiana with scamorza & basil. - Margherita pizza, though I know this can be plan the sauce is amazing.  - Saffron Risotto with Osso Buco  We also ordered a punch bowl to start for the table. We went with the Gin version. Its very sweet, so I would not order again, but it does serve 10 people well. The rest of the night we drank wine, which we had brought with us.   If you are going with a large party I would request that first and second course dishes come out together. Meaning all first course options. We sat down officially at 845 and didn't get our main course until 1130, which we all felt was a little to late. However, if you start earlier it may not be a problem.   Overall, the amount of food for the price and the service was great. I would recommend to anyone looking for a place to host a larger party for dinner.  

                I love the drinks here! Really delicious and strong cocktails, must try at least once. The bartender really put a lot of effort into making it.   Food is just okay. Tried the carbonara pizza and couple other dishes and I wouldn't say I'm impressed. The pizza had decent flavor, but nothing special.   Service was nice and I like the ambience.   Overall, 3 stars for food and 4.5 for the cocktails so I rounded the rating up to a 4.  

                Beretta is quite a classy joint that we picked based on the reviews and also the fact that I hadn't yet had my bougie pizza fix for the month.   After perusing the menu for 10 minutes me & the bf were certain of what we wanted to order and went for it. He grabbed a bottle of Einstock Icelandic White Ale (partly because he just liked saying the idea of saying the word Einstock) while I opted for their Paloma.    We started with a few orders of antipasti: Marinated Olives Marinated w/ Fennel & Orange Zest, Beet Salad W/ Ricotta Salata, and Gnocchi w/ Pancetta & Porcini mushrooms. The olives were tender, bright green Manzanilla's (can't really go wrong with olives!) and the Beet Salad was a lot bigger than we realized and very filling with a nice shaved cheese. The Gnocchi was what really stood out and was aggressively seasoned and very hearty for being a starter.  Sharing is caring, so we split a Prosciutto and Arugula pizza. The highlight of the pizza was surprisingly the sauce, which was herbalicious and delightful. Both of us spent the majority of our mastication trying to figure out how to take a bite of a slice without eating an entire piece of prosciutto (which basically requires you to grab onto the slice and the prosciutto simultaneously while taking a bite).  As we finished our pizza, our server was wiping the crumbs away from the table and I somehow managed to cross arms with him and knocked the remainder of my cocktail over like a complete idiot. Our server was really great about it and got me a fresh drink (despite my complete malfunction) and I took extra care to not be a total klutz with the new drink.   We skipped dessert, but walked out with smiles and full bellies.  

                Ain't nothing wrong with Beretta. Nope, not at all. Lovely setting, hoppin' inside (it will get loud and you should probably just get used to it), and plenty of nice vittles on the menu.  We had a few pizzas, and nothing really grabbed me by the collar to give me a big Italian kiss on both cheeks. And while squid ink is more novelty than seasoning, I actually liked their squid ink risotto. Not loved. But liked. I did love me the beets.  So why not grab some friends and come down here? Or sit at the big communal table in the middle and make some new friends? Get there early like us and you'll have no wait. Then get out and hit the streets for nearby ice creams, cocktails, or other lovely bites.  

                Beretta is dim, sexy, and requires a hell of a wait, but the food is worth waiting for.  They don't take reservations for groups smaller than 6, but advertise a one hour 'place-holding' service if you call ahead.  Annoyingly enough, they don't actually answer their phones when they're busy (which is always), so that service is pretty defunct.    The long wait aside, the food was really quite delicious. The standout dishes were the funghi risotto and the spicy sausage pizza.  Great flavors and textures, reasonable portions-- good for sharing!  The squid ink risotto was also good, but had a really zesty citrus hint that I wasn't sure I loved.  The eggplant appetizer with burrata was kind of a throwaway dish. It wasn't bad but wasn't worth ordering again in the future.   The atmosphere is super trendy, with lights that don't burn bright enough to serve any real functional purpose.. Service felt rushed towards the end, like they were in a hurry to get us out the door after we had waited for an hour and a half to be seated. Honestly, if the food wasn't as good as it ended up being, this would have easily been a 3-star review.  You can thank the risotto.  

                Wow is this place obnoxiously annoying to get a table at.  My husband and I have been wanting to come here for a while now, but seeing as there's ALWAYS a wait (even on a random Monday or Tuesday night for dinner), we just had never made the effort.    Finally, we built up the ambition to check this place out (we opted for a Monday to hopefully reduce our wait time, if only a bit).  One good tip is that while they do not take reservations, you can call to put your name in and they will hold your reservation for up to an hour.  After checking in, you may still need to wait, however - just a head's up.    We ended up ditching our name on the list, as two spots at the bar opened up while we were waiting for our table.  We don't mind eating at the bar; plus, the tables inside are somewhat close together, so we felt like we still got the same amount of privacy (plus - no waiting for your drinks ;)).  As for the FOOD: Nummy, nummy, nummy.  We didn't know where to start in terms of ordering...there was too much we wanted, so it was hard to strike things from the list.  We ended up promising ourselves that we'd just have to be back ;)  Here's what we ordered:  1) Margherita pizza - yum; loved the sauce and burrata (please, oh please, upgrade to the burrata - we always do anywhere if there's the option).  Not my favorite pizza in SF (I prefer Pizzeria Delfina or Delarosa for this style of pizza) - but still very good. 3.5 - 4 stars  2) Herb Onion Bread with olive oil (4 stars) - very delicious bread.  We even took our extra home.  3) Winter greens with persimmon & pomegranate (3.5 stars) - We ordered this item so EVERYTHING wasn't heavy and carb loaded :))  Least favorite thing we had - but in comparison to other salads we've had out, I'd say this was pretty good.  4) Dungeness crab arancini with calabrese aioli (4.5 stars) - Favorite item of the night.  LOVED these little seafood croquettas.  Will definitely order again.  Overall - Great experience.  Will definitely be back.  Just wish the wait wasn't so long and they took reservations!  

                Ambiance is very intense. Music is loud but good (alternative, indie). i mean the noise is pretty loud. Two persons next to each other Can hear each other, but i would not know How to chat over a table... We were at the community table but People were Talking louder and louder.  Appetizers were very good: meatball (!!perfect in its tomato sauce) and the  salad With burrata. Drinks were Also very créative and delicious. Service was very very quick. The waitress was kind and authentic.  Problem i encounter: ink squid risotto, WAY too Much Oil (probably the pesto...) it was soaking, big stomach ache afterwards. It never happens to me usually.  In conclusion , this place is more like a supper club, quick and late tasty food in a fun , young, busy & vibrant ambiance .  

                Great service,   They have some pretty killer cocktails at the bar. We hung out and waited for our table to be ready and then were sat at a nice quiet area in the back of the restaurant.   . We started off with the tiny cup of soup which was delicious and then I had the clams (special) and something else that was exquisite.   All the dishes here have really good flavors going on particularly their personal pizzas w/ sausages!!!  

                REVIEW #800. I had to save it for a special place like Beretta!!   I came here for dinner with my husband and a friend. The 3 of us decided to dine at the bar to avoid the 45 minute wait for a table. The bar was an equally awesome choice because we got to watch the skillful bartenders make the drinks. I saw one of them even lighting a drink on fire. It's an understatement when I say the drinks here are AMAZING! I tried the Lonsdale (gin, apple, lemon, basil, honey) and the Golden Record (gin, lemon, oloroso sherry, raspberry, bee resin) and they were both VERY well made and tasted so smooth and delicious!  I also tried some of my husband's Old Fashioned and it was the best one I've ever had!   For food, we shared a few dishes: - burrata bruschetta, walnut bread, mushroom truffle honey: SO good. It was only 3 pieces so 1 for each of us. I could have eaten like 5 more. The burrata was perfection especially with the truffle flavors. YUM! Highly recommend this one! - pizza with prosciutto di parma, tomato, arugula, and mozzarella: This pizza was tasty but wasn't really that special or mind-blowing. They have a lot of other yummy-sounding pizzas on the menu that may be better.  - risotto with funghi and truffled panna: DELICIOUS! This was my absolute favorite dish of the night. Best risotto ever, hands down. If you love truffle, get this!  - broccolini with calabrese chili and garlic: a good veggie side to balance out the meal. I wish the broccolini itself was a little more smokey or had a little more flavor... thankfully the chili and garlic pieces made up for it.   Overall a great restaurant with AMAZING drinks and great food! Definitely a must-try in SF and now one of my faves in NorCal!   Note: They don't take reservations but if you want a table and don't want to wait long, you can call in ahead of time to put your name on the waiting list.  

