                A bit wacky, offbeat but lot's of fun, Bergamot Alley is a very cool concept. Where other places (bars) have the usual array of local California wines, BA serves up hard to find artisan European producers which serves as an interesting contrast to every other bar in the area. It is also a wine shop where you can purchase by the bottle. No California wines to be found here.  There are many events that take place here. Recently BA had an eight part (weekly) series of wine tastings and seminars featuring the wine regions of Italy. We have attended two of the eight, first was the wines of "The Great Northeast" which are Friuli and Veneto and this past Thursday we tasted the wines of Piedmont. These tastings are very informative, often there are guest speakers but if not, owner of BA Kevin fills in without any problem. He is a wealth of information. The seminars are also a tremendous value, both of the tastings we attended featured good pours of 13 different wines for $30.00. Just a great way to sample interesting wines you normally would not drink. The wines that are sampled are available to purchase after the event.  Only food served is grilled cheese which I haven't had but heard it's really good. If you are looking to try some tasty wines from Europe in a fun mellow atmosphere, give Bergamot Alley a try.  

                I had read great things about this place and was excited to check it out.  It was a bit challenging to find due to the scaffolding and plywood maze-like entrance, but it was definitely worth the challenge.  Upon entering, there is a wall of wines for retail sale and communal tables.  I was confused about the procedure, but there really is none: sit wherever there's a seat and order food/drinks at the bar.  If you can squeeze through the crowd, there is a bar in the rear which generally has seats at off-times.    Their wine list leans international but this is by no means a bad thing--it's very eclectic and is more economical than other local options.  The staff is extremely knowledgeable and can help you choose something to your liking.  The beer selection is craft-centric with lots of interesting options.  And last but not least: the grilled cheese.  OMFG.  I had the vegan option with "regular" (not gluten free) bread and my husband had the mushroom/gruyere.  It comes with chips and a pickle, which, in my opinion, could be a bit more generous, but I guess they don't have to because I am still scheming, dreaming of getting my next vegan grilled cheese fix.  And they have homemade hot-as-hell hot sauce.  Mmmm.  Why only 4 stars?  They need a better food-delivery system.  The food took a really long time and then our sandwiches didn't come out together.  They were then served to another party at the bar but rescued before touched by strange hands (they could have been breathed on, which is gross).  The bartender also had a hard time telling us which sandwich was which.  We ate them anyway because we were so hungry, but this should not be so difficult.  In any event, we will be back!  

                Omg omg omg ... THE BEST SERVICE AND ENERGY this place is a gem and really cool place to dine . We were totally taken care of above and beyond from not only Katlyn  our waitress , host and bartender but also the neighboring business Campo Fina  Theses two business have gems of service  And  out of this world food ...they worked together as a team and created one of the most enjoyable experiences me and my Bo happy to be... Xxoo guys u rock .. Will be back soon !!!!  

                Not very friendly staff, made me feel like I was bothering them to order a drink. Was overcharged for my alcohol also. Won't be back.  

                Had a great time here last night.  Kevin the owner took care of us and it was awesome.   Cool record player set up and amazing album collection.  Kevin kept the tunes going.  Great vibe, wine, beer and food.  

                Hey! this place is super sweet. Lots of moonlight brews on tap which is pretty rare but i like it! we had a glass red and i think it was a blend but the aroma was very off-putting (personal preference im sure) so that was a bummer for us. Not sure how long this place ha been around but hopefully it lasts for a while.  

                LOOOOVE the classic grilled cheese.  Best. Ever.  

                Out of this world grilled cheese!!!  Roast beef and caprese sandwiches were phenomenal. Perfect amount of cheese and other essential ingredients.   The place was busy for a Tuesday night too. Great service, really well decorated. Loved the door above the chefs area.   Great find. We stumbled in by accident. A happy one at that.  

                This place is just so damn charming. From the record menus, to the actual record player, the school-like furniture, and the lovely bartenders. Everything is so damn cool.   Came here twice during our weekend stay in Healdsburg. Bartenders were absolutely lovely. I had some great refreshing wines. On Sunday, they had a live band playing some awesome bluegrass type music. So festive, without being too loud or overwhelming.  I highly recommend this place!  

                What a find!!!! Bacon and corn muffins are amazing!! Went on Valentine's Day for a drink - DJ and the dance party was awesome but we could still sit and play board games! You must go here!!  

                Where's the beef? That's what anyone will be asking when they order a sandwich here. Long wait for dense bread, light cheese (it's sold as a grilled cheese! ), lots of soggy onion, and practically no meat. Not worth you're time. Maybe others are rating this on the bar and live music. I can't speak to that, but don't come for the food, for sure. And no soda. It's all earthy-crunchy probiotic nonsense. Thanks I'll have water with my dense bread sandwich.. Blech.  

                As a live music venue, this place is a complete failure. It's a long, narrow brick corridor, which is terrible for sound. The house sound system is totally inadequate for making up for the room's shortcomings. They place the musicians by the front window, so that when you open the door you're stepping onto the stage. There are no sight lines; unless you sit at the front table (and sometimes even then) people will be standing in front of you.  We came to hear the T Sisters, a sublime harmony singing group, and we left at intermission because it was just too horrible. To make things worse, sitting at our table next to us was a group of people who obviously had no interest in the music but kept yakking at top volume to drown out the sound.  Wine selection? Interesting but overpriced. Food? Variations on grilled cheese sandwiches - both we had were meh.  Bergamot Alley needs to make some decisions: 1. Do you want to be a music venue or a social club? Your space cannot accommodate both.  2. Do you care about local business or do you just want to rip off tourists? Search your souls.  I won't be going back.  

                My boyfriend and I decided to take an impromptu trip to Healdsburg and we stopped by this place because we saw that there was live music... and we're suckers for live music... :P The band was The Crux and they were pretty darn good! We wound up buying some CDs ;) ANYWAY the only reason that I'm gonna knock off a star is because it was so claustrophobic and smelled SOOOOOO bad like B.O. in there!!!!!!!!! Like middle school locker room status. They need some air fresheners asap!!! I sat by the fan most of the time haha. Otherwise this place is hella chill and if I lived in Healdsburg I would totally come here a lot... armed with Febreze of course XD OH and if you're a Mighty Boosh fan, one of the guys who works there is practically a real-life Howard Moon (I forget his name though). My God. The bar also plays VINYL on their stereo!!!!!! SO MANY KUDOS. And so I asked to take a picture with real-life Howard Moon man and asked him if he had any jazz records to pose with and he, not having a friggin clue who Howard Moon is, pulls out a CHARLIE MINGUS RECORD HAHAHAHAH NO WAY!!!!! (If you watch Boosh you will understand lmao.) I practically died. Ok so yeah that's my Bergamot Alley experience! Good stuff. Good beer. Good people...who smell ridiculously bad. ;)  

                Wow - our first stop in Healdsburg, and we were so enthralled. Bergamot Alley is fun to sit in, look at, experience in general. So many pieces of art and strange sculptures on the walls - each direction you look will keep your eye wandering for more.   The guy pouring the vino was friendly and we asked for recommendations - not disappointed with his choices. Sadly we didn't have enough time to make it back before our short trip ended, but we will be adding Bergamot Alley to the list of places we must stop in the future.  

                Honestly, Bergamot is one of the coolest things going in Healdsburg. They have fantastic music (all played on vinyl, a major plus), great beers and wine, a beautiful room, and decent prices. I think it's probably the best place to get a beer in all of Healdsburg.  

                Possibly the coolest hole-in-the-wall bar I've ever been to. Excellent beers. Not much of a wine drinker but ambiance is very calming and down to earth. Love stacked elementary school desks, plants in the wall and the record player tunes. Groovy place guys.  

                I wish I could find a bar like Bergamot Alley close to home.  They have a really interesting interior with brick walls, art murals, and a disco ball.  They have board games.  The menus are adapted record album covers.  They play vinyl records-- albums start to finish!  When my boyfriend and I walked in, they were playing "Aja" by Steely Dan, and later, they played "Rumours" by Fleetwood Mac.  They offer a really nice selection of beers and wines.    I would love to have a bar like this in SF that *stays* cool like this instead of becoming too popular and becoming a douchebag convention.  

                Cool spot, with very interesting wine selections, a groovy sound system and a relaxed, competent vibe. Lovely old space with brick walls and exposed beams. Great, eclectic wine selection guaranteed to expose you to something new. Luckily, the wines are expertly curated, so there is little risk of picking a dud. You are in good hands here.  

                Love the atmosphere in this joint, relaxing, and mellow! The staff are extremely helpful and knowledgable! Must see spot in healdsburg!!!  

                Beyond cool! How refreshing to go into a wine bar/retail shop and see so many imports. Yay! Love the record player. Love the school furniture. Love the nerdy awesome wine geeks who work there, and who seem to be having the time of their lives doing so.   Thank you for bringing this vision to life. It's amazing.  

                This venue is exactly what Healdsburg needs! Between Dive Bar #1 and Dive Bar #2 , there isn't much night life to speak of in the area immediately surrounding the Square. The decor and lighting are hip and new in that rustic-vintage kind of way, with hand painted walls on one side and lovely succulents artfully placed in the exposed brick walls on the other.   The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful, and seating is first come first serve community style. I was able to read my book in peace listening to the sweet tunes coming from the record player.   I should mention you won't fine Napa/Sonoma County wines here - their goal is to expose all the locals and visitors in an already saturated market to new varietals, namely a couple of the delicious Italian wines I was able to try out. If you are vino'd out - don't fret - they have beers on tap too!  ANNND, they have a little store in the back and a super-secret 'wine-porn' room behind a ceiling mounted door so you can take some goodies home with you.  Bravo!  

                Not really a bar.  More like someone's basement hang-out with vinyl records playing, a projector showing random videos on the painted wall, and a selection of "non California" wines that will blow you away.  You'll feel instantly at-home and about as comfortable as you can get in a public space.  Try to keep your pants on, dude.  

                My local book group met at Bergamot Alley this week to talk about our latest book and drink some fun wines. Kevin was a gracious host, attending to each of needs to suggest some interesting glasses of wine. We even got to try a few to find just the right fit and he knew everything there was to know about the wines, down to amusing side stories. We brought in our own gourmet pizza and cookies to nosh. I live in Healdsburg and am in the wine business so it's sort of hard to impress me, but count me impressed. Loved the music and the homey, hipster cool vibe (considerably dampened by our school marmish presence). I can't wait to come back on a date with my sweetheart.  

                Sat there drinking a glass of their very expensive wine for 20 minutes, and no one talked to me.  This local will let the tourists have this spot all to themselves.  Lame!  

                Off the chain!  Kevin - GREAT JOB !!  As per another reviewer - This is EXACTLY what HB needs and I agree. Class - Class - Class.  Simple and Tasteful - just the way I like it.  The LP system is timeless and the wood tables are solid and almost as nice as the lighting.  The "Porn-Room"  of wine makes me want to spank it upon sight!  The elevating, counter-weighted door is enough to make the room a cool space by itself - but when you see Kevin's private stash.....hello...buy me a beer first Sailor! Great collection!  Our devoted support to a great space and offerings is guaranteed.  Thank you, thank you - THANK YOU !!   (Attended Rachael's B-Day tonight and what a perfect spot for a meet and greet - good choice Rach and here's to one more year!  May we all be 27 for the duration.)  

                This is the new hot spot in Healdsburg.  Whenever there's a lull in Sonoma County entertainment, we bring friends here and have a great time.  Why just last weekend, we were here again for another live music show with Perros de Amor.  The line was out the door, but luckily we got in just in time.  The wine is always excellent and the staff loves what they do and will specially select a glass just for you.  Insider tip, I have ordered Franco's pate everytime I come in and half the time it is sold out.  Ok, pate eaters, whoever you are, save some for me next time mmmkay?  

                My friends and I stumbled upon this place on a rainy Thursday night. It's not that noticeable while you're just walking by, but it's so worth it. I love the dark lighting in there, exposed brick wall, and the long tables that look like refurbished school benches. Classy! It was the perfect cozy hang out spot on a rainy night. The first thing I noticed about the menu was the thoughtful craft brew selection, but my friends and I decided to share a bottle after being poured extremely generous tastings from the awesome host. The wines were all non-Californian and reasonably priced! Live music on Sundays and movies on Mondays. I will definitely be back!  

                this is definitely the best place in town after ravenous was bought out...  keep it up, guys... movie mondays, that's my deal. always awesome music. hella friendly staff. i'm in.  serious, they had a ping pong tournament. i just wish the crowd wasn't so old peopley all the time, makes me feel outta place in my own element!  

                Interesting place. Came in about 6:30 tonight; no other customers there but us 2 old geezers. Nice change in wine selections (France, Spain, Italy, etc.) Vinyl record player is catchy; pretty loud though (but then again we are old.) Was told no more live music; maybe movies will be back Monday nights or every night with music in background (?) and maybe a kitchen too.  

                Love! Great wine selection, even better beer selection (I try a new one each time I go), awesome service, and great music playing on vinyl. That's all that needs to be said! Thank you Bergamot for a welcome breath of fresh air!  

                I'm excited to have a new place in town that is a bit on the more casual side. The wines are a refreshing departure from Sonoma County (which is nice every once in a while), and their beers are awesome! The service rocks as well. Go see for yourself.  

                Despite the fact that I kept calling Kevin "Jeff" all night, he was pleasant and cordial throughout!  I had read the reviews about this place and was really intrigued to try it out.  It was fabulous! Being that we are smack in California wine country, I'm always a bit timid about trying French, Italian, Spanish wines.  Kevin was very friendly and made selecting a wine easy. He let us try different things and made great suggestions.  There was great music playing and it was just an overall excellent place to visit. We'll definitely be back!  

                I know a decent amount about wine, but when it comes to European wine, I don't know my nose from my knee.  I told Kevin what kind of wine I was in the mood for, and he threw my a wild card and bought a super floral red, with a smooth finish.  It was amazing.  His knowledge of this wine list is impressive and welcoming.  He was also able to locate a bottle for me that I have been searching for.  I can't wait to make a trip back here again.  

                This is the type of place that beckons you to stop in as you're making you're way through Healdsburg. The beautiful brick walls are the back drop to a simple design. They even have playful  school house like chairs that remind you while you may not be a kid you don't have to take everything so seriously. The fantastic owners and hosts are friendly, warm and know their wine. It the kind of place you could easily wile away a couple hours and walk away with possibly a new friend or two and delicious wine. Can't wait to return!  

                I love the fact that Bergamot Alley is doing something different!  It was a refreshing experience seeing a ton of local faces, a great wine/beer list (mostly Mediterranean wines/California beers), highly enthused staff, and my favorite - vinyl records filling the air with that sweet warm sound.  This place is my new hangout when I go downtown.  

                Kevin, great little wine and beer bar!!  My wife and I stopped by on a Monday afternoon and Kevin greeted us and let us taste some wine and beer until we found what we liked.  We loved all the reused furniture and the place had a cool vibe.  We also love the record player blasting music from the past.  Thanks Kevin, we will definitely be back!!  Good luck!!  Cheers!!  

                Love it...Great wine...great employees...great atmosphere. My favorite bar in Healdsburg!!!!!  

                You can tell a lot of love went into building/designing/ decorating this space. The longer you stay there, the more you notice the little details that give this space its own unique and incredibly fun personality. Fantastic wine, great service, a beer list that could keep you busy for a long, long time.  I had high expectations and they were surpassed. See you again soon Bergamot Alley.  

                Love this place. The decor has a hipster vibe (long tables made from salvaged U.S. Army hot dog baking trays; vintage lighting; Steely Dan on the record player; old movie projector) that stops just short of knocking you flat with its studied irony. Nice selection of local brews and non-local wines. Friendly, easy-going staff who can help you decide what to drink. If this place served food, I'd stay all night.  

                Come on in, you're family here.  Have a glass on Sunday evening  while listening to some kicking bluegrass. Check events schedule for a fun time at this hipster honkytonk.  

