                My friend was getting married nearby. This was about a five minute drive from the Comfort Suites in Oakley.  I got the bacon cheeseburger and requested an over-medium egg to be added and they did. It was huge and super yummy. I heard the breakfast is the best here, but I didn't have a chance to try it. If I'm every back in the area, I would come  back.  

                Here we are again. This time will be the last, unfortunately.   The food is great here, if you ever get a waitress to take your order. The service sucks! Today, the owner is here. Great! We had to approach him and ask for someone to take our order after being seated for ten minutes. It's not even busy here at 2:15 pm. The owner apparently doesn't care that 6-7 of his servers were huddled up chit chatting and not waiting on guests like they are paid to do. Of course, they STILL employ the same crappy waitress I complained about in a previous tip. We got the pleasure of dealing with her yet again. Perfect.   We are done with this place. The Black Bear Diner in Tracy is worth the trip.  

                The manager is great.  I decided to give this place another try.  So much better, better service an food was on point. Thanks Jim ur great!  

                Cute spot in Oakley to grab some good breakfast. Best dish I've found is their eggs Benedict with home style potatoes. Their patented hot sauces are delish and can't go wrong with freshly squeezed orange juice. Pretty 4 star quality food.   Here's the downfall...  No matter what time you go the waters always seem to be too busy to add one more table to their area. Takes forever to get a coffee refill. Their newspaper menus are a cute idea - but they start to get dingy. Then their comes the tab ... I said PRETTY 4 star quality food. Defiantly a little overpriced for what you get.   Then when it's all said and done you have to stand in line by the entrance to pay the one lady at the register.   Good food. Need more staff. (Staff is super friendly though!)   I've gone back plenty of times so food is good enough to keep going back. As long as your not in a rush and your boyfriend paying :)  

                They never fail to impress!  Cheerful, accommodating service, exceptionally delicious and generous portions....homey environment...what more can you ask for? Still a fan : )  Only complaint is that finding a parking space in morning hours can be a pain.   Until next time!  

                Been here twice and I loved both things I tried. The chicken fried steak was good, plus that biscuit was the size of my fist! I recently had the breakfast burrito with hash browns (thick sliced) and I was already full off of the burrito! My boyfriend had the Fiesta Scramble the first time around and almost ordered it again. But he decided on the Blazin' Bear sandwich. He liked it but it had too much mayo for him. He decided to mix his BBQ sauce with the Baby Burn hot sauce to drown out the taste of mayo haha.   Service was good. Our first server would check up on us and made sure we were having a good time. Our second server did check up on us but would be gone later. Another server even had to take the order for his table since he was mia (only reason why it's not a five star review).   Also the proportions are huge. I may want to try the waffle next time around though.  

                I'm a server and supervisor here so I may be a little bias. But the food and service here is unique and family type feeling.  We might not be perfect but we try our best to redeem ourselves at this diner when we miss our mark. Every  guest is important to us cause we are bears that care.  We appreciate and love all our frequent diners that are like family.  If you never got that feeling while dining here give us another shot and remember ask for Anthony. Lol  

                I was pleasantly surprised by this place. The breakfast was really good and the portions were generous. If you go here you HAVE to try their homemade biscuits they were amazing. They also have fresh squeezed orange juice and real hash browns. The atmosphere was also pretty cool there with lots of stuff to look at and history about the restaurants. Next time I go I will have to try their homemade bear claws.  

                I get an email about the new menu items and I get $2 off each entree. I show the email to the server and order the item. When I go to pay they didn't know how to add the discount and made me pay full price. So I just used my servers tip to make up the difference. Way to go Black Bear. I'll eat elsewhere  

                Good food, bad services, took them 15 min to seat us was not even busy. Also no refills on drinks and only seen our server when he took order and when he gave us check.  

                The Black Bear Diner serves "old fashion" comfort food that I associate with road trips. I expect to see these diners along highways like 5 and 99.   However, they are popping up in the Bay Area.  A quick trip to Brentwood seemed like a mini road trip to me. It was time for me to see why they are becoming so popular.  At 10:30 on a weekday this location was packed, suddenly, after I was seated there was a line out the door. I guess that was the reason the server asked me what I wanted almost as soon as she gave me the menu.  When I am on a road trip I order chicken fried steak and I wasn't going to break that tradition on this mini highway 4 road trip to bring someone their keys.  This dish is served with 2 eggs, a choice of potatoes, and either a biscuit, a roll, or an English muffin. The servings are huge and would easily serve two people.   I had them leave the eggs off my plate. The chicken fried steak was good. The gravy was not filled with pieces of meat and fat and it still was tasty. It was perfect on top of the steak. I chose the English muffin and country style potatoes. The muffin was perfectly toasted and had enough butter on it to make me happy. The potatoes were another story, ¾ of them were almost raw the rest of them were good.  I mentioned it to the manager on my way out.  He asked why I did not tell him when he stopped at my table to ask how everything was. Well, I hadn't tasted them yet. He offered to fix me more, but I said no.  I knew I probably would not eat them when I got home.  They have a gift shop I was tempted to buy a postcard and send it out saying, "Having a great time. You must see this town on your next trip.  

                This is the last review in my series of reviews of my gastronomic adventures in the Bay Area! Last stop was in Oakley, also another Bay Area equivalent of the middle of nowhere.  --- DON'T go here if you think that bears are godless killing machines or are on a diet. DO go here if you want good ol'fashioned comfort value in big portions at reasonable prices.  Black Bear Diner is a restaurant diner chain located all over the western United States (but NOT in San Diego... closest is in LA). The restaurant design seems to be that of a lodge somewhere in the middle of bear country. All locations serve their interpretations of classic diner/comfort food in *big* portions. For someone like me I was able to get at least 2 if not 3 meals.  When you're handed the menu don't mistake the menu as actual newspaper articles; the front page consists of faux articles dating back from when the restaurant chain opened. Actual menu is on the inside pages.  The two most popular items in any Black Bear Diner chain are their Roadhouse Tri-Tip Platter and their Bigfoot Chicken Fried Steak. Entrees come with soup or salad, cornbread muffin, vegetable of the day plus choice of a potato side. I got the Tri-Tip platter. 1. Cornbread was some of the best cornbread I've ever had. Bread was so soft that it fell to pieces quite easily and the taste was quite buttery. Did not help that the portion was big enough to be a small meal in itself.  2. Tri-tip was made to order (medium rare). 3. Green beans were a little oily but still decent. 4. Mashed potatoes were soft and gravy was decent.   All this was 2-3 meal portions for $14.95, which is reasonably priced if you think of it that way.  Black Bear Diner is still a chain, but the quality is better than a IHOP/Coco's/Marie Callendar's anyday.  

                I've been to black bear before and every time has been good but this time was great. I normally order breakfast which is always enjoyable but I decided to go with the California burger which included avocado and cheese, yum! I asked our server Tiffany if the burgers are any good and she said there excellent. She couldn't have been anymore accurate! Best burger I've probably had in a while and the service was also great. She was very attentive and super sweet. She's the type of server who needs recognition. Tiffany and the food makes going out to eat worth while :)  

                Huge protions! Got the chicken fried steak breakfast and the French toast. It was delightful and the handmade orange juice is soooo good! The biscuit was really not great at all. My sis in law had the steak and egg breakfast and said the steak was somewhat tough. Decent wait times and the staff is polite. I had a great experience and will definitely return.  

                Great portions and the manager is so great to interact with guests! The prices were ok, great variety on menu! Kids loved it, great atmosphere. Would recommend to others and will be going back soon!  

                I love there food. You get your monies worth and leftovers for later. The food is great and the people are so friendly.  

                Very Good. The only thing is they are not consistent. Don't get the Linguica. They went down in quality and when it's not cooked enough, which is often, it's uneatable.    Always check your take out orders or have the staff do it because they are often wrong.   Staff is awesome!!!!  Plenty of food.  

                Huge portions and good food! Definitely worth the drive!  Service was pretty good and food came quick.  

                My family and I just moved into town, and we had a late lunch on a weekend here. We went in around 1 or 2 pm, and although it was almost a full house, we didn't have to wait long for a table. I love places that serve breakfast all day, so definitely had an omelette and some pancakes for the kiddo. Service was good, food was good, I'm sure we will be coming back many times again!  

                So we attempted to eat here last night, for what will be our last time, as our name on the waiting list was not only skipped over twice. When I got up to ask why noticed our name had been crossed off yet we had never been called.  When I asked to speak to the Manager he did offer to comp a meal but at that point it was too late. I wasn't looking for free food just some simple customer service and a table to eat at. This isn't the first time we've had an issue here which does sadden me as I know there few options in Oakley for this style of dinner. It also saddens me as I know they try to do things here for the community, and I belong to some groups that like to meet there. As for me and my wife we will not be back to eat here. Once in a while poor service or an under/ over cooked meal does happen, but that should not be the norm. I'm not sure if its just lack in judgment when hiring, or poor choices when scheduling. Are they just to cheap to pay someone who knows what they are doing at what I would think is one of there busiest times of the week (Saturday evening around 6).  I've worked in the restaurant business in my past and I know it can hard work and at yes you need to bust your ass! But I also try to reward when I get good service.  I'm sure I could go on but I think you get my point. Bottom line they failed and I won't be back.  

                Staff is very nice. I believe the manager that was working was named Mario, and he was very kind and accommodating even when the place was packed!  I have been here well over 5 times and each time I am treated with great customer service and the food is delicious and quickly prepared.  Also their pies are good.  

                I just left there from having breakfast.  I can't find a word to describe how bad it was .... My potatoes were cold and raw , my toast had no butter,  my coffee tasted like the bottom of a burnt pot. On top of the non edible food the service was at best neglectful. I had a hard time getting dirty dishes taken off of my small table let alone getting butter , refills or anything else.  With that being said there are dozens of other breakfast establishments near me that I will happily give my business too instead. I am now going to the Burger King drive through to eat something better.  

                Love this place for the large portions and reasonable prices. Never had a issue with service and overall food is really good. My only issue is its a hit and miss with the county fried potatoes. We've had them perfect and we've had em over cooked and under cooked. Which I have to say can be a deal breaker when everything else is so yummy!  

                Black Bear Diner sponsored a Fundraiser for us tonight and was phenomenal! So great to give back, welcoming and ready to help in anyway possible.  Amazing Experience! Great Food!  

                My family enjoys coming here for the comfort, service, convenience, good food at a reasonable price, and the touches that other diners lack. For example, the Black Bear news and interesting fact sheet. Our server, Briana served our food with a smile and refilled my coffee immediately.  

                We love this little gem! Large portions, friendly staff, food taste pretty good! I love the pancakes. They are so big, never finish them all, and have a cake donut like flavor. Kids love that they get to create their own sundaes after their meals. A few of our favorites: the volcano stack, turkey dinner, meatloaf dinner, turkey club sandwich. Huge portions! We always leave with doggie bags.  

                My friend and I went for breakfast on a weekday. The service was great, coffee was good, serving sizes were huge. The wait staff is attentive and friendly. The prices were reasonable. Very homey atmosphere. We spent over 3 hours gabbing and the staff didn't blink they just stopped by the table asking if we wanted more coffee. I guess the only thing I could complain about was it was rather warm in the restaurant. It's going to be my go to place from now on.  

                I live like five minutes from this place and I've gone to several different black bear diners. Let me say this to the people that are complaining: ITS A DINER.  Ok.   Now, having said that. FOR a diner this food is pretty darn good. And huge portions. The service is either a home run or a slow painful question mark. No Inbetween. I have my favorite dishes I order and I stick to those. I've never been disappointed and the price point is a diner price point.   You can't go wrong if you want a hefty breakfast or lunch.  

                Tiffani was our wait staff and she knows how to put things together.  Re:  Iced Tea.  It came exactly the way I ordered it and an ICED TEA SPOON!  There is enough ice to keep it very cold through the meal.  Thank you Tiffani.  

                No changes in the star rating, just wanted to add more juicy detail as to some of the great stuff this place has to offer.  Parking? No sweat. Tons of parking where it's located. If Oakley had a cool downtown this would be as close to it as it gets.  If you come on a Saturday or Sunday Monday, prepare to wait. They have some lobby seating and a small swag shop inside. Can't imagine why I would need a bear diner shirt but hey... Someone must be buying this stuff somewhere right?  Booths are cozy. Coffee cups are the right size (I'm sorry but coffee should not be served in tea cups for those who need java fixes in the morning).  I always order from the fit menu. The flavors are great and the right portions.  I thought all their juices were fresh squeezed? I asked for a grapefruit juice. After she brought it back she mentioned something about the can size? Um? Okay, my bad for assuming.  Service is decent. I've had better, I've had worse.   I haven't had it but I keep getting told the biscuits and gravy are enormous. To a point it's more of a wow factor vs. a nom nom factor. They were impressed by the size but not by taste. Womp womp.  Overall- great place for breakfast with the fam. Oakley is lucky to have 'em!  

                Great family atmosphere, yummy food, great service! We went for breakfast with a large group of family and the wait was reasonable, and the server was happy and helpful. The food is down home great food. No question, we will be back!  

                I moved to Antioch, Ca. 2 years ago. I love good food. What I pay for my meal at a resturant doesn't matter to me if, 1. Service &  the food are at least a 8 + . I will not go back to a resturant if both service & food aren't good or if I make a request it is not followed through. I worked retail all my career so I appreciate how hard service people work. The Black Bear diner was the first place I found that was a 10! The first time I went was for a birthday party. I then took my mom & she loved it. I then took my adult daughter & she had the biscuits & gravy & said, " it's the best she had ever had. My dad came in from N.Y. I took him for breakfast one day & dinner also! Being from N.Y. He thought it was great & proceeded to buy over $100 in the gift store for his N.Y. family! The Black Bear diner is my "Secret" go to diner!  

                Love this place. Best breakfast in town. Yes, Black Bear is a chain, however, the food is always fresh, good & service is awesome.  

                Free Wi-Fi. Password~ BBD Guest Black Bear Diner is right. in my hometown, however I don't seem to frequent the place too much. Its a great place for some good ole American food. With fresh homemade pies and different desserts big enough to share with another person, this place is a must try if you havn't been. Lots of original meals to choose from.p Meatloaf, french dip, burgers, hot or cold sandwiches, plenty of salads,  and many other good eats. I like to try something new each time I come here and today I tried the B.L.A.S.T~ bacon, lettuce, avocado, swiss and tomato. I picked wheat bread. The bacon was nice and thick as was the avocado. I was pleased with my choice. I also got the garlic fries. They were so goooooood and boy did they leave a garlic after taste! Hahaha!  My son had a simple cheesburger basket (burger & fries). Comes with lettuce, tomato, onion and pickles. Big burger with a nice thick slice of cheddar cheese.  Service was fast, efficient and very personable. Had a pleasant lunch experience with the kiddos. My 4yr old had the stack of 3 pancakes and we omitted the chocolate chips, as he didn't need the added chocolate rush! Breakfast is served all day! Came with a big bowl of fruit too!  

                This is a Big portions, family friendly, comfort food kind of place.  Staff is always helpful and cheerful.  Black Bear does get crowded on weekends sometimes but that is only because it is worth the wait!  This is one of my favorite places for breakfast but their meatloaf dinner is pretty awesome too! Oh and their bread pudding is awesome!  

                I always enjoy the food, but the service seems to be hit or miss.  Sometimes we have great server and get our food in a timely manner, and other times, not so much.  My family of 5 was there this weekend and it wasn't very busy, but they tried to squeeze us into a table for four with the 1&1/2 year old using a corner of the table.  When I told the hostess that table would not fit five plates of food she informed me we would have to wait 30 more minutes (in addition to the 20 we had already waited).  We left.  I find weekdays for breakfast or lunch are the best times to go there.  

                First off the food in this place is amazing.  It's just as good as sugar plum in Concord.  The food is the only reason I keep coming back.  The prices of food is reasonable.  I actually think it's a good deal considering the quality and portion size.  I recommend any of their omelets.  Their burgers are good also.  I've had their ribs and I love them.  The garlic fries are good.  Ever since I've found black bear I haven't gone back to Dennys or IHOP.   My one and only complaint is that they have really really slow service.  I've waited so many times just to get a check or have food come out.  Waiting for the check is even worse.  If your impatience don't come here.  If you want food that tastes good this is your spot.  Sorry IHOP and Dennys. You can't compete with black bear.  

                I am so glad to be able to come to a local restaurant and actually get wonderful service, food, and decent prices. It seems to be harder and harder to find these days. Well done Crystal :)  

                If your planning on sunday lunch with the family get here early it fills up fast  

                It's official folks!  BBD has become a regular Sunday dinner spot for the mister and I.  I will rejoice in all that is delicious!  Now I shall say a few Hail Marys for I have sinned calorically.  

