                I'm back again. It's just so damn comfortable here. Warm night. Breeze coming in through the door. Quiet. No judgements. No agenda. No pressure. Just sit. And relax. Bad Company on the jute box. Clean. Friendly. Someone starts singing. Nice. I feel like The Dude. And that's ain't bad. Expand and chill.  

                Local hangout very fun. Play pool. Safe parking lot. A bit far off the pub crawl but worth the taxi  

                The Buckhorn is the best dive bar in Petaluma. The bartenders are very friendly, and the drinks are cheap and cold!  

                This place is AWESOME.  It's got everything you could ask for in a dive bar--cheap drinks, pool tables, cool stuff on the walls, weird stuff on the walls, microwave pizza, friendly locals, and a maybe-perhaps-sorta teeny bit insane bartender with a heart of gold.  You know how sometimes you go into a dive bar and people look at you weird if you're from out of town?  Not the Buckhorn.  My friends and I were coming from a wedding so perhaps we were a wee bit overdressed for the place, but there was no haterade.  When my friend ordered some Hypnotiq, the bartender was courteous enough to ask how that was poured (I do think she was genuinely curious as opposed to being snarky).    I definitely recommend this place if you're in the area.  After the pretentious bullpucky of Napa, it was a welcome relief.  

                Love the bartenders, love the crowd, and I always feel at home! Drinks are cheap and made very well.  

                Nice place to go for very cheap drinks. Service was great and our bartender was super friendly. I loved the decor. Overall, a great local dive bar.  

                Best dive bar ever  

                I do believe that the very first place that I had the pleasure of visiting in Petaluma was The Buckhorn, which soon turned into the first stop in an evening filled with shenanigans, and the last stop on the way home to sleep it off.   It's a charming little spot off the side of the road filled with interesting people. There are a bunch of regulars who know the bartenders and each other, and then there are a few people, such as I, who chooses to cross paths with this place and stare bewildered at the antics within.   There's a lot crammed into this little bar. Snacks, a juke box, mounted animal heads, pool tables, atm machine, lottery tickets, touch screen games, and you can buy a bottle of your favorite poison to take home when the bar closes.   For those of you who know me, I've actually had a drink at this bar. Astounding, I know. The bartender who made me my midori sour actually blew dust off both the drink book and the bottle of midori sitting on the shelf. That's how hardcore things are in here!   Even though sissy girl drinks don't seem to be a common thing in this joint, my midori sour was a perfect balance of tasty beverage and getting me wasted with my notoriously low alcohol tolerance. I think the bartender that I usually run into here is pretty tolerant. He hands me my girly drinks and prepares me a diet Roy Rogers when asked. Also he gives me big smiles when I win a dollar from a scratcher ticket and continue to buy a ton more and scratch them excitedly. What more could I want in a bar?  I'm editing this review to add that you best brush up on your animal gender names in case you come here one night and get blazin' drunk, because you're sure gonna want to know what a buck and what a doe is when you feel the winkle to go have a little tinkle ;)  Editing again to say: Cash Only...but there's an ATM next to the lottery machine. Resist the temptation my friends.  

                Dive bar yes. But clean dive bar. This place is the best! Amy the bartender and Wes the owner greeted me as if I was a regular..but it was my first time there. Drinks are very reasonable and the place is just very warm and welcoming. I assumed that they stayed open until 2:00 so stopped by after a run to the city to do one of their hot dogs but they were closed and it was only 12:25..major disappointment..but I should have checked their hours...they close at midnight.  I will return whenever Im in Petuluma.  

                I feel a little embarrassed giving a bar 5 stars (sort of implies something, ya know?), but I have to give it up for the Buckhorn.   My bf and I live down the street and come here every now and again during the week for a beer, to watch a game, or to play pool. Great music and even better prices. They only take cash, as many have noted, but the ATM is handy when you stay a little longer than you planned. My only beef is that their beer selection is not as extensive as their alcohol, so if you like beer you're pretty much stuck with domestics.   All the bartenders here are very friendly, and the regular crowd is definitely a big little family. Even if you're not part of that group you will enjoy yourself here, especially if you're looking to unwind with a drink after work and chat some people up from a bar stool.  

                Pitchers of beer, pinball and Sheila.  AWESOME.  

                I always hesitate to review hidden gems like the Buckhorn for fear of them becoming overrun with the people who's absence makes places like the Buckhorn great.  The Buckhorn's easily one of the top places for a drink in Petaluma, if not the king of the heap.  Friendly people, internet jukebox, pool tables and off street parking.  (Though I'd recommend walking here.)  

                There's no way I can top Ali R.'s review of the Buckhorn Tavern, so I won't even try. (She's elite for a reason, people.) But I love this bar so I have to put in my two yelp cents on the one side of the Buckhorn that Ali has yet to experience: the hot dogs with special sauce.   Typically, I would be be frightened to try anything called 'special sauce' at a dive bar. But my friend Jen, a local and BH regular, insisted they were the best in town. And guess what? They ain't half bad. And the special sauce? A fine addition. And for about $2? A damn fine lunch.  And to think my mother once told me to never eat at a place with the cocktail on their sign. To think all I would have missed out on...  

                I don't do bars but I do do this one!  Nice people. Great proprietor.  

                Being the elite yelper that I am, I take my 200th review very seriously. Therefore like a true yelper, I am reviewing my new favorite bar. The Buckhorn Tavern.   We just moved offices and now I stare at the Buckhorn and all it's glory all day. Our office was still under construction the first week or so we were here, so we asked the construction guys about The Buckhorn and they said, "Oh, we don't go there, it's too hard core for us." Hmmm... Interesting. Too hardcore for a construction crew? Hells yes. Bring it on bishes!   And, what can I say, the first few times we came in, someone asked for a lemon in their beer, someone wanted a straw, etc. And yes they gave those people dirty looks. As they should. This place is for real drinkers. But after a particularly long day at the ole office, my coworker and alcoholic enabler, Meghan L. and I head over and get our drink on. We made friends due to our superior drinking abilities and of course our ever-so-charming personalities.  It seems that after hanging out there for the past couple months the words "The Buckhorn" seem to roll off the tongue as the answer to all life's problems. If work is stressful, if boys are lame, a quick jaunt to The Buckhorn and life is once again wonderful!  Now, I'm warning you... If you come in here acting like an idiot - you will get thrown out, made fun of, or get your a** kicked. So ask before you sit in a stool in case it's a regulars, stick to normal drinks, tip your bartender, don't make annoying conversation just for the sake of making it.  There are deer heads, moose heads, etc. on the wall, pool table in the back, popcorn machine, cigarette machine, fancy-pants jukebox, and pictures of other 'Buckhorns' around the world. Even one from my hometown!   In case you weren't raised in the sticks like me, or never paid attention in biology class. The bathrooms are labeled: Does (women) and Bucks (men). My knees hit the wall when I sit on the toilet so if you are full of femur (**cough cough Kristin R.**), good luck. Both faucets are labeled hot but are actually hot and cold like a normal sink. They have one of those revolving hand towels that is covered in grease stains and dirt (as most regulars do real labor - one guy even commented that he's only used the internet once, at the library to file for unemployment), so be ready to wipe on your jeans.   So as you can see, this bar is what I like to think of as a 'real bar'. It's quickly becoming my second home and that's why it is my 200th review.   Speaking of The Buckhorn... I might just head over right now.  

                Such an awesome bar!!! A friend and I came to Pedaluma for a quick night away.  We found this bar while driving around and decided to try it out.  After getting our beers the bartender starting sharing some bar stories with us and the history of the bar itself.  He was so friendly and very sweet.  Our faviorite part was when people would walk in and he would know exactly what they wanted to drink already.  He had to go to lunch so to our surprise his son walked out.  We both thought it was really cool that the bar has been a family owned business for so long.  The next bartender (I want to say his name was Wes) was just as friendly and started talking to us about the town and where to go eat dinner.  We decided to go play pool and were informed that it's free pool on mondays!!!  As we were playing pool Wes came over and was telling us about all the amazing picutes on the wall of other Buckhorn bars around and a matchbook from when his grandfather originally opened the bar.  Such a fun and friendly bar.  We will definitely be coming back here next time we visit.  

                The Buckhorn is awesome if you like really divey dive bars, but if you're back in Petaluma visiting, and you don't want a highschool reunion, it's a great place to go. Also, my friend's dads used to go there, and have great stories, which they are always thrilled to share with a younger drunk.  

                Yes! Wonderful dive bar.  Full of characters.  Oh, one day, maybe I too can be a regular here...  

