                Fabulous dining experience!   My partner Derek and I ate here New Year's Eve as well as Valentine's Day.   Appetizers:  hamachi crudo and tuna carpaccio Entrees:  Brandt Ribeye and Tiger shrimp carbonara Desserts:  Butterscotch pudding and sticky toffee cake Outstanding staff:  Ursula, Leslie and our waiter Ian and   Bartenders:  Nicole and Pam Food, ambiance and knowledgeable, friendly waitstaff make this restaurant an exceptional find!  We took our time and were never rushed.  Doesn't get any better than this!  

                Great night! Valentine's 2015. The food was great and we stuck to sampling the apps menu. Highlights were the squid and the brussel salad. Oysters were awesome.   I don't remember her name, but we probably had the nicest server I've had in a decade.  Very nice, knew the menu, perfect balance of attentiveness and leaving us alone.   If there was a drawback it was the music playing and the stuff on the tv over the bar.  Seriously, we were eating to Caribbean Queen by Billy Ocean, then I Come from a Land Down Under, yes...Men at Work. Someone's Pandora was set on "bad". And the tv was showing a J Lo concert. WTH?   Anyway, it was a fun night and the music/tv did give us something to laugh about.  

                We had a group of 8 for a 7:15 reservation arrived a little early so we sat out by the nice fire pits, we were seated soon. We started out with an issue with how much wine we could get corkage fees I had   the Brussels spouts salad very good, then I had short ribs they were rich like always. One person at our table had to send the lamb back under cooked. Nice place to meet with friends but not if you want tasty food  

                Loved it Loved it. Will be back for more of everything, oysters, appetizers, entrees, ambiance.  

                Service:  My wife and I arrived 30 min early for our reservations on a busy Saturday night, and the hostess was happy to accommodate us immediately.  The server was prompt in receiving drink orders and bringing them out quickly, impressive considering that the restaurant appeared to be at near full capacity. The service remained excellent all night, keeping our glasses full and the server remaining available for questions.  Drinks:  Whiskey maple cocktail with walnut bitters was excellent and my wife enjoyed her spicy margarita. The cocktails are carefully crafted, emphasizing quality and tastefulness.  Food:  Hit or miss. Beef tartare was excellent, the sun choke fritters were underwhelming. The short rib was very good. If you stick to the servers recommendations you'll have a great time here.  

                Made a reservation for 2 for Saturday night.  We were pleasantly surprised to see that we were given a very nice roomy booth even though the restaurant was really busy.  We did note that being in our late 20s we were the youngest patrons by about 10 years, but it was a friendly and fun loving crowd regardless.  Our waitress was very sweet, and made great recommendations to us as it was our first time at the restaurant.  The menu was very fun and unique and everything looked delicious.  We decided on Artichoke Fritters to start, hubby ordered Braised Short Ribs and I went for the Kickin' Fried Chicken with a Spicy Paloma to drink.  Everything was very tasty and I would definitely order again (once I get to try some of the other delicious looking dishes first!).  For dessert we chose the beignets, and loved them as well!  Overall very pleased, and looking forward to coming back with friends or family in the future.  

                I stumbled upon this little jewel when given a gift certificate by some friends. Let's just say that after one taste of their Kickin' Chicken I was hooked!  The place offers a romantic setting with dark hues and wooden furniture.  The waiters are friendly, knowledgeable, and very eager to please.  My husband always find something from the sea to indulge in as well as a hearty appetizer to dig his teeth into.  And I find the desserts to be a truly divine!!  We have been going to this restaurant for Valentine's Day for eight years in a row and we hope to go for many more times.  

                I love the energy in here. Usually energy is a euphemism for 'loud' which some people find intolerable. But energy and loud are ok by me. Sometimes I want tickling piano keys and flickering candlelight and other times, well, I want...energy. This place delivers.   The bar scene is packed. The tables are packed. The music is on and it's good. What were they playing last time? No clue but it, again, added to that energy and informed the mood. Everywhere I look people are smiling, laughing, talking. The average age in here is 40ish. There are attractive and lively married couples, coy couples clearly on first dates, friends sharing gossip or deep thoughts over freshly poured libations, and there are tables with cute, well-behaved children with good old-fashioned manners (when I've been here), and there are even a few cougars mingling and prowling about. Just a few.   Now let's get to the food. The warm brussels sprout salad with bacon and lettuce is delicious and simple. And you simply can't go wrong with the steak frites: beautifully seasoned steak accompanied by skinny and perfectly crispy truffle fries. The 'house wine' was good. I don't even know what it was. I ordered the 'house chardonnay' nodding agreeably to the 'is buttery/oaky ok?' question. It was all things buttery but not heavy. I enjoyed it. My husband ordered the pork chop. He's ordered this before. He likes it. He also liked to sample my steak frites and truffle fries. We like to share. And why not. I  believe he had a pinot noir or a cab. And that was quite good, too.  As for dessert, we shared the sticky toffee cake. Yum! I'm not even a dessert person for the most part. My sweet tooth is primarily made of salt with a tiny bit of cream cheese frosting thrown in. But I really, really liked this one.   The best part of our evening was the company, of course. We gathered with friends both old and new - from across the country - and it made for a wonderfully vibrant and fun night. Bungalow 44 is great for a big group. Lots of good...energy.  

                I've been going here for special evenings for a few years now, and I love it!  Fabulous oysters, fantastic cocktails!  The Parmesan truffle fries and the gnocchi are my favorite appetizers.  The roasted beet salad is also on my delish list.  Every entree I've had has been wonderful.  And the sticky toffee cake!!! Oh wow!! Best desert ever!  

                After a long, taxing day, gallivanting around California's natural wonders, popping oysters, drinking wine, trying vainly to find cell service, we were hungry y'all! First, we had to nap. Then we had to eat. Thankfully Bungalow 44 is open relatively late and was able to squeeze us in.   We both got drinks (natch) and mine was this super spicy chile based one that went straight to my eyeballs. It was aweeeeesome. I love spicy drinks and this one was no exception. We had the oh so fresh Hamachi Crudo, the warm delicious brussels sprouts and shared the rich kobe and lamb meatballs. Each of them were a delight. And I was happy to order another spicy drink to wash it all down.   This place is a little bit spendy -- but then isn't all of California? Our service was great, the food was all perfectly executed and there seemed to be a nice bar crowd hovering around with pretty cocktails if you prefer to drink your dinner.  

                I still love this place, and even though they won't bring back my usual Chop 44 tomatillo dressed salad, they were nice enough to give me a different dressing, a little lighter than the newer spicier version.  The Squid, we ordered, was excellent as ever. Kickin Chicken terrific.  Still has some of the best waitresses and hostesses.  

                Sunday our friend Cindi reserved Bungalow 44, which is closed until 5:00, for her 50th birthday party.  We arrived around noon.  The weather was so warm that we sat outside comfortably.  Food was provided but drinks were on us.  Several people were happily drinking Moscow Mules.  I ordered a Sidecar.  Hors d'oeuvres were passed by the friendly waitstaff, platters of small toasted bread rounds topped w/ prosciutto, crème fraiche and maybe chives, large shards of fried artichoke bottoms w/ a lovely dipping sauce, flatbread and skewers of lovely marinated prawns.  Everything was wonderful, particularly the prawns and the fried artichokes.  There seemed an endless supply.  After an hour or so, the meal was served buffet style, sliders, fried chicken, a Caesar salad and macaroni and cheese.  The sliders were rare to medium rare, some w/ cheese, some w/o.  The one I had was delicious.  The fried chicken was also wonderful, some spicy and some not, thighs on one platter, legs and breasts on another.  The salad was fresh and the dressing was not too heavy.  Alan had mac n cheese and the bite I had of his was tasty.  Dessert was mini beignets and brownies.  I didn't try them as I was too full, but they looked delicious.  We finished our meal w/ pots of tea.  Bungalow 44 did a fabulous job, both w/ food and service.  It was a great party in great company.  

                Had a company Christmas party here - it was a raging success! These people make great food and know how to manage events - couldn't have had a better evening :-)  

                Yummy Mill Valley charmer with a warm but lively ambiance. I had the Steak Frites, typically served elsewhere overcooked and a little chewy. My steak was served in sizeable sliced pieces, lusciously cooked to a sweet medium rare. It was a very fun and enjoyable family outing!  

                I was really looking forward to our Saturday night dinner, however I felt a bit let down by my favorite restaurant. Four of us came in to enjoy some food & drinks as well as to celebrate a very special occasion. We stood by the door for at least 10 minutes without being acknowledged while the hostess was just coming & going glancing at us. Finally I had to approach her & remind her that we were there & needed to be seated (or at least greeted?)  A mummy would have definitely been more lively.  After we were seated we had to wait what seemed like forever for someone to come to our table. We started with a round of drinks & four appetizers. Calamari, Steak Tartare, Heirloom Tomatoes with Burrata & Kale Caesar. They were all very good. For entrees we opened a nice bottle of wine & ordered  a Rib Eye with Bone Marrow butter, Fried Chicken, Steak Frites & Pork Chop. The first three entrees were ok. The Pork Chop, that I had, was severely overcooked & brought me a very uncomfortable night. We finished our evening with some tea/coffee & desserts. Our company was great & we had a wonderful time, however when we come to this type of restaurant we have certain expectations & unfortunately they weren't met this time around. Hostess was flat lined, service underwhelming & food uninspiring.  

                This place was really good, I went there assuming I would hate it, but was pleasantly surprised. I am a SUPER picky eater and the menu was comfort food, but kinda "fancy." It was all delicious!  Good drinks, the fried chicken was delicious, as was the dessert.  

                If you stick with what is recommended, you will have a great experience here. If you go with the other items or get frustrated with parking, well you have been warned. Do your research otherwise you will have no one to blame but yourself.  You cannot go wrong with the fried chicken nor bacon mac-n-cheese nor their cocktails. This is one of the few places in Marin that use the big square ice cubes for their Old Fashioned drinks. It's also one of the few places in Marin that has Russian River's Pliny too.  The 3 outdoor fire pits in the front are a nice touch and are quite the popular seats when it is not too cold.   As for parking, it can be a pain but should be no reason to dock stars like others have done (that's what happens sometimes when you live in Marin and expect a certain level of comfort and accommodations).  

                We had the pork chop and the fried chicken. Both incredibly solid. The appetizer, salad and dessert were also good, The service was good, the ambiance was good,... Are you getting the picture. ?? It was all 'good' but nowhere did it pop out as great. Ergo, there was nothing to startle or really delight.   So why 4 stars not 3? I'd give the food 3.5 and the ambiance and waiter 4 each so 4 it is..  

                This has always been one of my favorite restaurants in Marin. They have a great mix of new American cuisine that is simultaneously laid-back and gourmet. If you are just looking for a drink they have good small plates, cheeses, and an array of interesting cocktails.   If you are coming for dinner, their fried chicken and burgers are fantastic, along with their large salads and fish. You can sit at the bar for a more relaxed environment, and their coveted patio is also very comfortable.   I love this place and come back over and over. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because it is slightly overpriced and sometimes the service isn't top-notch.  

                Last time I dined at Bungalow 44 was 5 years ago and it is nice to see a restaurant retain such high standards of service and quality.  Bungalow 44 is located in a wonderful area of Mill Valley. Really easy to get to from San Francisco or elsewhere. Parking is really prevalent unlike most parts of San Francisco. Bungalow 44 is owned by the same group that has the Buckeye so you know the formula is going to be a winner. Pretty intimate feel, where you can eat at the open kitchen, have a drink at their small bar, or dine in their lovely dinning area. Service is always friendly, quick and efficient.  Food is pretty stellar: The Cesar Salad was somewhat mediocre but the flat breads are always amazing. The fried chicken is legendary and deservedly so. The Beet Salad was also really good.  For dessert you cannot go wrong with the beignets , although Spruce's are  better,.   Let's face it Marin does not have that many dining options but Bungalow 44 makes it a lot easier to choose.  

                Great service - mixup with our reservation, but they took care of us.  Classy place with great food and nice atmosphere.  

                I stopped by around 8:30pm for some drinks and desserts. The hostess greeted and seated us immediately upon entering. Our waiter was very friendly and brought us our desserts and drinks promptly. We ordered 3 or 4 different desserts, which were all fantastic. Their standouts were the boozy milkshake and sticky toffee cake.  Love the low light ambiance of this place. A bit pricey but its Mill Valley and this place was worth it.  

                Good. Place. I had the Sunday night special of Fish tacos. They were amazing. I absolutely lived them. They had a nice zest but were light and tasty.   Pliny the elder!  The Cesar was decent. I didn't love it, but it wasn't bad.   Everyone else at the table was quite happy.  

                I thought I couldn't love this restaurant more, and then they added fire pits outside! The gnocchi with pumpkin cream is over the top good. And I must always have the beet salad. Just wonderful.  

                ROCKED! I had my 50th birthday celebration here a few days before my actual birthday. Many of my closest and dearest friends came to eat good food!! And be together. Ursula is the best event planner. The wait staff was so much fun and helpful. They were part of the party. We had the kickin fried chicken,crostinis with prosciutto and cream fraiche, artichoke fritters, bruschetta and mac and cheese (YUMMY), Ceasar Salad,grilled prawns and Fantastic Moscow Mules!!! Plus, little brownies and beignets. Fantastic. everything was perfect perfect perfect!! Oh, we went back 2 days later and I had another Moscow Mule and the soup of the day. Hubby had Oysters and they were tiny teeny but good. YAY. B44 is my new fave place!  

                Sorry, but this review is nearly a year old! I was invited up to the area by my best friend and his wife to celebrate my birthday last June. I had never been to Mill Valley, and I must say, that is one beautiful little town!  Bungalow 44 is a quaint little restaurant. The location was nice, and my party enjoyed the 'main street' views. The food was delicious, and my ribeye was cooked perfectly. The staff was very personable and attentive, and even brought my dessert out complete with sparklers for my birthday.  This is a definite return to restaurant next time I'm in town!  

                Excellent food and great service. On two visits everything was solid and well done. Too much of arrogant middle aged Marin vibe for my taste, don't think anybody can handle that every day. So once in a while it's enough. The restaurant rocks!  

                The food and service is very good.  The ambiance is warm and lively.  I wish I lived closer because I would frequent this place often.  

                Amazing Anniversary dinner. Greeted and seated and a cocktail within 5 minutes  - perfect. My husband and I shared the Tuna Carpaccio which was amazing, and the warm brussel sprout salad with Bacon croutons  - a MUST ! I had the short ribs with horseradish gnocchi which was so tender and the reduction was perfect. My husband had Fried Chicken which he said was the best he has had. A Great evening fast friendly service.  

                Came here with a large party for my birthday this summer and everyone was very happy with their meals and our server was very attentive the whole time. The short ribs and artichoke were my personal favorites and the speciality cocktails were fun and well made. A bit pricy to go more than once a year for me.  

                Brilliant - I love this place!!  Get to brussels sprouts and short ribs for sure  

                This was an impulsive dinner stop out of convenience.  The 101 was a parking lot, I had reached my maximum level of frustration from going nowhere fast and (thankfully) the g/f was in MV getting her hair done - how fortuitous.  Anyways, this is a cool looking place - there are a couple of firepits outside the front door that I suppose you can hang out at if you are so inclined.  The dining and bar area flow into each other and there is a large tv hanging over the bar.  They have an open kitchen with a bar set up where you can watch your food being cooked as well.   The place is NOISY.  We started off with a couple of Moscow Mules - they seemed weak and watery to me (to be honest though, I was in a foul mood from the before mentioned traffic - so maybe they'd be fine 'ordinarily').  The g/f loves fries - so we had the 'Truffled Parmesan Fries".  There was alot of parm, I didn't taste any of the truffle oil at all.  (a side note: this is one of those places that feels like the cooks do a perfect job of seasoning and they don't provide any salt/pepper on the table)  She had the salmon with gnocci - she's Sicilian, but in a nice way and I've never heard her complain about anything.  She thought the gnocci were "meh".  I tasted them and they were (IMHO) a mess.  They tasted just like little bites of mashed potatoes - if that's your thing, you'll love them (they could have stood a little more seasoning as well).  Her salmon was cooked perfectly; however, it suffered from the same problem of needing a bit more seasoning.  The sauce was forgettable - literally, I don't remember it.  I had the Pappardelle with the Wild Boar Sugo.  It was just "meh" also.  It could have used a bit more seasoning and a bit more cheese.   (another side note: there is a similar dish from a restaurant in Novato that does this so much better - I could take a bath in theirs)  We had the butterscotch pudding for desert.  It followed the theme of "meh"ness - ok, but nothing to write home about.  So that's it.  A forgettable experience in the MV...  

                Not great. Best part was the attentive service. Very fast interested service. Starters of hamachi and steak tartare were poor. Main of ribs was good. Only gluten free dessert was sorbet which is pathetic. Loved service, food not so much  

                This has been one of my favorite places to dine in Marin. The noise level is louder than most restaurants (and that works well for bringing kids), but it has a great energy, knowledgable and attentive staff, great food, and nice cocktails. Whenever we have guests come to town and we want to go out, this place is in the short list.  

                First time in a restaurant in downtown Mill Valley and what a pleasant surprise!  Great place to eat. Ambience is friendly and casual (the fireplace seating in front is wonderful!)  Food and drinks were very goo.. Shout out to the Heirlook Tomato Flatbread and the Warm Brussels Sprout Salad (if this last one became popular, everyone would completely change their views about brussels sprouts!)  

                I went here with my husband and another couple on April 26th.  We were seated at the first booth in front of the door and in front of the kitchen.  It was very warm and the hostess appeared slightly annoyed when I asked what the other seating options were. The waitress, it seemed, needed some training on the finer points of her job. I asked for a taste of the Sauvignon Blancs served by the glass and she went back and forth to the bar twice to get me two different tastes. In the meantime, the rest of our party waited until after I choose which wine I wanted before she took their drink orders.  We easily waited about 15-20 minutes before everyone were served their drinks. Ridiculous.   My husband ordered a tanqueray ten martini.   It was not made with the right kind of gin.    The appetizers were good. My husband ordered a rib-eye.   It was the skinniest rib-eye either of us have ever seen!  I ordered the tuna, but the rice cake it came with was burned, not sure if it was supposed to be like that; my friend's rice cake was also burned.   My husband accidentally spilled his after dinner drink. The waiter who came over to help clean up asked if he should bring the replacement drink "in a sippy cup".  Completely disrespectful and unacceptable.  What kind of training is the restaurant management giving their staff?  Normally I would have handled the issues with the drinks and the waiter but did not want my friends to feel uncomfortable.    For the prices and the location this place is vastly overrated.  

                Wanted to try B44 for ages.  First off the ambiance is very warm and inviting.  From the fireplace to the cozy seating and decorations, it felt as if I was in someone's home.  I had to try the Brussels sprout salad after seeing it featured in Marin Magazine.  It was fine, but I wasn't blown away.  I was extremely disappointed in the fried chicken.  It was cold, dry, bland and tasteless.  (see my review of Mua in Oakland.  They make a fantastic fried chicken.)   My husband got the bean soup and pappardelle, which he enjoyed.  We split the mini beignets with the chocolate and  creme anglaise sauces.  Those were good, but not traditional beignets from New Orleans.     I'd come back to try the hamburger and fries, and would sit at the lovely bar next time.   The bartenders did a great job on the cocktails we ordered.   The price point is a bit high for the quality of food imo.  

                I went to Bungalow 44 for a family dinner. The place was pretty packed and had to wait 20 mins even with reservations (but not a problem). I can't exactly remember what each person got, but I got the fried chicken and it didn't disappoint. The batter was nice and crispy, and had a kick. We also got the beef tartar which was also on point. My Dad got the Kobe burger and said it was one of the best burgers he has had. We also got a few other dishes I can't remember but I believe everything was delicious. I would return again.  

                Killer fried chicken and mac and cheese.  Do it!  

                I went to Bungalow 44 with a girlfriend last week and the food was exceptional. I had one of the best steaks ever and the veg's were done to perfection. The atmosphere is fun and crowded, a bit noisy but you get use to it.  

