                Best pizza place ever! Great service and wonderful staff! The pizza is always good and the environment is wonderful. Reasonably priced and my favorite place to go! I love that the parking is easy and it's such a low key spot. A wonderfully relaxing place to eat pizza!  

                I think they changed their gluten free pizza crust because it has been great the last two times I have gone.  The sausage is delicious - I usually opt for pepperoni but not here!  Caprara's has the BEST fries in the county.  However, their sweet potato fries are only so-so.  Service is a mixed bag depending on the server.    They are closed on Mondays even though this is not posted anywhere that I can find - twice we went for lunch and they were closed.  

                Pretentious staff with attitude.  Any changes to their"named" pizza combinations  changes their expensive $27.50 XL 18" pizzza price to the plain cheese pizza price with each topping as a full price add-on to more than $30. How does removing a topping become a substitution?  I suppose removing onions is seen as substituting nothing for something, which justifies the $4.00 increase. Pizza was nothing special, good enough to return, but the poor excuse to of "special order" pizza to squeeze customers for an unreasonable incease in cost by removing an item, LEAVES A REALLY BAD TASTE FOR 5 LOCAL CUSTOMERS THAT WILL NO LONGER RETURN, AS WELL AS, INFORM ALL OUR FRIENDS OF THIS RIDICULOUS RIP-OFF.  

                Great pizza! We usually get food to-go, but recently decided to dine-in. The food didn't disappoint and the service was wonderful!  I always get my pizza here- the food is way better than any other chain you'll find in the area.  

                I LOVE the pizza here. It really is one of the best I've ever had. They really load the pizzas up with as many flavors and ingredients as they can so each bite is better than the next.  

                great atmosphere and service. Pizzas are excellent but the Hamburgers are given enough credit. Best burger I've ever had in a restaurant.  

                Don't appreciate businesses who don't keep to their posted hours. Call in an hour before closing to be refused, because "they decided to close up for the night". Bad way to do business. I won't be giving them further patronage. They seem to be doing so well, since they can afford to refuse business.  

                Definitely one of the best pizzas in town! Definitely try the cheesy garlic bread it's the best!:)  

                The best pizza! OMG! We had the pesto veggie pizza and it was amazing! Our son had the plain cheese and it was superb! This place is an absolute MUST! Don't miss their cheesy garlic bread!  

                When we first started going here about two years ago I wasn't really a fan but i think they changed something. Their sauce and crust has improved and I actually enjoy it. Its not my favorite but its close to my house and gets the job done when we need a quick dinner. I would recommend them to others.  

                Delicious! A bit spendy, but totally worth it. I ordered two 12" gluten free pizzas for take-out. One was a combo with sausage, pepperoni, black olives, onions and fresh garlic. The other had sausage and mushrooms on it. This was seriously good pizza, not greasy at all and it was the perfect temp. The crust was thin, crispy, perfectly brown and most importantly, didn't taste gluten free. I grew up in Chicago and had not, until now, found pizza that I truly loved or would recommend to anyone. This is the place to get pizza, oh and wonderful service, too. My toddler was fast asleep in her stroller when we picked up our order. The cashier/server happily carried our pizzas to our truck for us.  

                It's been a few years since I commented on this place.  Nothing has changed!  Caprara's still have the best pizza around!!!!    The use the freshest, tastiest ingredients and I usually opt for delivery.  Delivery is always on time, and the delivery person is always super nice!!   When they business changed ownership,I had my concerns if the quality of the food or service would change, but it hasn't!  The food and staff is still fabulous!  I highly recommend this place!  If you haven't tried it yet, you are going to love it!  If you have tried it, I'm sure you keep coming back for more!  

                Always great pizza. Just a little pricy, but it's usually worth it! Been going here for years. Delivery is good too.  

                Had the gluten-free pizza and it was very, very delicious.  Nice seating area outside too.  

                Absolutely amazing! My boyfriend and I got a coupon from groupon and there are NO regrets! The portions were perfect, and food was INCREDIBLE!  

                Review to come later. I LOVE this place and eat there all the time. This is one of two pizza places I go to regularly in Sonoma County. By far the best service in the area. The owners and their employees are super friendly!  More later.  

                I have eaten at Caprara's 5 times and have had tried their pizza, a burger, two different pasta dishes and their wings. The food has always been top notch. On two occasions I was with a group of 6 and 8. Their service has always been good. You will know as soon as you walk into this place by the smell alone that the food is the real deal.  

                Consistently good food. Have gone there about 6 times over 8 years.  Food tastes good, pizza so far never disappointed.  No issue with servers, always polite and helpfull.  

                I really like this family owned restaurant. Their menu has lots of good food and they also deliver to rohnert park and cotati.  What's better than being drunk watching a game and having a meatball sandwich delivered to your door?  The pizzas are also creative and delicious.  

                Didn't seen any recent reviews on this place so thought I would bring yelp up to date. I got a groupon so decided to go check out the place. The place is known for its pizza, so we got that for sure. It was I have to say very good. Also from what I understand the pasta is home made as well. I got a burger and it was great. The 2 stars is more for a couple of other things that can improve. The service was just horrible - and that is a big factor is more stars. We were the only ones in the place and only two of us.. I had to ask the waitress a few times for water and she never really checked back, she also didn't know a lot of basic menu questions.. I'm not sure if this is a family run place, but the large staff behind the counter seemed more interested in talking to each other than serving me. Another item that caused the 2 stars was just basic things.. I asked if the fries and onion rings were fresh and both come from a frozen bag.. i understand that in large chains, but being a small local place, they should be able to get some fresh sides like this. easy to make and actually a larger profit in the long run over buying frozen. Also I wanted the cole slaw, but was told (after waiting about 10 min) that their bag went bad and someone had to run to the store to buy more.. In a place this size that isn't very busy I would hope that a morning inventory was done so that patrons could be told if something wasn't available, or better yet the staff could make a morning fresh food run rather than wait until something is ordered.   over all not a good impression for a first timer. wouldn't recommend to my local friends. Better and more reasonable places in town that do everything fresh and have great service.  

                I used to go to Capraras in penngrove, they were the only place that delivered to my neighborhood. Basically they were the only delivery on the area up until another pizza place opened a while ago, I ordered the other day because I know the old owners had sold, so I thought it would get better, anything is better than canned sauce and card board crust but hey it has not improved at all and the worst thing is they are super expensive!  I have no problem paying a fair price for a good product, I dont expect perfection but I do expect edible pizza, Capraras has neither, the new owner is a step above the old one  all he did was yell!   bye bye Capraras forever  

                Good pizza! The owners are so nice.  

                I visited this place once and that was on a roadtrip, so my one-time review could probably be considered a hit-or-miss.  What I got from this place was that it's a family-owned business, decorated really cutely with a surf-shop kind of theme. There are, quite clearly, regular customers and the employees make the effort to get to know their customers.  The way the place is laid out, you'd think it's one of those order, get your food, and sit down to be left alone to eat kind of places, but they serve you and make sure your experience is smooth from entrance to exit.  We were going to get our food and go, and when we got our food they asked if we wanted refills on our drinks, which I think is great because places with the soda fountain behind the counter don't ever really do that (and if they do, never for free!).  The only downside I found was the pesto in my pasta was kind of bitter. It didn't make the pasta inedible, but it wasn't the best. This makes me sad because I bet if I would have loved Caprara's if it were closer to me and I could order everything. :(  

                So I must begin by telling you all that I grew up in a large Italian family in the NY/NJ area. When it comes to Italian foods (especially pizza) my taste buds are not easy to please. Since moving out west 15 years ago, I am very often disappointed. I relocated to Penngrove last month having ZERO expectations for good pizza surrounded by farms. Not a chance right? I decided to give Caprara's a shot since they are right down the street from me and I have been back several times ordering different stuff each time to try out the menu. What can I say... the food is fantastic! Here's a list of reasons I recommend Caprara's in no specific order:  The pizza is great (even my grandma would agree)  The meatballs are UN-freakin-BELIEVABLE!!! Great salads Great service - they seem to know all the customers by name Joe is always playing great blues music Ice cold local beer- a good selection of Lagunitas I overheard that they donate their used cooking oil for bio-diesel   Obviously the food is 1st and foremost, however Caprara's is a business I feel good about supporting because the owners care about the environment and supporting the local economy.  Joe, Julie and their daughters run an amazing parlor. They immediately made me and my fiance feel like we were part of the family. Drop by anytime and there's a good chance you'll see me there... I'll be spending the rest of my life in that place! Ha!  Tony  

                Delicious!! My 2nd fav pizzeria and the owners there are the best! Such sweet people and good food! Also great caesar salad.  

                We have tried every pizza place around Penngrove (Petaluma, Cotati) and I think this place is the best of the bunch. Fresh ingredients, delicious sauce, good crust (not Amici's but it's Penngrove after all).  Takeout is usually very timely and efficient, although very occasionally they do get backed up as others have mentioned. The only thing I would complain about is that, for such a great place in the middle of the best food on earth, their pesto is really not very good.  That could be so easily remedied by buying from any number of local vendors or farms.  We are blessed with wonderful fresh produce here in Sonoma county; I can't imagine where you can even get bad pesto!  

                DELICIOUS!   My daughter and I were here for lunch - and we wandered in to Caprara's without even checking Yelp first.  Such adventurers we are!  The menu has something for everyone- from hamburgers to pizza.  After a rather lengthy  decision-making process as to what we wanted as everything on the menu looked so good, we decided to split a salad and share a pizza.  The salad was wonderful- all fresh ingredients and large enough for each of us to have "seconds" from it.   We ordered a small garlic, basil and tomato pizza which really was the size of a medium pizza at most chain pizza places (I'm talking to you Round Table).  The pizza looked delicious when the waitress put it down on our table and upon first bite (heaven!!!) tasted just as wonderful as it looked.  Very very flavorful, good sauce, good crust, just SO GOOD.  Yum.  I'm salivating just thinking about it.  The service was friendly, efficient, prompt and she came back several times to see if we needed anything.  We were greeted coming in and leaving.   Wonderful experience all the way around and I'm already anticipating my next lunch at this gem of a restaurant.  Highly recommended.  

                Ate here for the first time, though I have had take-out, last night. Great Pizza that is appropriately priced and brought out at the perfect time, even though they were making all sorts of other pizzas for take-out customers. The staff is delightful here. I know I'll be coming back.  

                Only been there once, but it was a good experience. It took a bit too long for the pizza to come out - especially since we were the only ones in the dining area.   When we finally got the pizza it was pretty good. We ordered a medium with pepperoni and pineapple. There was nothing too special about it, although the sauce was delicious. I'm really picky about my pizza sauce and this one passed with flying colors.   It's also a bit pricey, but at least it was good pizza. I wouldn't make a point to go back there, although I do want to try one of their specialty pizzas - I have been told they are amazing.  

                Best pizza in Sonoma County!  Seriously, Im not lying. I've tried them all.  

                well Capraras...I would love to write a review about how quality I think your food is...I do, or about how friendly your staff is...they are, but instead I have to write about three mishaps that Ive had with you all on my last three attempts to enjoy your food.   Maybe carryout isnt your thing, i dont know, but your process is frustrating from a customer standpoint.  On two of the three incidents, I placed an order "to-go" and was given a time to pick up my food. The first time I showed up at the time given and was met with a "your food will be right out" only to see a few employees scramble to start making my food that had clearly been forgotten about.  On the second occassion I called in an order and was given a time "25 minutes" only to be called back ten minutes later to be told that my food would not be ready for an additional 45 minutes because "we have a large pizza order".  Maybe Im the one at fault here for even attempting to order carryout a 3rd time but I do enjoy their food and try to support local businesses...always willing to give the benefit of the doubt I called to order a salad and a grilled chicken sandwich. I was told "30 minutes because we have a few burgers on"...What???? 30 minutes because you have to cook a few burgers???? I know their kitchen isnt big, but come on! A salad and a grilled chicken sandwich that takes up a 3inch diameter to heat? Its really disappointing because I do like the food and the people there but you just cant give positive re-enforcement for this type of behavior. I hope they get it together over there, honestly. Disappointed :(  

                We had an excellent pizza and salad here after Christmas for my sisters b-day. The Caesar dressing is addictive and pizza was the freshest we had in a long time. The service was fabulous.  

                I love their Penngrove special. It has alfredo sauce chicken, garlic, onion and tears from Chuck Norris. My old college roommate and I would order this from time to time and it's one of the only food joints I miss up from living in Sonoma County.  Havent really tried anything else but the Penngrove Special is the chronic.  

                OMG, the ribs are to die for!  They are delicious, and fall off the bone, with some kind of rich, tasty, zesty Italian bbq sauce marinade.  I know right?  Italian pizza place w/ killer ribs?  Try the cheezy bread and side of garlicky coleslaw with the ribs.  

                This place is a little silly. For a quick meal, you should head for Superburger down the street. The food seemed old, as if it had been loitering in the kitchen for too long or pulled out of the freezer and microwaved. I'd throw in a zinger, but this place isn't worth it.  

                Joe and his Italian decent family run this place and give you a personal feel for home and being welcome in their restaurant. I've only had the pizza and salad. But man o man are they both always great.  Basically if your tired of ok Mary's and other pizza joints then come on down and Give Joe's place a try.  Good eats,  

                I love there pizza. it is truly great...never had an issue with anything. Just great flavors in my mouth....and that rules.  

                ***EDIT: My original review is below. I based my review off of ONE experience, and unfortunately I had a bad experience. I judged based on the actions of one waitress, because I believe the employees of an establishment should be constantly trying to represent their place of work in a positive and professional manner. Unfortunately, she failed at this. I also based my review on the food, which I did not enjoy. Maybe my encounter was a fluke. I mentioned this possibility in my review. Maybe some of you will have a great experience if you go there. But either way, this review is MY opinion. And my opinion is that unsanitary practices in a food establishment should NOT be tolerated. For that reason, I choose not to go to Caprara's again, and I also choose not to recommend them to my friends and family. ---  Wow, I hate to be the one to burst the 4-5-star-rating bubble on this place.  No, wait. That's not true. I'm pretty steamed. I'm never one to turn down an opportunity to try a new pizza place, but unfortunately for my gag reflex, I wish I had never gone to Caprara's.  The waitress violated about 5 health codes while my boyfriend and I were in there. There was an old, dirty-looking guy who supposedly visits all the time (the entire wait and cook staff knew him well), and the waitress not only rubbed his head with her bare hand before touching our pizza, but she also rubbed the inside of our to-go box on his hair before bringing it to our table. Whether or not this man has scalp issues that would make this even more disgusting is beside the point. It is rude and absolutely uncalled for for anyone who works in the food industry to behave like this. When we asked her for a new box, she said "Oh, there's nothing wrong with this one, I wiped it off on my apron." Yea, like that makes it better.  But, since I realize her behavior was (hopefully) a fluke, I'll also review the pizza itself. I wanted to give it a fair chance, but neither of us liked the taste of the pizza. The crust was dry, the sauce was watery, and the cheese tasted like leather. The whole thing was bland. It made my taste buds want to cry from boredom. The pepperonis had a hint of tang which was the only bright side, but it was hard to choke down even half a slice of pizza since the whole thing tasted like it was a week old. Either they're using expired ingredients or they don't know the meaning of the word "flavor."   For some odd reason, they're always crowded on weekends when we drive by. I can't figure out why, given the taste of their pizza and the hefty price tags (and the unsanitary practices). To say I wouldn't recommend this place would be an understatement.  

                The pizza is great, but my favorites at Capraras are the pastas, salads and the ribs.  The ribs have some of the best flavor you will find anywhere.  I always leave completely full and with a to go box to boot.  

                Fresh pastas are outstanding!  You get huge portions.  Although it's good enough to scarf down in one sitting,  I try to exhibit restraint & make two meals out it.  The salads are excellent--very fresh. I recommend the housemade balsamic vinagrette.   I'm not sure if they still have ribs on the menu, but Caprara's ribs are better than those served at  BBQ restaurants.   Pizzas are good . All the ingredients are fresh, but too much raw garlic.  We don't order pizza anymore, it's too expensive.  

