                If there were 6 stars I would've given them all! It's almost like a nicer hole in the wall so-to-speak with a modern clean sign and inside so my husband and I were so blown away by their food!! I had the vegetarian wrap with the most moist amazing um fried chickpea balls (?) I think with veggies and the green hot sauce and the savory sauce that came with it completed the wrap and my Indian food experience life!! My husband had the salmon fish with rice and naan plate and the fish was done perfectly and the spices and this rub on the fish was out of this world good!!   I'm from L.A. and have been to many Indian places there but I really have not had this good of an Indian lunch in a long while. Then to too it off, we were sittig in the outside tables since we had our furry daughter with us and the owner/chef (I think?) personally came out to explain that he cooked the salmon in high heat so that it was slightly charred and crispy on the outside but juicy and moist inside and asked us if we were enjoying our meal!!!! Who does that these days when your meal costs you like $7.99?? (Fish dish was I think about $14.99 but so worth it!!) oh and on top if that my wrap came in this aluminum foil with paper on one side and he said that it's not just any foil but he uses this special wrap to keep the wrap warm but not mushy/soggy (from the heat)! Amazing. it showed love, care and pride for his food and restaurant/cafe and it felt wonderful to eat their food.  Hands down the best Indian food we've had in a while and the cherry on the top is when the owner came out himself to ask how we were enjoying our lunch! If you live in Solano County you have got to check this place out and support a fabulous and delicious small and local business! :)  

                Chaats Café has been on my radar for the past few months and after a quick visit to the COSTCO just across the lot, I ended up here. I usually eat Indian cuisine or anything that falls outside the category of "In & Out," when I'm flying Han Solo... I'll try just about anything.   That's one of the things I miss about living closer to an urban area... The eclectic variety of eateries. To try a culturally different food is an opportunity to experience an entirely different world, one just needs to be open to it. I'm tired of the ethnocentric bullsh*t of preconceived crap that people spew forth from their pie holes without having a clue about what the hell they're talking about... 'And on that note, Indian food is my next "Lesson plan."   The restaurant was empty. I walked in and announced my vast, lack of knowledge to the two ladies at the counter regarding Indian cuisine... 'And the rest was awesome. I've been to a handful of Indian restaurants but it's all still a bit of an enigma to me.   "My adventure continues..."  Madina, my server, and Harman, whom I believe was one of the owners were very helpful in assisting me in narrowing down my selection. I was hungry, so ALL of it looked appealing. I'm not a very hard-to-please customer, decent food, fair service is the baseline for most new places I try. I don't expect, "kiss-my-butt," service or Michelin 5 Star cuisine but I do expect decent food and customer service.  Harman: What do you like?... Me: 'Everything, and that's not an over generalization. It's true. (Disclaimer: However, I am not a big fan of brussel sprouts and lima beans but I will eat them.) Madina: A lot of people like the wraps?... Me: Well, being my first visit here, what would you recommend?   So, after a few minutes of going over the menu with the Harman & Madina, lunch was decided. I was having Chicken Tikka Masala, Onion Naan, and Mango Lassi... 'And it was g'oood.  It seems that I always have a tendency to order the Chicken Tikka Masala... (Shrugs) It's a familiar dish, safe. I need to start ordering outside of that comfort zone but it's always a great place to start! After all, if an Indian restaurant messes up something as basic as Chicken Tikka Masala, that's a pretty good indicator of what to expect from the rest of the menu. (That wasn't the case here.)  It's nice to eat someplace that doesn't have a $1 Value Menu, a meal accompanied with a Made in China, plastic toy, or a hamburger patty that's made up of more filler than actual "meat." In comparison, the surrounding Vacaville/Fairfield area offers a relatively small selection of privately owned, good eats kinda spots versus fast food/commercial restaurants. So, whenever I find a spot like Chaats Café, it's a nice find. (Even more so, when the food & service is good)  Chicken Tikka Masala ($12) - Very good; flavorful; okay portions  Onion Naan ($2.75) - Very good; flavorful; fresh Mango Lassi ($2.75) - Good  The restaurant was clean, organized, well lit. The TV was playing Indian Music Videos. (Imagine MTV but with an Indian flair and equally annoying, where the men & women dance exactly the same... I had to look away.) I'm kidding! It was MORE annoying than MTV.  Madina, my server/waitress was very attentive & helpful. She came by a number of times to check on me and making sure I was okay. At one point, she stopped by the table and asked if I wanted any chutney... Me: Okay, what exactly is Chutney? Madina: You can eat put it on your Onion Naan... Me: Is it a sauce?... 'A dip? So, I eat it with the bread? Madina: You can also put it on your rice... Me: So, it can go on the naan or the rice?... Madina: You can also eat it with the Chicken Tikka Masala. Me: (Relieved) I can eat it with just about everything? Well, that makes it less stressful.  You see, I want to eat & experience the food as it should be. I don't want to do a faux-pas and put my salad dressing on the french fries. To get a better idea of chutney, I did what any reasonable geeky person would do, "I Googled it!" Chutney is a condiment, several sources have referred to it as a relish/jam made from fruits and vegetables that can be paired with a variety of foods.... That's the simplified definition and I'm going to leave it at that. Otherwise, the rest of my review will be spent just explaining chutney. (I highly suggest, you do a search on it and arrive at your own conclusion.)   "Ode to Indian Food" by DJ Park  Indian foods a puzzle, What should I get? Lamb, chicken, maybe goat?... "B'aaaaahaha!" Just a small bit.  'And what the hell is chutney, A sauce or a dip? Do you eat it with naan, Rice, or a chip?  I love to eat food,  From all different places, 'Small sample, a tad, And some by the cases.  Food is like life, Variety and all, Bland, mild or spicy, Some short, and some tall.  Eat well, eat often, 'And laugh in between, Travel life's currents, Like a leaf on a stream.  - Big Aloha!  Food: 5 Ambiance: 4 Service: 4+ Value: 4  

                Indian is not typically my first choice, but I just love to support this local business.  Every time I stop by the service is excellent and my meal is yummy.  I only wish they offered Dosas - my new fav Indian go to dish.  I'm guessing there is probably a good reason I am not aware of.    Thank you Chaats for bringing delicious Indian cuisine to Cordelia/Green Valley.  

                After having Chaats bookmarked on Yelp forever, we finally decided to give it a try. It's a very unassuming restaurant tucked away in the corner of a shopping center. We walked inside and were surprised to see such bland decor. The cashier was very friendly and we briefly looked over menus before deciding on Chicken Tikka Masala and a Lunch Combo of Saag Paneer and Chicken Vindaloo.   We paid, grabbed a drink, and took a seat. The food was out fairly fast and smelled delicious. We dug in and were pleasantly surprised with the bold flavors of our dishes! We both highly recommend this place for delicious Indian food!  

                Good food, nice people, weird atmosphere (in a strip mall and a space I think used to be a Mexican restaurant based on the Tecate and Corona beer signs). Recommend skipping the appetizers.  

                I love this place! Food is flavorful and portions are great. I came here 4 times in one week! It was ridiculous. It's that good!   Recommendations: Spicy chicken tikka masala  Vegetable pakora Samosas  Garlic Naan Tandoori roti  Sweet Lassi  

                This is another step up for Cordelia.  Their service and food were great! (Especially their chicken tikka masala)! The naan is perfect.. At least better than the ones I make at home lol & There is even a lunch special till three with rice, any curry, naan, and a free drink... I will definitely go here floors often! Oooooh their rasmalai dessert is THE BOMB!  

                Chaat's is celebrating their  anniversary.  Love they took the signature naan bread and made a delicious sandwich wrap. Their sauces makes the dish burst with flavor. They have a piping hot tea made fresh upon request a wonderful choice considering it's a cold and rainy day. They have Wi-Fi made available :)))  

                A small, almost fast food type of atmosphere, this is a good spot for a quick meal.   The service is terrific and the ingredients are all fresh and high quality.  Everything looks, smells and tastes really fresh. You can conveniently order take out directly from the counter or eat there with table service. My knocks on the place are that the prices are pretty high for a restaurant that is not at all festive or traditional in decoration or ambiance and the naan is rather plain.  

                Took my 74 year old mom here. She's never tried Indian Cuisine. She could not stop eating the Fish Tikka Masala and kept piling it on with the Basmati Rice.   I ordered some Garlic Naan with my Spicy Lamb dish. It was a match made it heaven so my stomach says.  As usual this place never fails always good eats...  

                Just picking up some tasty take out... tonight the Chat grill special, a mix tandoori grill, never had it before, but no worries, Viv and I come here so often were just picking random items off the menu!!  It's not crazy, we really love Indian food and it's most common for here Punjabi style Tandoori grilled Chaats or snacks are really prevalentin the bay area.  Hoeven this Chart Joint Really Stands out, especially in Solano co. where adventure dining is still 'chili fries'  but seriously every item here such as Bell Puri, a cool salad snack with puff rice crispy,  and spicy herbs and beans, is awesome, an the Dhabi (youghurt) offerings are c delicious and beautiful on the plating too. I really love the class service and family feel... Bravo Charts Cafe!!  

                OK here we go... 5 stars for a fast food style Indian restaurant ? The lamb saag served with naan & Taj beer = perfection only if well prepared and well served. This was perfect.  You don't come here for ambience. Not a date night restaurant  You come here for good flavors, reasonable prices, friendly service -- not fashion.  

                They have a great lunch special! Any curry with rice, naan, and drink for $8.75.  

                The restaurant is located in the the shopping center next to the round table pizza. Good quality curries and large portions. We have gotten take out twice and have tried the garlic naan, chicken curry and the chicken tikka masala. We usually get the medium spice and it is a mild kick. Prices were not bad $15 for garlic naan and tikka masala.  Each order was enough to share for 2.  It's a nice and clean family owner restaurant and I'm glad we have some other food options in the green valley area. Would definitely return and they have a wide variety of dishes on the menu.  I would give this place 5 stars if the lady taking the orders was friendly. Both times we were met with a stern face and I am not sure if I actually want to dine in.  

                I'm so glad I checked out this restaurant. The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated. The service was great. And the food is very very very delicious!!  I highly recommend this restaurant.  

                Update...they make it spicier if you ask :D the food is still good the second time around!  

                Great little place to visit if you like Indian Food. Keep in mind, most things are pretty spicy. If you do not like things spicy, be sure to request things as "mild". The best thing on the menu is the "Chicken Tiki Masala Wrap". No doubt. After myself and many of our friends have eaten there, this is what we suggest! :) - Thumbs Up for this Restaurant. it's not going to break the bank either. :)  

                I was a bit hesitant to try this place out since a lot of other Yelpers were having difficulties with the flavors, quality of the food, and service.  Yea, I can sorta see the service being a tad shitty but aside from that I really wouldn't mind coming back.  I ordered: Samosa Chaat - Which was packaged in a container rather than a box?  Usually I get them in a box, nicely neat and different sauces on the side.  But after trying the three samosas that were packed into the container, I really liked it.  Chicken Tikka Masala - I ordered the medium flavor which was so good.  I did stay away from that round thing that another yelper was complaining about but the spice and flavor was good enough to have for the next days lunch. Garlic Naan - Pretty decent.  I liked it... idk how else to rate it.  

                The food here always tastes fresh and delicious, their garlic naan is incredible and their chai tea is soo so good! Order anything with lamb and you can't go wrong :) I also have received great customer service every time, I love this place!  

                Chaats is fairly new, the family loves Indian food and we decided to give them a try. While the decor inside makes you feel a bit ehhhhhhh, the food is delicious, the staff are friendly, and they have some great lunch specials. They are quality Indian food, the amount brought out (for lunch specials) will fill you up before you get to the end. If you are looking for a good tasty Indian food option in this area, go here!  

                This place seems new but it is located in a good place. The food was fresh & hot. I have been to a few indian restaurants where the food is not fresh and it is stale. so with the food being fresh and hot that is a good start. I ordered Chili Chicken and Naan. The Naan which is the indian flat bread was fresh and soft which was good. The Chili Chicken on the other hand was fresh and hot but heat level was not up to the mark. As the dish name says it you will expect to see Chili in the dish and with a high heat level. Didnt get that taste so little bit dissapointed.Onions in the dish was too chunky which made the dish overwhelming a bit.    However, still give it 4 stars just because the food was freshly made and hot.   Service was quick and friendly. family run business.   Price was reasonable all inclusive including tip was 15 bucks.  

                If you're looking for bland, inauthentic Indian Food, look no further!  I don't know what the people who rated this place five stars were smoking, but I don't recall the last time I was ever so disappointed and dissatisfied by a meal.  Chicken saag- Chicken was Chewy as if it had been cooked in a microwave. Not just overcooked chewy, I mean I really wonder if the meat was over defrosted in a microwave or over reheated, it was a terrible, gross, rubbery texture.  The saag itself, was not flavorful like any Saag/Palak Indian dish I've ever had.  There were rotten, I mean black oosing cardamom pods in the dish.  Though, they obviously had not been properly simmered in the dish, because the usually lovely cardamom flavor was not present in the bland dish.  It tasted like run of the mill creamed spinach, and not very good creamed spinach at that; I took picture of the nauseating rotting cardamom pods I found in the dish and will attempt to post them.  Chicken curry - extremely bland, it doesn't have to be spicy hot to be flavorful, but flavor would be nice/expected. When I asked if they had any chili sauces, he said yes, and then brought me a little plastic ramekin of Tapatio.    The samosa chaat was just Bleh, an weird! There was bland sauces and sour cream (DEFINITELY not Indian yogurt) dollopped all over.  I love sour cream, but it was a bit strange tasting. The Garlic naan was ok, a bit gummy. It was honestly the least offensive, and was edible.   Service- below par doesn't cover it.  You get better customer service from a MacDonald's.  Upon entering there were some people with menus and ordering from a seated table.  There were also a couple of people at the counter  (counter a la fast food restaurant) waiting.  They proceeded to order at the counter for what we assumed were to go orders, so we grabbed some menus and sat after getting no greeting or direction/instruction what-so-ever.  We then sat at a table for 5-10 minute after the people at the counter had ordered.  Still no greeting, and the one guy that was in the front of the restaurant, the one who had taken the order at the table and the counter, then began rolling silverware, adding to a large pile.  So, I went up and said can I order here, he took my order finally.  Just terrible, not rude, just not good service or management.  They REALLY need to get it together.  The white rice, spot on!  If you're looking for white rice, go here! If you want good service and good/flavorful/descent Indian food, Bombay Palace on West Texas Downtown Fairfield, Clay Oven in Vacaville, or Punjabi Dhaba in Dixon (Punjabi Dhaba: ONLY for fresh made sit down dinner off menu, NOT for the buffet) are all three FAR FAR FAR superior.  I was excited to try this new place and very disappointed and dissatisfied by the entire experience.   This is the first time we left Indian food leftovers behind.  We will not be going back.  

                I really enjoy eating Indian food and this place is great, good food and love the service!!!  

                I work in the area and come often for the chicken tikka masala wrap, it is so yummy. Basically, it's s the best  Indian food dishes (naan and chicken tikka masala) all wrapped into one item. Also, the prices are reasonable and the customer service good. The other dishes I've had have also always been on par like the chicken biryani.  

                This is my second time coming to this place. The food is really good, and the staff are very friendly. Clean place and very comfortable atmosphere.  

                As an Indian always eating Punjabi food and going to a Punjabi restaurant I have to say this place is pretty much better than many of the Punjabi restaurants in the Bay Area. Wraps are best!  

                Super good food I had to check this place out because I was craving Indian food. I tried the Chicken Tiki Masala with the Mango Yogurt drink which as really tasty. It was a bit pricy but the food and the wait was worth it. For what it was the place don't look to busy because when I went in there there was no customers eating in. All I seen was take outs customers getting their food in advance.   I would like to explore more of their menu but maybe another  

                Really great Indian food and just what the area needed! Service was fast and the owners were friendly. I would come back in a heartbeat!  

                I discovered this place while in Fairfield on business- great find! If we had a place like this in Truckee (Lake Tahoe), I would definitely be a regular.  I grew up eating home-made North Indian cuisine cooked up with love, so I can't help being picky when it comes to puris, papadums, parathas, and just about everything in between.  I had an order of chicken makhani for lunch, which came with plenty of thick naan, rice, cucumber salad, and a rich, flavorful side of daal. I wasn't given an option of spiciness, but it didn't matter. It was perfect- not too spicy, but full of flavor. The mango lassi was just right. Generous in size, thick, and no ice to water it down.  The service was superb. Friendly, helpful, and welcoming. I often pass by on I-80 traveling to and from the Bay Area, so keep up the good work- I'll be back!  

                Very solid tiki masala sauce, delicious paneer, chicken tasted nice and fresh! The serving dishes were very quaint, and portions were perfect-sized. Only set-back was an awkward atmosphere, which won't be an issue if you go with good company!  

                My family ordered some takeouts. Great food generally, thr rice was top quality.  But tandoori chicken was slightly below my expectations.  

                I go here twice a week and order the same thing. The Chicken Masala wrap is heaven for me!!!!  

                Picked up for take out. Food was very good and had flavor,  not bland and the dishes did  not all taste the same as some places. I will definitely be going back. The dining room is causal and laid back. Prices are a little on the high side but the food was worth it.  

                Again, super good food. Flavors are there. Lunch combo plate is the way to go. Excellent portion.  

                Sorry about that!!  

                Good food and a great price. Naan was excellent. I had a chicken dish that was great. It may not be the best I've ever had, but for the price and location, you can't beat it.  Customer service was excellent.   I will return very soon.  

                The first two times we were there, the food was good and the service was excellent.  Last night we had issues with both food and service.  The flavors of the curries (Lamb Korma and Butter Chicken) needed help.  Both dishes were seasoned correctly from an Indian spice standpoint, but they lacked basic SALT.    Service was super slow.  There were only 6 tables, which for 3 servers would have been ideal, yet I saw two tables that arrived after us getting their food first.  When our curries came out, there was no rice, and the naan didn't make it till midway through the food.  We finally got the bill, and it took another good while for them to pick up the credit card.  The lady that brought it stood right there while we filled out the receipt, a bit weird...  So I don't know, even though this place is very convenient, i think next time i need an Indian fix the drive to Vacaville's Clay Oven is going to be completely justified.  

                Small Indian restaurant that is stuck next to Round Table Pizza. Barely knew it was there!! So my friend and I ordered fried codfish for an appetizer which was good but not great. The taste of salt and pepper mixed with LOTS of lemon was distracting and overwhelming. For the main course we ordered a vegetarian curry, spicy kebab wrap, garlic naan and onion naan. Must say that meal WAS AMAZING. My kebab wrap was spicy, not in the sense that it was blazing hot but had a strong spice to it. The sauces they give you on the side compliment it well. The naan bread was delicious! I did prefer the garlic one versus the onion because the onion one actually is tiny chopped onions mixed in to the bread. Kind of felt like eating grilled onion bits in my bread. I'm giving this place a 4 out of 5 because although food was good, service can be a bit better. Server rushed through our order and didn't hear what I wanted omitted. They were nice enough to fix it though! Also confused us with the options and didn't clarify so my friend just nodded and said "Uhm, sure?" Haha. Luckily it was the right choice. Def will go back!  

                I was excited about this place and had to try it! I was a bit disappointed, the meals (we ordered the vegetarian things) were very, I guess, just bland and unsatisfying - and I wouldn't recommend it or go back, unfortunately.  

                I've had the chicken korma and the lamb curry and they were both delicious!  The naan is fresh and yummy, too.  The service is great - they were very nice and helpful when I had questions about the different dishes.  The prices are good too.  We will be adding this to our list of local faves!  

