                For chinese fast food, this place is REALLY GOOD. They give humongous portions for a reasonable price. A combo will last me 2 meals for sure, sometimes even 3!   The ladies who work are SUPER nice and generous with the portions.  One of them is much more generous with the servings and when I go she is usually the one serving the food.  My usual order is half fried rice half thin chow mein with sweet and sour pork, and I switch if it up with either the tofu/mushroom or the green beans.  Sometimes if I end up getting the tofu/mushroom, she will add some green beans to my order because she says she remembers that I like it! Sweeeet! After you're done ordering your sides, they will pile even more noodles/rice on (in addition to the already gigantic portion they gave).   The thin chow mein here is my favorite and the fried rice is good when its fresh.  I try to eat most of the fried rice when I eat it for my "first meal" because it ends up being hard if I try to reheat it.  Everything else reheats very nicely though.    I have learned to avoid the foods that are fried, such as the fried calamari or the fried garlic chicken(?).  They are always hard and chewy when I get them, but they get good reviews here idk. Fried tofu is good though!   Sometimes if you come near closing, they will give you TONS and TONS of food, you are barely able to close the box. One time the lady said "Don't expect so much next time, it is because we are about to close!" Ok, noted. hahah   Also, cash only :(  

                Wow, what a disappointing lunch. I came for the salt and pepper pork ribs listed on their menu. When I asked for them the lady at the counter just said no pork , calamari. Since I had my heart set on salt and pepper flavor I tried the calamari. Well the rest is history. The calamari was so greasy, hard and cold that it could have been setting around all day.   Fortunately they did not ruin the white rice, it did come out of the cooker in an above average quality.   For those who rated this place high I truly feel sorry for since they must eat some pretty bad quality food to rate this place 4 or 5 stars.  This is the first time I have ever wished that I ate at Carl's Junior next door.  

                There isn't much that can be said about this place other than you get damned good food for a super low price. The portions are huge, and unlike your other chinese take out places (cough Panda cough),, the food isn't soaked in grease. Typically, I'll come in here and drop less than 10 dollars on the 2 item special, a drink, and even a side item, and I'll have enough to eat for two meals.  Not to mention the service is amazing! I always tip big every time I come here, and my gratuity is always noticed and thanked with by free soup or egg rolls.  Hands down, my favorite Chinese food spot in SJ.  

                I tried to place an order over the phone for pick up and was told that they don't take orders over the phone. You have to come in and place an order so they'll make it for you. What's the use of them having a phone line? What Chinese restaurant doesn't take orders over the phone? No thank you.  

                order: chow mein, broccolli beef  

                My favorite is the garlic chicken and their fresh green beans. You can't go wrong, the owners are friendly and always remember me. That goes a long way if you ask me plus you can't beat the price.  

                Always a hit for my bf & I. Is it real Chinese food? No. Americanized Chinese food, fast service, friendly owners, cheap, and its consistent? YES! Only downside would be that it's CASH ONLY, hence why it's not a 5 star review.  

                Hungry and hungover. Man this is the best Chinese Togo foods I have ever has. Is a quick pick and go foods. Even the hot and sour is delicious. There is couples of tables so you can sit in and eat but mostly people's come in grab and go. The place is pretty small. Is like though Togo foods place at San Francisco Chinatown on Stockton street. But this place is a whole in the wall. Is a hidden gem behind Popeyes. On capitol ave, cheap and good.  

                Great food, great prices, awesome service! Definitely a diamond in the rough! My Dad has been going here for over 15 years! Would recommend this place to anybody. There green beans are so good that my Dad and I both crave it like pregnant women.  

                I love their food...me and my man have been going there for years..some of the best Chinese food I've ever had.they give you a lot of it too...  

                Love this place! They give you big portions which is always a plus! They are so nice and family orientated. I come here with my son and they are always so playful with him. Last time they gave him a caprisun! This is my go to place when I'm craving Chinese food. Their food and service never fails me.  

                Love love love this place for their food & the sweet owner!   I love their green beans! I am typically not a fan of green beans but I just love the way they cook it here. It's perfectly cooked. Not too soft or undercook. There's a perfect crunch to it. Chow mien and hot & sour soup are also really good.   I've been going here for years when I'm craving for Chinese food. It's cheap and it can be two meals since they really stuff food into the togo container here. Of course I'm not complaining at all! :)   The owner is always so nice. She told me that they only use good quality products here to make their food and I think you can obliviously taste it. She also helped me carry my catering trays to the car. Yes, they do catering trays for parties! It's really cheap too!  

                My gf and I have come by more reguarly on Wednesdays when they have the discounted price. It's a small restaurant in the shopping center on Capitol and Hostetter. I've never actually eaten at the restaurant (I always take the food home), but they have a handful of tables there.   This food is delicious!! My gf tells me it has a lot to do with the wok and how they use it. Well then I must say they've mastered cooking with the wok. All the food I've tried has had a really pleasant smoky flavor it. I typically order chow mein, fried rice, green beans, and beef & broccoli. The food tastes very fresh and seems very authentic (nothing like what you'd get from Panda Express).  The only thing I dislike is that they are CASH ONLY. Luckily I've had cash lately and have been able to go. I typically don't carry cash though so if I'm ever really hungry and want food fast, I may very well forgo coming here to avoid having to go get $$ first.  Oh, and the workers seem very welcoming and friendly. Come here enough times and they begin to recognize you. lol.  

                This chinese cuisine spot is certainly a good one!  Small and cozy in the inside but very distinguished people working.  I always see the same lady in the front,  have yet to get on first name basis with her!  The guy in the back that cooks does a great job at replenishing the food that's low in supply at the buffet line. With a 'Shoalin' quickness!  Chao Chi is known for their fried rice!  I love to order it for large parties but their chow mien, egg rolls, hot and sour soup and veggy dishes always do a good job at hitting the spot :)!  

                Good cafeteria style Chinese food. I personally like this place a whole lot better than Mr. Chaus or Panada Express. I have tried several of their dishes and my favorite box is half and half fried rice/chow mein, garlic spicy chicken, and eggrolls. Go their on Weds and it's only $4.99! That's flat out a great deal. So if you're in the mood for fast Chinese food I would def recommend giving this place a chance  

                I love chao chi. Every Wednesday, I go and get the combo plate for about $5.50 and they PACK it with food. The lovely asian ladies running it are really friendly!  

                Came to this place at the suggestion of a few friends who can't stop talking about this place. Their favorite seemed to be the salt and pepper chicken, the garlic chicken, and the chow mein, so I tried those. It was delicious. I also wanna try out the tofu and a few of the other dishes.  First of all, the place looks like your typical Chinese fast food restaurant, but it was way cleaner compared to other Chinese food restaurants in the area. The service was great and they were so nice. Portions were huge and prices were way cheap for the large amounts they packed into my box - I'm definitely coming here from now on to save money.  Hands down the best Chinese fast food in San Jose. I know there's a few nearby big ones, but they are much more expensive and give nowhere near as much of this one.  

                Ok, so this is a Yelp failure.  The food was ok. Not nearly the 4 star average it shows. Look, I know Chinese greasy spoons. I love em and embrace them. When I want a MSG bomb I go full bore.  For one, there are no labels on any of the dishes. Fair enough. But when asking what each dish was resulting on each item being put in my to-go box only to be scooped back out...that gets a little old. The portion sizes were extremely small. I don't want a box that can't close unless you figure out a way for me to absorb my MSG's in my induced food coma via osmosis. That said...these were very small servings of meat.   Also, lets talk cleanliness and food safety.  Whoever was ordering the scarlet looking meat dish that was due up next on the steam line...well hate to tell you this but the bowl it was sitting in, well it was sitting on a cardboard box next to the cashier on the floor. I wrote this whole trip off when I saw that thinking I would probably be spending some quality time catching up on my favorite reading material.  Thankfully the food was ok. It wasn't bad. it wasn't stellar. There are alot of greasy spoons out there. I may try this one more time just to see but we'll see. The folks behind the counter seemed nice enough and I can't knock em for that.  ***Oh, and bring small bills. My 2 to-go dinners were 10:50 and when trying to pay with a $20(all I had) they had no change. Like...none. I ended up with three dollars worth of dimes.  

                The lady who runs the place is oh so sweet and knows a thing or two about customer service. On Wednesdays they have a $4.99 special for a combo meal. She will hook you up with lots of food if you get there a bit before closing time so if you're hungry- that's the best time to come in!  

                Pretty good place. Better than Panda Express as they really give you your money's worth and the quality is a tad better.   They are very helpful and will help you decide on what to eat.   Nothing earth shattering, but overall pretty good if you want some quick Chinese food and are in the area.  

                Great service & very welcoming staff! Vickie is such a nice lady! My parents have been coming here for 15-18 years now and we always enjoy the party trays that they provide for our events.  

                Stop by here to have lunch while working, good food, they offer 2 kinds of chow main,  nice variaty of food  

                This is the spot I always hit up when I visit norcal.   great chow mein and the honey walnut shrimp is a must get. Definitely worth your money.  

                Always great food here, sometimes they run out, but it's never old food.  

                The food was alright. Kinda tasted funny but i was hungover and hungry.  

                Came in at almost closing time with the whole family.   Lady definitely was still warm and welcoming.   Since they were closing there wasn't too much selection but not to fear. She practically gave us all the remaining:  S&S pork very good flavor, texture Lemon chicken again good  Egg rolls: ok  Fried shrimp good (on the more "batter"y side) Noodles delicious  Beef broccoli wow. Love the flavor of the beef. Great al dente large cuts of broccoli served on the side.   Here's the kicker being Wednesday she have us the 4.99 special. Totaling out to 17?  I give her a $20 and say keep the change  She thanks me by opening my bag of food and adding more egg rolls and fried shrimp!!!   To top it off gave both the kids Capri Suns   It's the little details that make service special and I want to make sure this is known!  Great food, over the top service they really appreciate there customers.   I give many 5 star reviews but this really defines what a 5 star review is!  Value, quality, service!  

                After work today I  tried Chao Chi because of all the positive reviews.  I had the two item combo, it cost about 7$, with tax.  I had the Spicy Chicken and Orange Chicken, with the fried rice.  I wanted to try the Kung Pao Chicken but they where pretty much out of it by the time that I got off work.  The food was okay for 7$.  I mean there are many place in San Jose as well as the rest of the bayarea that serves the same thing for more or less dollars.  If the price would have been 6$, then I would have given them 4 stars because you have to consider the price for what they give.   Overall, for the money, it's average.  

                I'm still looking for some good chinese food in the bay area.  

                I've bookmarked this place on yelp for years but never had the chance to go. I was craving Chinese and didn't feel like venturing far to please my craving. Luckily boyfriend took me here for my first time and I was pleased with the service and the food! The ladies were super nice and like what other Yelpers have said, THEY PACK IT TO THE POINT YOU CAN'T CLOSE IT.   Holy grail of quick Chinese food. Got half and half thing chowmein and fried rice, general Tsao chicken, green beans and an order of honey walnut shrimp! I love their honey walnut shrimp but $8.99 for the shrimp is pretty pricey. Maybe just the combo deal is enough. I don't know what is in the hot sauce but it's super super good. Get it and eat it with your food because you will have a flavor explosion in your mouth!  I shall be coming back when I crave for good Chinese food and I'm pretty happy that this location is super close to my home!  

                I've been on this orange chicken kick lately and get this, I have 2 bags of boneless and skinless chicken breasts in my freezer but the hot weather and recovering from my birthday has made it difficult to cook so here I was on a Thursday evening, I believe, I was on the hunt for dinner.  I wanted something close to home and something crossed off my bookmarks so two years later, it's finally knocked off.  It's hard to find a place that makes a good orange chicken and to be honest, I have never tried Panda Express.  If I'm going to be eating something highly fattening, you best believe that I'll be at a restaurant enjoying it, not at a fast food joint.  I have tried the orange chicken from Wok Star Express and it petrified me.  Chao Chi was my 2nd attempt at orange chicken that wasn't homemade (I make a pretty mean and less fattening version) and it's pretty darn delicious.    I have no clue if this was a cash only joint or not but I had cash and was just in a rush to get my food to go home but I did notice the $5.75 for a combo meal.  The meal consist of a carb (fried rice, HK-style chow mein, American chow mein [big fat noodles] and 2 things.  My daughter opted for the chow mein, orange chicken, and eggrolls and I had the same except no eggrolls but spicy garlic chicken instead.    The spicy garlic chicken wasn't spicy nor garlicky at all but it was very tasty.  The chow mein was a little bland but the hit was the orange chicken which was fried to perfection.  I can't really describe it - I loved it!  There are lots to choose from and going by the looks and taste, the things displayed there are fresh and I love that the entire food area is clean...   After consuming over 800 calories, I took the kids for a long walk.  

                Just happen to run into this place during lunch.  Literally a hole in the wall place, but definitely worth the visit.  The portions are ginormous and the food is freshly cooked.  Think of Panda Express x 10!  Actually, once you go to this place, you'll stop going to PE.  For 2 items and chow mein, fried rice or 50/50 (chow mein & fried rice), it's only 5 bucks.  I usually get the 50/50 with either garlic chicken or sweet & sour pork and tofu with chicken.  Very good, affordable and the staff is friendly.  Leave your credit card at home since this is a cash only business.  

                The food here is very yummy for a Chinese take-out. Most Chinese place have soggy string beans but Chao Chi's string beans are crunchy and not too oily. The fried rice has a smokey flavor that I like.  What I love most about this place is the owner. A raggedy man came in with two dollars asking if he could get some noodles (they're usually 3.50) and the lady owner gave him a take-out box filled with noodles. She was very kind and I wish more people were like this. I will keep coming back to Chao Chi because of this.  

                Love going to this place for a quick Chinese  fast food. For a combination only $6 for 2 choices, if you want a quick service and just in and out, try this place. They also have different selections for different combination you feel like having. I have been a regular to this place for years. I would suggest this place to anyone who is just looking for a quick chinese fast food. You can also place order here for party trays.  

                $6.29 meal combo. Optional half rice/ chow mien. Two items. Done.  

                I have been eating  here since I was little it love this place and love the owners always so nice when I come in !! Please open Sundays !!  

                Honest review... food is good on the plus side...you may be wondering well why are the reviews soooo high? Portions! and the owner is super nice... she does this thing and its on purpose! she  comes at the end right when you're paying and adds more noodles to the already large amount of noodles!  also it sometimes can taste really good when its been a busy day and it is fresh...freshness.. this is because the food is premade out for you to pick! the basic chow mein or fried rice and 2 entree kinda thing...but it has been pretty good... esp their string beans and salt and pepper pork... thats my fave!    small location/not a place you really want to dine in at! much better to take it to go!   check it out!  

                If you're looking for fast, cheap, no frills Chinese take-out food then this is a good place to go! I first went here while in high school over 10 years ago when $5 was precious gold; coming back recently I'm surprised the prices have barely changed!  The gf and I ordered chow mein with garlic spicy chicken and sweet and sour pork to go. Our friends also ordered the cheap 2 item combo plates but also got a side order of honey walnut shrimp which was IMO a little pricey for what it was.  After getting a sample of what everybody had ordered, I'd definitely recommend getting the garlic spicy chicken.   Tip: you can ask for half rice and half chow mein and from what I've seen, they stuff your box even more!  

                one o the best places to order catered chinese for any occassion.  Everyone has their go-to place for what they like but personally Chao Chi has never let me down.  The owner takes great pride in her business and the exceptional service for her customers not to mention how great the artistic cooking ability is of the Chef.  Their food is tasty and their prices are affordable.  I recommend the spareribs and honey walnut shrimp.  for your next party, give em a try and im positive you'll enjoy the experience  

                Hidden Chinese fast food. Major hole-in-the-wall.  On Wednesdays, they have a deal: 4.99$ for 2 item combination plate with fried rice or chow mein. That's before tax though. On other days, its 5$ something.   I got chow mein with spicy garlic chicken and calamari. I could pass on calamari. Chow mein had no meat. When I got home, I had to add a good amount of soy sauce to it, but then again, that's just my opinion. But the spicy garlic chicken though!!! A+ I would definitely come back for it!  Overall, good for the price I paid.  

                For what you get, it's definitely good. It really is better than your typical steam table Chinese food. I saw them load up several of the trays with freshly-made dishes while I was waiting. The proof of freshness was pretty much right there.  The people behind the counter are also very cool, loading up your tray, giving you samples of everything, generally taking care of you much more than you'd expect at one of these places.  Salt & pepper chicken was my favorite item. It looks like your typical fried fast-food Chinese chicken dish. One bite and you realize it's so much more than that.  The place is a DIVE. Don't actually eat here, just get your food and go.  

