                The best Cambodian food ever!  I love this place --- great Amok, ginger fish, chicken satay, soup and curry!  You can't go wrong with any dishes.  It's a hole in the wall restaurant but a place you have to try!  The owner is awesome! He's so funny and make you feel right at home.  Every time I come here -- we have a blast and a feast!  

                I was this close to giving up on this place because they're only open until 1:30pm Mon-Fri. But today was a MLK Jr. day and I finally got to try this unbelievable restaurant.   WOW!!    This was my first Cambodian food and it was AMAZING!!  Unfortunately Amok was sold out so we had Ginger Fish, Chicken Curry and Fish Stew. I cannot find words to describe the delicate flavor each dish had. They were full of flavor and all ingredients were in perfect harmony.   I will try to come back to Chez Sovan every chance I get. My office is too far from here but I'm now convinced it may be worth playing hooky and come eat at Chez Sovan.  I begged the owner to stay open until dinner time but he said he's too lazy. There is another Chez Sovan in Campbell but I'm not sure if that's run by the same owner.  One more thing - the service is amazing as well. The Fish Stew took a little while so the owner gave us 2 free dishes. We were so impressed with the amazing food and amazing service that we left a huge tip.  Chez Sovan might as well be the best restaurant in San Jose.  

                Today, I tried Cambodian food for the first time because my cousin said it was her favorite restaurant in San Jose. My cousin is also this restaurant's best customer. From the outside, Chez Sovan looks unassuming. The bourgeoisie might even call the neighborhood "sketchy." Rest assured that if you're coming here, it'll be in broad daylight as this place is only open for lunch from 11 to 1:30 PM Mondays through Fridays.   Chez Sovan is one place where I don't recommend taking pictures of your food. Why? Because after coming once, you'll be coming back so many times that these dishes will become ingrained into your memory. The three seconds you spent taking pictures were three seconds you should've been savoring a dish at its ideal temperature. You won't be taking pictures of the splendid decor of Angkor Wat paintings either because your five senses will be too immersed in the food.   I would certainly introduce my friends to this place. The food is much too good not to. Sometimes I rate a place higher because I feel a business is doing its best. In Chez Sovan's case, their best is the awesome-st skewers you've ever had. I also recommend the Amok (the first two items on the menu.) Afterwards, it's tasters' choice. Make sure to bring your sense of humor as the owner is full of bon mots. Bon apetit!  P.S. First-timers, there is a private lot around Chez Sovan on Madera Ave. Please park on the same side as the other cars.  

                Excellent food! This was my first time trying Cambodian food and the Amok (catfish wrapped in banana leaves) was delicious.  It had just the right balance of salt to sweetness, with beautifully light, hints of coconut milk.  The minute you cut into the Amok, it is fragrant and it cascades a delicious broth onto the banana leaf wrapper. Yum!  

                Located this spot via Yelp after finding out my First choice for lunch was closed Monday's.  When I visited Siem Reap, Cambodia  in 2013 the food didn't necessarily stand out and was basic.  So, I was intrigued by the High Yelp rating and thought it would be worth giving this place a shot.  First off this place is open M-F only for lunch between 11:00 am - 1:30 PM.   The hours alone should be reason enough to encourage you to try this place out. Upon entering Brian the owner promptly asked me (solo) to grab a seat at the counter.    There are only 2 or 3 counter spots and enough seating to keep the place pretty full  throughout the time it took me to have lunch.  Ordered the highly touted Amok and is was pretty good.  Perfect serving size for one person with a lunch appetite.  Apparently the menu has been getting smaller and smaller over time and it's all about keeping it simple and providing a quality product.  Brian is an energetic, charismatic guy who moved to the States in 1975 and has had this place since 1987.    After some small talk he mentioned his version of wealth starts with the inside and this is why he is comfortable turning out menu items that keep people coming back while being open very limited hours.     How can you not respect that outlook on life?  Great guy, great lunch spot and looking forward to come back whenever in the area to try some of the other items.  BTW - there is a location in Campbell.  This spot has a more extensive menu and hours of operation.  However, I'm not sure if or how Brian is affiliated with this location.  

                Place is pretty tasty and great when you order it spicy if you can handle it. There isn't much variety as the other location. They only open during lunch time. Wonder if they are same owners as the eastridge location.  They run out of certain type of meat twice on me. Would've given them more stars if they can keep better stock of food. Come on, they only open 5 days during lunch time so keeping inventory shouldn't be an issue considering they have a high turn over of customers.  

                I came here for lunch with a party of 5, and we ordered stir fried eggplant and chicken, amok, ginger fish with pork, chicken curry, fish stew, stir-fried noodles, and plain rice.  All of the food was really good and really flavorful, but portions were a bit lacking. I really liked the amok; I haven't eaten (or even see) that anywhere else before. The other dishes reminded me of other Asian dishes, but they were very tasty nonetheless. I think the prices are a bit high for the amount of food served, but I would come back here if I'm in the area wanting some good, flavorful, unique food!  

                I love their chicken rice soup is sour but is so good. And I don't even like sour stuff. And their chicken and beef kabob is so well flavor. And did I tell you their amok is amazing. Is fish with well season stuff in banana leaf. The owner and his wives is very nice and especially the guy owner he joke around with everyone. That a great plus. We often laugh to his joke.  

                I always failed to try this place out because it gets so crowded after 12PM.   My friend and I decided to go early today (around 11:20AM) and were finally able to get a seat.  We ordered Chicken skewer, Amok, and Chicken fried rice noodle.   All of them were DELICIOUS, especially, their AMOK!    We will definitely be back to try their other menus.   Can't wait. mmMmMmm  

                Don't really see what's the fuzz is about.   We went there with some coworkers since the reviews are great. It's a "up and coming" neighborhood and doesn't look very good from outside.   It was very busy despite being around 1PM. The menu was very simple and the dishes on other people's table didn't look fancy. The server was very energetic and friendly and the food came out fairly quick. He insisted on doing a finger promise that we tell others about the place (I really didn't want to touch him), and I guess this is me fulfilling it.   Unfortunately the food was really simple, kinda like a simplified version of chinese food and the portion was just alright. They ran out of the signature dish so I guess we'll have to come back to try it, but probably won't be any time soon.  

                It was so refreshing to sit in a nice restaurant with an uncomplicated menu and to eat flavorful Cambodian food (Amok!) prepared by happy people. I went back the next day with seven other people who also wanted to be refreshed. And so we were. And so you will be also. :)  

                Foodies are a funny bunch. We are fueled by unique and uncompromised food experiences. We have a mutated hierarchy of needs structure with things such as "comfort" being less important than the "story" behind the food preparation.  Why do we surrender ourselves willingly to this madness?!? Because of places like Chez Savon.  Creating a successful restaurant is no easy task. Add a shitty location and VERY limited hours into the mix and one would expect failure to be inevitable. Yet, at Chez Savon, these two otherwise limiting factors seem integral to the restaurant's explosive success.  With low rent and only 10 hours a week being open to the public, the family @ Chez Savon can focus on what really matters -- The Craft! In truth, one would be hard-pressed to find a more efficient operation. The manager, Brian, runs around the restaurant as a gregarious host and expeditor, business folk and foodies alike are rotated through the fifteen table establishment faster than a fast-food chain and NO ONE is sending food back!  The all-star of the menu is "Amok" -- Basa fish fillet mixed with coconut milk, lemongrass and lemon herb wrapped in a banana leaf and steamed to perfection. While it may not look like food porn, it most definitely tastes like it! Despite Amok's truly unique and authentic nature, there is nothing gamey or overly exotic about this dish. It's so good that most finicky children would enjoy it.  In addition to ordering the obligatory Amok on my last visit, I also got a Beef Satay -- tender slices of beef marinated with lemongrass, paprika and Sovan's special chili sauce (available for sale) barbecued on skewers. This satay was juicy and uniquely flavorful.  While it may be a stretch to label a restaurant "Best Food in San Jose", with total composure, I can say that Chez Savon is the most interesting food related experience in San Jose...Hands down!  

                Awesome food and the staff and owner have a great sense of humor.  I wish they had brown rice though :).  But their food is fabulous.  Once in a while, I give my fitness regime a rain check (by not skipping white rice) just because these guys have such an awesome food :).  

                LOVE. THIS. PLACE. It's seriously a treat whenever my family and I go to Chez Sovan bc they are never open on the weekends and when you go on the weekdays, you best get there relatively early or you'll need to wait! We love the guy who runs the place. He's such a character and makes you feel like you're in his house having a meal. "Thanks boss!"   The place is a small spot in the cuts of San Jose. Not really the best spot, but it's getting a lot safer and better now that they opened up a bunch of townhouses across the street. Parking may be a bother too during heavy lunch hours.  Despite the location, food is phenomenal. If you're like me and you also love fragrant, flavorful, southeast asian delights, you will LOVE this place. One of the best Cambodian restaurants in the Bay Area if you ask me. We always get the Amok and tofu salad. But you honestly really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. If you're new to the place, ask the kind, charismatic gentleman for some recommendations and HE WILL HOOK IT UP for ya!  

                Not the best looking restaurant. Furniture and decor extremely basic. The food is outstanding! Great value for the price.  

                Fantastic food, friendly service and fast for lunch, and we gorged ourselves for $20 each. Loved the easy breezy feel and the awesome people there.  Amok was a new kind of dish and I loved it - banana leaf wrapped, steamed fish mousse is the closest I can describe.   The fish stew was great, and as we learned, it's to be poured over rice (not eaten as soup from a bowl)  And the eggplant and chicken was savory and filling. Great food all around  Chez Sovan is a little difficult to find - it's on the corner of Madera Ave  

                A co-worker suggested this place and all i could think is (Cambodian what do they eat? what the hell am i going to order?) The answer ended up being DAM GOOD FOOD! with a side of great service. This is a total dive spot and they are only open Monday thru Friday from 11am-1:30 cause thats how good this place is. If you dont know what to order try the Basa Fish Amok and Ginger Fish. This is a must try!  

                We don't need no stinking Amok!  Actually, this was the ONE dish that we were all looking forward to sampling. One of my buds/coworkers highly recommended this place prior to lunch & based solely on his NON-Yelp review/run-down, we were already sold (though of course I checked Yelp regardless). ;)  As soon we were all free, we all crammed into my coworkers Mustang & headed down 101 S. When we finally arrived, we saw this "Seasoned" hole-in-the wall building with every window/crevice/crawlspace/mouse-hole covered with Iron Bars. Though seemingly uninviting, we were not at all deterred as we had one thing & one thing alone on our minds... Amok...   Anyhow..., Our lunch hour started a bit late & when we arrived at the door, we found that they were less than 30 minutes to closing up shop. We sat down & immediately placed our orders, starting with... "2 Orders Of Amok please". The server/owner politely interrupted & said, "Sorry we SOLD OUT". FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, NOOOOOOOO! Our mouths had already been depleted of saliva resulting from all the drooling in anticipation for this ONE DISH that our buddy so vividly described to us... The owner calmly said, "Not to worry! There's ALWAYS a back-up dish! I highly suggest the Ginger Fish!" He GUARANTEED that we would not be disappointed... Ehh, ok... sure... that works I guess? He then proceeded to make additional suggestions based on our collaborative tastes, resulting in the following items:  * Ginger Fish * Chicken & Beef Satay * Stir Fried Rice Noodles * Curry Chicken * Steamed Rice  Dishes arrived one-by-one, beginning with the Satay. 2 chicken & 2 beef (Beef was definitely my fave). Minutes later, one of the other servers (the owner's wife I believe?) came by with TWO MORE beef satay skewers stating, "These are better, the other ones were too well done". Seriously? I actually enjoyed the bbq char on the beef & it was the first one I reached for cuz it looked so damn good. Did I deny the freebie? Hellz No! What kind of funky pro-active service was this? Maybe we've stepped into the Twilight Zone?  Dish 2 came shortly thereafter, Stir Fried Rice Noodles, followed by the Ginger Fish & finally the Chicken Curry. As the owner had already mentioned prior, we would NOT be disappointed... Each dish was AMAZING... We were splitting amongst 4 so I had to be polite with the portion distribution, otherwise I would've ate all the damn fish myself. Stir Fried Rice noodles were also tasty & very "Pad Thai-like". Curry chicken was good, resembling a semi-sweet Thai curry, minus the heat (expected however with Cambodian cuisine), though heat would've been nice regardless...  Icing on the cake was the owner who could easily moonlight as a stand-up comedian (absolutely hilarious). He said good food & laughter leads to long life & I was eating up (not only the food), but everything he said... He even took the time to make his rounds at the tables & also shook hands with customers (as well as us) as we were walking out the door.   Lasting impression from the service, along with the food easily resulted in a 5 Star Review, even without trying the legendary "Amok". Honestly though, Food/Service far exceeded my expectations & anything additional would just be unnecessarily showing off... Based on the unanimous approval/thumbs-up from the entire lunch-crew, we probably would've STILL enjoyed our dishes, picking random menu items blindfolded or with our hands on a planchette (Ouija Style).  Best thing about the visit? Ironically, we still haven't sampled the Amok which means we shall be visiting once again in the very...near...future...  

                This sh*t is DELICIOUS... d e l i c i o u s!  No really though, it really is.  One of the BEST things I've ever tasted, to be exact!   A hidden gem, a hole-in-the-wall, but it's always what's on the interior that counts!   Yes, you may not able to find parking. Yes, you might have to park in a sketchy looking neighbor. Yes, this place gets packed. Yes, this place is loud. But I promise you that it will all be worth it!   Worth the trouble looking for parking (so I advise you to park on Oakland Rd if you see any spots before you make the right turn into the restaurant if you're coming from 880/101. It is worth the wait because patience is a virtue and your mind and tummy will be equally happy and satisfied after you have a piece of the Amok! It was pretty loud inside as well but what do you expect from a delicious, crackin', and freakin' amazing restaurant that's only open during lunch hours?   SO GOOD that I can even taste my first bite of the Amok from writing this review. It's better than it looks so don't judge it like one would judge the exterior of this restaurant either.  I called for take-out since I got off work early today. As soon as I arrived, my order was ready, and the owner here was super nice! He apologized that he couldn't hear me over the phone and suggested that I texted him my order next time. Excellent food and excellent customer service? There's absolutely nothing I love more. I will be a regular here and order many more Amok's because it seriously is so damn good!   I also ordered the rice noodles but it's probably better to eat it fresh than an hour later! It was still pretty tasty too.   I love this place. It's definitely going on to my SJ Must Eat list!   Chez Sovan, you made my meal and you made stomach very happy! :D  

                Yelp, you have done no wrong.   At first, I was shocked how short the hours are at this place and how many positive reviews there were. I stopped by for lunch at 11 before the rush. The guy who owns this place is an absolute character. He has such a welcoming personality and he can keep a conversation going for days. He does the short hours to relieve the stress of regular hour restaurant.   Now getting to the amazing food. I had to try the amok because of all the great reviews. It was a pleasant surprise. I knew I was going to taste fish, but it was so much more than that and it was so frickin good. Must try.   I also ordered the yellow curry with tofu. (My go-to dish at majority of Asia restaurants). It was very good. It had a nice consistency and it was a bit sweeter than I'm used to.   I also ordered the Cambodian sweet tea. (Identical to Thai iced tea). It was a nice touch on a lovely lunch.   All in all, I would definitely recommend if you like trying new stuff. Great costumer service, food and experience. 5/5.   FYI- The place is a total dive in a scummy part of town, but don't let that fool you. ALSO----Get there before the rush around 11 to have great service and a nice chat with Brian.  

                I always wanted to try out this place but never find time since they open only two hours a day.  I went here with my boyfriend on our day off.  The owner is extremely nice and friendly.  We ordered amok, green beans, soup and chicken skewers.  The ingredients are very fresh unlike any other Asian restaurants.  My boyfriend is Cambodian so he knows about the flavoring and what not.  He said the amok supposedly to be stinkier but Chez Sovan adjusted the taste so everyone can enjoy it.  I really like the coconut taste in it.  Also, the eggplant is more on the sweet side.  But it was good as well.  The soup is so so, tasted like Thai Tom Yum.  Their sweet tea is also Thai like.   The restaurant is clean despite the ratchet look on the outside.  This place should be Michelin recommended due to service, food and cleanliness.  

                This is a place I never would have found were it not for the goodness of Yelp! Chez Sovan: whatta gem. The place looks kind of divey on the outside, but it's clearly very popular with the lunch crowd, and it's been around since 1987 so I suppose it's something of an institution now. There were lots of regulars when we popped in for lunch.   The proprietor is hilarious, warm, and engaging, and he offers great suggestions to navigate the menu. He steered our party of five toward eating family style, by ordering five small dishes with a big bowl of rice, and this was sound advice.   We ordered amok, ginger fish, salad with chicken, noodles with beef, and curry with chicken. Each dish was excellent, carefully but quickly prepared, with complex, delicious flavors. My favorite dishes were the salad and the ginger fish; they had wonderful flavors and textures.   Chez Sovan is wonderful and I would highly recommend making the trip out here if you're in San Jose!  

                This is my first time having Cambodian food and I'm impressed!   A few notes:   There is no actual parking for the restaurant so you will have to find a spot on the street or in the neighborhood, no big deal (as long as you don't drive too nice of a car).   The place a little bit small.   They are only open from 11am to 1:45pm so try to arrive at 1pm at the latest! but  Even though this place is packed, the wait should only be 15 minutes max.   So after we got to our table, we ordered our food and our food arrived in a matter of minutes. We got the beef stir fried noodles, the chicken curry, and the amok.   The beef stir fried noodles tasted delicious with a sweet peanut sauce, kind of like pad thai.   The chicken curry was sweet but tasty.   The amok is fish and some other stuff wrapped in a banana leaf, and it is as delicious as everyone says it was!   When we first ordered, we ordered some of their iced sweet tea (kind of like thai tea). Our waiter totally forgot about it until I pointed it out on the check at the end. He apologized, took it off our check, and served us two teas on the house! Good looks! This place is the real deal!  

                I'm no stranger to Cambodian food since my best friend is Cambodian and I've had some really good dishes at her family parties in the past. Cambodian food also has a lot of Thai influence in it so the taste and flavors are all familiar to me.   However, dining in a Cambodian restaurant isn't a regular thing for me, so I was excited to find this place near a family friend's auto shop! I ditched my Jetta while it gets serviced and walked to Chez Sovan for lunch with my mother.  The restaurant barely opened for lunch service, and we were greeted and sat by the lady who I assumed was the owner! It isn't the nicest place to grab lunch at as my mom quickly turned to me and said "Is that really that place you wanna eat at....?!", but I was hungry for some Southeast Asian cuisine!  FOODS -------------------- Chicken Satay - We wanted to start of with chicken as appetizer since I really wanted beef curry for the main dish. Wrong choice that day `cause their chicken satay was so dry....  Amok - The owner recommended this dish and mentioned it is their most popular dish on the menu. I can see why! The fish was delicious and flavorful! Hands down something I'd come back here for.  Beef & Tofu Curry - We ordered the small bowl which was about $10, with chicken, beef or tofu option. Being a newbie, I had asked the owner if I can order a beef & tofu combo. To my surprised she said yes! I liked the variety the bowl of curry had and the perfect spice of the soup.  Overall, the good food and friendly service won me over. The catfish is my favorite and it is a MUST TRY!  

                Went with a group from work. The place is in an area you wouldn't expect to find great food but you are pleasantly surprised. Parking and seating are tight but try to beat the rush. The staff is very friendly and are sure to make you laugh n smile.  We tried the Fried Ginger Fish, Amok, Chicken Curry and beef & chicken Satay.   The Amok is the most authentic Cambodia dish and comes out quickly n wrapped in banana leaf. It looks cautious but when you take a Yomp with a bit of rice your mouth pops with flavor and quickly want to grab another Yomp to follow up that trip to flavor town. It has no stinky or fish taste it is very good.   The chicken curry was not spicy and had great flavor. It appears they cook it like a stew or something by the presentation. It os not thick but has potatoes, carrots and chicken that is moist and melts in your mouth. I would make it more spicy but did not ask as with a group. But the veggies mushed easily and had great flavor.  The fried ginger was okay, it was my least favorite as it was fried but had a great taste and was good to the Yomp.   Overall this place is a diamond in the ruff and I would visit again  I give it 4 Yomps - great visit to flavor town.  

                Absolutely loved this place. They're rarely open which makes the magical lunch hours even sweeter. We snuck in right at the closing bell and they were nice enough to bring us iced tea, chicken curry, and of course the famous Amok. I'd never had the dish before and was blown away. Savory from the fish, sweet from the banana leaf, and aromatic from the lemongrass -- what's not to love? Next time I'll make sure to come earlier so I won't have to rush through such an amazing meal!  

                This was my first Cambodian restaurant, and while I could identify the Southeast Asian flavors of curry and coconut milk, this place made me a fan and I can't wait to return.  With recommendation from a coworker, we got there right before noon, parking in the odd lot across the street and fortunately there was still plenty of space. As we sat, the place quickly filled up to the point where there was a double digit line by the time we left.  The manager/server is AWESOME. Big smiles, great attitude - he's the kind of guy who could sell sand in the desert. Told us everything was good, even the water (he was right). If you need a suggestion, let him steer, he won't lead you wrong. 4 of the 5 of us ordered a dish, plus the appetizer. The food came out one at a time, and we'll go in order.  Amok: Everyone says get this and they are right. Coconut curry catfish steamed in a banana leaf to make a dish full of flavors. Not fishy at all, and they pre-steam them so it came out almost instantly. Everyone went back from seconds.  Beef and Eggplant: My second favorite dish. If you're a fan of Mongolian Beef or similar beef dishes, get this. The eggplant is also excellent.  Ginger Chicken: The least eaten dish. The ginger, while flavorful, is a bit overpowering. Good, but probably wouldn't get it again.  Ginger Crispy Fish: And as I say that, the crispy basa fish was much better (although also much harder to split as the spoon isn't the best cutting device). Ground chicken on top, and lightly drizzled with the ginger sauce. Third favorite.  Tofu Curry: Even though I don't like tofu, I tried this and I still don't like tofu. But the curry was fantastic. Easily drinkable its that good.  With that, the 5 of us were full, and two of us had leftovers. Score!  Tips: Earlier the Better - if you are in a group, get there early. If you are a single or on a date, you will have may be luckier.  The staff is fantastic - The boss was fun and considering the food backs up his story, its hard not to love that guy. And the lead lady somehow was able to converse and keep water glasses full.  Get the Amok - who cares what it looks like; taste it and you'll like it.  

                First time here and first time ever having Cambodian food!  Finally tried this place!  I frequently drive by Chez Sovan, but I never thought of trying it until I read the spectacularly glowing reviews on Yelp.  The main reason why I've taken so long trying it out was it's unattractive location.  From the outside it looks like a dive.  I never thought I could get the kind of food I got from a place like this.  I guess you can't judge a book by its cover.  I came in a few minutes after they opened.  The place was a small and intimate place with about 15 to 20 tables that seats 4 per table.  Each table had menus and 4 plates on them.  I thought the place looked clean!  The tables were clean as well as the floors.  Utensils on my table was also clean!  Excellent start so far!     I got a small order of the following items:  Shrimp Hot and Sour Soup:  I liked this soup!  It was pipping when hot I got it, just the way I like it!  I was expecting something spicy with a sour taste.  I didn't detect too much heat nor the sour flavor.  Instead it tasted kind of sweet with fresh ingredients!  I was pleasantly surprised!  Amok:  I was really looking forward to this after reading the positive reviews on Yelp.  I really didn't know what to expect flavor wise.  I was expecting to be blown away.  The first thing I taste was ginger.  It was the prominent flavor in the dish.  There was a hint of curry flavor.  The fish was very good!  It was cooked beautifully!  Nice texture on the fish.  Very tender, like butter!  Although I liked the dish, I was not blown away.  I was expecting a "Hallelujah" moment, but it wasn't there.  I guess reading all the positive reviews hyped it up to heights that is impossible to meet.    Beef Curry:  I like the curry taste.  It was good.  However, I thought the beef could have been more tender.  The beef instead was a bit chewy.  It may have been over cooked.  I probably should have tried the pork instead.  Maybe next time.  Beef Satay:  This was my favorite during this visit.  The flavor was spot on.  The beef was tender.  I'll have to order more of it next time.  I also had a small order of steamed rice.  Overall, it was a good experience!  I enjoyed the food as well as the service.  They have a very friendly staff that is eager to please.  I look forward to my next visit to try other dishes.  

                I come here during the weekdays for lunch every so often. This is a hidden gem, and I wish they were located in downtown San Jose. I would eat here all the time!! I move everything here! Especially the amok! And the beef bbq sticks, which are never available on Mondays. So if you want to try that, go any day except Monday.   The waiter - love him! He's funny, always in a good mood, & I love seeing him.  I always feel great when I leave Chez Sovan!  

                Fave dish - the amok... basically coconut curry catfish steamed in banana leaves - its a must try! It tastes fresh and is full of flavor.   This spot is a hole in the wall Cambodian restaurant that is only open during lunch. Service is quick and friendly and there is plenty of street parking.   Support the local mom and pop shops - come early. Place gets packed by 1145am.  

                If it was not for Yelp, I would never have found out about this amazing place. Chez Sovan is a hole-in-the-wall kind of restaurant that serves authentic Cambodian food. The menu is sparse and simple, but all the dishes are fantastic.  I came here on a weekday for lunch with coworkers. I'd wanted to try this place for quite some time, but was definitely not expecting the exterior of Chez Sovan to look the way it did. It's an unobtrusive restaurant in an unattractive location. Upon entering, we were greeted warmly by the owner (I'm guessing), and since we had already made a reservation, we didn't have to wait in line. The owner encouraged us to order family style so we could sample all the dishes--I'm glad we listened to him. We ordered the shrimp salad, amok, chicken curry, stir fried tofu, and eggplant beef. I highly recommend all the dishes besides the stir fried tofu, which was nothing special. The shrimp salad was fresh and the perfect complement to the other dishes. The amok, which was highly recommended by everyone, was amazing. The fish is tender and soaks up all the lemongrass and coconut milk flavor. The chicken curry was slightly spicy, but mainly sweet. The eggplant beef was surprisingly not oily at all, and the sauce it came in was absolutely delicious. We also ordered the Cambodian iced tea, which was basically the same thing as a Thai iced tea.  Service was quick and efficient. All our dishes came out under 10 minutes despite the fact that the restaurant was cramped. The owner was incredibly friendly and joked with all the customers. I could tell that there are a lot of regulars at this restaurant and for good reason! The restaurant is rather small, so I definitely recommend coming early to avoid the lines. Also, this restaurant only does lunch on the weekdays. The prices are very reasonable, and the portions are generous. I'm so glad I got to finally sample Chez Sovan--I highly recommend this place for a unique and amazing dining experience.  

                Coworkers took me here last week...FANTASTIC!!!  Eggplant was amazing, the Tofu fish was amazing, the fish stew was AWESOME!!!  Only downside is im a diabetic and many of their dishes have alot of sugar in them. Other than that, this place is a must go to!!! only open for lunch during monday to friday so make a point to get here as its always packed!!!  The guy who owns this place is a crack up and loves a good laugh !!!  

                ******************************* 940 *******************************        Chez Sovan is a hole on the wall Cambodian restaurant located in a not-so-nice neighborhood, but it's authentic, good service, and consistent with small menu for lunch. They do exactly what they need to do, good and comfort food for lunch.         The menu has changed a lot since the last time I was here and it's less than 20 savory and dessert dishes now.   #1 Beef Satay - special house sauce, was quite tasty.  #2 Basa Fish Amok dish wrapped in banana leave, is so good and hearty.   #5 Chicken Soup - lemongrass, serves with steam rice was pretty awesome too.  The Beef and Green Beans dish is also good.           Good spot for lunch if you come before Noon, after 12:10 PM, there'll be a wait!  

                delicious Cambodian food. similar to Thai food but more ginger. Amok is quite good. Open only for workday lunch!!!  

                I went with a group and we shared everything family style. Everything was delicious! It was my first time eating Cambodian food and I'm looking forward to going back. We shared the amok, chicken soup, coconut curry and noodles. It was packed at lunch time since it's the only time they're open. The service was great!  Our waiter was really helpful and funny and it seems like the kind of place where the workers are content.  

                My review is base on a take out order.  Ordered amok since all the fellow yelpers suggested it, it was pretty good and flavorful but not my cup of tea. I also ordered the stir fried noodles with beef. It's really good! Similar to a pad Thai.   Next time I'll be sure to try their curry; someone in the restaurant ordered it and it looked/smelled so good! The owner was very nice also!  

                This was my second time here. I'm expecting a good home type of meal and thats what I got. The waiter as always is super energetic and funny.   Food is served pretty quick and is very tasty. I love to come here more but it's not open all the time so makes it difficult. This and the parking situation is the main reason for not being a perfect 5.  I don't have to say what to try but try everything. There aren't too many good Cambodian restaurants around and this is the one to go to if you have the chance. Come with a small group so you can order more items to try out :D  

                The food here is outstanding. It's home cooking Cambodian style. My review is strictly for the food and service as the location and decor leave much to be desired. Hole in the wall is an appropriate description but the food more than satisfies.  The menu is concise with options ranging from salad to curries to specialty dishes such as the Amok (which shouldn't be missed). Amok is a steamed, almost mousse textured, fish entree that has hints of coconut and is wrapped pleasantly in a moist banana leaf. My eyes rolled back in my head when I tasted my first bite.  Other standouts include the chicken curry and shrimp salad which was refreshing and a perfectly light compliment to the other heavily flavored dishes.   A special mention goes out to Brian and Maggie who greet you when you first walk in (often with a pleasant joke and a smile) and go out of their way to make you feel at home. After our meal we didn't want to leave because it was so much fun talking with them both. The second time I visited they called me out by name and are genuinely nice people.   One side note - Chez Sovan is only open for lunch. Apparently they are that are doing well enough that they don't need to be open for dinner. I can see and taste why. Definitely will be a regular go to lunch spot for me when I'm in the area.  

                good food minus the flies... but I guess that's what makes it authentic.....  

                Love this place and the food is awesome! Ginger fish is my favorite! What makes it awesome is Brian and the others there, the service and personal touch makes you feel welcomed every single time! Brian is a hoot, love the guy!  

