                I recently stopped by for dinner with my friends who happen to be regulars. I came in with high hopes and expectations and they did not let me down! We had a variety of appetizers and entrees but the one that stood out to me the most was the pizza we ordered! The consistency of the dough was remarkable! I've never had pizza like this before!   Not only is the food outstanding but so is their costumer service! This may just be my new favorite spot!  

                This dinner at Ciccio was one of our favorites during a recent trip to Napa Valley.  We had never heard of the place and were initially slightly disgruntled when our local friend dumped our coveted Bottega reservation in favor of a walk-in here.  we sat out on the front porch for about forty minutes or so waiting for a table an hour after they opened, and seeing the food coming out of the kitchen and watching happy diners leaving we soon were becoming expectant of a fine meal to come.  We were allowed to open one of the two bottles of wine that we had brought to enjoy outside, which was a nice way to pass the time.  Once inside we were seated up near the open kitchen at a comfortable round four-top.  The menu is printed on a sheet of paper is isn't separated by course in any way, it is simply a single litany of gastric delights for you to choose from.  We ordered about nine dishes to split for the table...generally the lighter and smaller dishes are at the top of the menu with heavier, more entree-style dishes being found farther down the list.  A couple of the standouts were the cauliflower and pine nuts, the fresh pasta with guanciale (smoked pork jowls), the dungeoness crab, the pizza with onions and mushrooms, and the pasta with mushroom cream sauce. Everything that came to the table was wonderful though.  The staff did a very good job of bringing the food out as we were finishing other items, as the table wasn't going to hold everything that we had ordered, so they "coursed" it for us during expediting with the kitchen...well-done!  After dinner we enjoyed the coffee service...simple, yet the coffee was of high quality.  All in all, we left not the slightest bit upset about our missed meal at Bottega...in fact, I have every intention of returning to Ciccio again on future visits to Napa.  Of course, I will likely try to find space for Bottega next time, as well.  

                Great meal here. We were really lucky to get a last minute table here during a busy holiday weekend for a group. The dive bar next door is very cheap and lively place to kill time and wait for a table. Their menu changes frequently so unfortunately they didn't have the brussels sprouts pizza available, and they ran out one of the pastas that we wanted. It was a delicious meal regardless - the homemade pastas are perfectly al dente, and the cacio e pepe is simple but delicious. The pizza was very good, despite the slightly burned crusts. We ordered the whole branzino and asked for a big one, and they really delivered. Beautifully crisp skin, but tender inside, a steal for ~$20.   We were really pleased with the meal and the prices were extremely reasonable. Our waiter was very nice, gave us samples of wines to help us pick the bottle and made good recommendations. Their wine list was great and offered a range of prices which was nice. The only dish that disappointed was the tiramisu, not bad but it lacked any rum flavor. The fruit crostata made up for it though.  

                Why is this restaurant so far from where I live, seriously?! My party ordered their special of the evening which was the filet mignon with a mushroom sauce... PHENOMENAL. Also ordered the Caccio de Pepe (you have to ask for it, it's not on the menu) and it was honestly the best pasta I've ever had. The pasta was cooked perfectly and had ample amounts of fresh pepper which surprisingly amazing. Though there are a variety of restaurants to choose from in Napa, this might just be the go-to place fore every time.  

                I was really excited to visit this place for lunch at the start of my March 2014 tasting trip, but we arrived only to discover that it's not open for lunch!  Yelp posts operating hours on the site for a reason - that'll teach me not to check :-(  Undeterred and even hungrier than the last time, I went back for dinner one night during the Saint Helena/Calistoga focused portion of my August 2014 tasting trip.  This time, I paid extra attention to the Yelp listing, and arrived exactly as the place opened to minimize the wait time - as we could see for ourselves when we arrived, Ciccio is VERY popular!  Having left the hotel in a hurry that morning, I forgot to bring a bottle of wine from my traveling stash - doesn't everyone bring wine to Wine Country? ;-)  Fortunately, I ran across a pretty good and decently priced bottle of Six Eight Nine 2012 from Acme Fine Wines' "Under the Radar Tasting" earlier that day.  Ciccio's corkage fee turned out to be $25 per bottle.  First up, we ordered the Grilled Romaine Salad Pancetta. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ciccio-yountville?select=H1UjMsyiF4fZOhg59J6ITg#DU6nRR7Muv7oV90FrWOrPA">yelp.com/biz_photos/cicc…</a> It was nicely executed, crisp, and the grilling char added to the flavor.  Next, the only thing that could do the job that evening would be some PIZZA!!  We ordered two pies to share: the Margherita <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ciccio-yountville?select=H1UjMsyiF4fZOhg59J6ITg#H1UjMsyiF4fZOhg59J6ITg">yelp.com/biz_photos/cicc…</a> and the Sausage & Sweet Italian Onion. http://xxxxxx This being Neapolitan style pizza, the pies arrived fairly quickly - a good thing, as by this point I was about ready to eat a horse with the saddle still attached...  The pizzas looked and smelled wonderful, and we dug in prepared for an exceptional experience!  Unfortunately, the dough is a bit too bland; while it does have exceptional "independent suspension" (meaning it stands up to a good cross-section of toppings without drooping or becoming soggy), it lacks a distinct taste.  If it had one, these pies would be five stars.  The toppings were excellent, the pies had very good heat, and the sauce was outstanding!  It really stood out on the Margarita.  Despite the blandness of the dough, both pies were good; my favorite of the two was the Sausage & Sweet Italian Onion; the homemade sausage was wonderfully seasoned and flavorful, and the tastes of all the toppings blended beautifully to yield an exceptional flavor profile.  I found the ambiance at Ciccio quite enjoyable.  It includes a number of foreign-language posters for classic movies like "Rio Bravo" - I'm sure "The Duke" was a Margherita man!  Service is attentive and the vibe is bustling and friendly.  No reservations are accepted, so either show up early on weekends, or be prepared for a long wait.  While I can't in good conscious give this place five stars because of the blandness of the dough, I have no trouble saying it's a solid four-star experience.    I'll certainly be back!  

                Worth finding.  This place isn't obvious from the outside and right next to a dive bar the locals frequent.  There is a limited menu, but everything is tasty.  We decided to share a few dishes.  The pizzas were big enough that between sharing pizza and pasta, we had leftovers and we are both big eaters.  I loved the Potato and speck (like bacon but saltier and from pig thigh instead of pig butt) pizza.  Deliciously salty.  I wish it had more arugula on top, but I like heavy greens.  Speck is like a cross between prosciutto and bacon.  Anything on the menu that you are unsure of is probably a variation on bacon.  Don't be afraid to ask or google under the table.  It was busy, but staff was friendly.    We also shared the Penne with peas and guanciale ( like bacon but from pig cheek instead of pig butt) in a cream sauce sorta like carbonara.  It was also delicious and the peas tasted so fresh.  There were also large bits of garlic we were fighting over.  Reasonable prices. Will definitely be back.  The icing was that the Soft drinks served in cheery polka dot glasses with paper straws.  So cute it made me happy.  Was wined out from tasting so didn't try their negroni bar.  Not big on Campari, but gran Classico is delicious.  

                We were on vacation in California from The East coast. This restaurant was highly recommended so we had dinner there last night. We were seated at a uncomfortable tight communal table. Extremely loud atmosphere, to the point you could not hear the server or have a discussion with anyone. The service was not good: ordered salad before our pizza -everything came out at the same time, no one checked to see if we may have needed anything after the food was delivered, I had to "wave my hand "to get our servers attention to get a refill on my ice tea, my husband had one mixed drink and our server didn't ask if he wanted another drink or if he wanted anything else.  The food was ok nothing exceptional We would not recommend this restaurant.  

                Ive been meaning to go here for a long time now. Having met the owners (the Altamura family) years ago at their winery, i knew i had to check it out. On a Sunday night this place is packed to the gills. So kuch so that theyre still seating people past their stated close time. Lots of locals as people seemed to know each other. We got seated in the middle of the room by the bar. Nice marble tables, open kitchen, pressed tin roof. Great space. Got the romano beans al forno with pancetta, arancino, orrechiette with chicken livers and sage, lus the mortadella pistachio pesto pizza. Everything was delicious.  I think the service suffers when theyre totally full but gets better as it gets later and people clear up. The straciatella and hazelnut gelato are a good way to finish on a warm night. Definitely will come back for the other items...  

                The most delightful dining experience of a week in Napa was dinner at Ciccio. From warm hospitality at the door through every step of stellar service, from the creative menu through every plate of delicious food and wine added in with everything reasonably priced, our high expectations were well met.  WHAT'S IN A NAME? Owner Frank Altamura and his family have Italian heritage. Dialects differ throughout Italy but my Sicilian uncle-in-law used to say cicc' (cheech) as short for ciccio to mean 'buddy'.  If that is the same meaning for the restaurant, I don't know.  I do know we were treated like buddies from the moment we entered the door.  VIBE The owners have long time roots as Napa Valley winemakers.  My understanding is they opened Ciccio to give locals an unpretentious neighborhood place serving great food and wine at reasonable prices.  On the night we visited it seemed as many visitors as locals in the full house.  Guests included families with members from toddlers to octogenarians and couples and groups of all ages in "all people are welcome" vibe.  The outside looks like the grocery store it was as far back as 1916 with "Market" emblazoned in big white letters at the top of the red building. Pride of ownership shows in every detail.  Tin ceilings and vintage looking fixtures, wood floors, Italian themed art on walls and warm colors. Several of us walking in (all lined up together at opening) literally went "ooohhh..." as we walked in.  Seating is at booths along one wall as well at standard height tables and chairs (too) tightly spaced throughout the middle of the room as well as high stools at the small bar on the other side. The open kitchen is at the back.    SERVICE In spite of a steady stream of people starting at 5p until every table was full by 5:30, the greeting was warm and welcoming. So was service from Tasha who did an excellent job of answering our questions, managing the timing of each dish in the order we requested and also managing our expectations when one course was long delayed because the kitchen was slammed. This is the kind of service excellence that makes great food taste even better.  MENU & FOOD Handwritten menu changes often, maybe weekly, to take advantage of local and seasonal ingredients.  Simple Italian food themed, it includes maybe eight dishes plus four pizzas.  Prices run from about $3 to $24.   Our table was by the open kitchen and it was fun to watch Chef Polly Lappetito (formerly on faculty at the CIA at Greystone) and her crew go in the choreography of producing wonderful food for a packed house out of a modest sized kitchen.  We enjoyed...  ...arancini ($3). These risotto fritters are a favorite of ours and we try them whenever they are on a menu. Ciccio serves theirs as a large single (maybe tennis ball sized) rather than the multiple of smaller ones as in some restaurants. It was excellent.  ...bucatini carbonara ($12) arrived at our table piping hot, with the pasta the perfect al dente and the unctuous egg coating done just right, with guanciale  and peas. Delectable.  ...wood fired margherite pizza ($16) had burrata was simply excellent including the slight char on crust edges as we hoped to find from a wood fired oven.   ,,,house baked Italian cookies and affogato at $6 each.  LIBATIONS Full bar. The owner seems to have a favorite in Negroni and you'll see several variations offered on the specialty cocktail list.   The wine list is modest sized and thoughtfully devised.  Perhaps the most delightful surprise of is that bottles are roughly only retail priced here when most restaurants double or triple retail prices!  My husband enjoyed a flight of excellent Altamura wines, four pours of two ounces each for only $20.  I tried an Italian sparkling wine, Ca del Bosco, ($10 glass) from the owner's cousin's winery.   Corkage is $25 for domestic wines and $30 for all others. But really, at these fair prices for bottles on their menu, it would be a shame to bring your own.  THIS N THAT  1) HOURS: Dinner only.  Five days a week.  Locals say (and complain) days and hours change. During our visit it was Wed - Sun @ 5:00.  Check ahead of visit.   2) RESERVATIONS: Parties of 8 or more only.   3) CROWDS: On a weekend, even in off season, be prepared to line up at the door at opening to get a table or to wait an hour if you arrive after 5:30.  4) PARKING: Parking in this north end of Yountville is always a bear. There is a small lot (maybe six spaces) associated with Ciccio but they had it chained off until just about 5p so if you arrive early to get in line you'll need to look elsewhere.  5) ACCESSIBILITY: Biz info doesn't say wheelchair accessible but looks like it should be. Level in and throughout.  Standard height table seating.  The rub is the tables are so close together that it may be difficult to pass through to get to some tables..    6) NEIGHBORS: Redd Wood and North Block Hotel across street.  

                This place was recommended to us by our concierge, and it's apparently the hot new place in town. We went early on a Sunday evening and got lucky - I think we got the last 2-top in the place and the wait was just starting. I had a deliciously peppery cacio e pepe pasta, and my other half had a yummy pizza and a negroni cocktail, which was interesting but a little overly sweet for his taste. Would recommend, but try to get there early unless you're prepared to wait.  

                Cute and cozy vibe. Blink and you could miss this place when trying to find it. I like that they don't take reservations.  We sat at the bar which has room for about 8 folks. Good drinks, friendly bartenders couldn't ask for more.  Mussels to start. These were in a delicious sauce and super tasty! We ordered two pizzas, although one would have been just fine for two people. Both the margherita and pepperoni and cheese pizzas were awesome! Only suggestion a little less bake time because the crust was burnt and I usually love the crust!  Reasonable prices, friendly service, tasty food and relaxed atmosphere. We will be back and look forward to bringing some friends here!  

                I really really wanted to like this place and three stars is already generous, but they failed to deliver though not on the food side, but on service!  I'll start with the food, because it was delicious. We ordered the clam pizza and pesto pasta. I've had clam pizza before and this was nice, not too spicy. The pesto pasta was yummy and the pasta was cooked al dente - perfect.  So the food is amazing and the other pizzas and menu options sounds great, but as mentioned the service was not amazing.  Our server was nice and took our order. But that was it. She barely came to check in on us while everyone around was getting serviced from everyone in the establishment! Granted they may be locals but not once did someone check in on us. We were eyeing our server who noticed we had been neglected so she finally came to us. No apology nothing and all the while she's being more attentive to her other tables.  Anyway, service doesn't usually break a place but you're in Napa to enjoy wines and good food along with great service.   Would I come back? Possibly but I just wouldn't expect much from service.  

                Authentic is their claim. The food was good (except the BURNT PIZZA) but the entrees are the size of appetizers! Why do they burn their the pizzas? My husband is from Florence and a chef-that's not authentic! He always eats my crusts but not here. Another Italian was there and they were talking and agreed that if they were in Italy,and were served such a burnt pizza, they would throw it to the chef. I wanted to send it back but the unburned part was so good, we were hungry and he wouldn't let me anyway.   We were so excited about this place, being told that there are no entrees over $20- true but only because the entrees are the size of appetizers-hence the price. One grappa after the meal was served in the same kind of glass as his water glass and they literally could not have made the pour more skimpy.  Will not return, not that they would care-they are packed and you must wait to get in. We were literally about 18 inches away from neighboring tables on either side.  If they had not burned the pizza, had the portions been appropriate size for entree and price and the grappa pour at least standard, I would have given them 4 stars-great service but way overpriced for the small portions you get. And the burnt pizza.  

                AMAZING!! Such a great find. This little treasure, has delicious food, great friendly service and something for everyone to drink. The menu changes all the time so hard to pick a favourite...I have tried many of the starters, pastas, entrees and pizzas and haven't found anything that I don't like yet. The menu isn't extensive but there is something for everyone. Oh and I forgot to mention reasonably priced. I'm so lucky to be a local and have this great place at my doorstep!!  

                Fabulous restaurant! I went with some friends on a Sunday evening. Ordered many dishes that we all shared. Every one of them was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The environment was very casual. The staff was very friendly, attentive, and looked like they were happy to work there! I can't say enough wonderful things about this place. Sure, the prices are a bit high but for good reason. I will definitely be coming back and I recommend to everyone. I wish they took reservations!  

                Well, very happy to say Ciccio is still our favorite place in the valley!  ALL veggies dishes are amazing, full of flavor. Whole roasted fish and the pork Milanese delicious! Great Negroni cocktails and the yummy Altamura Negroamaro wine! Bust spot, get there early. The staff is the best, Kate is an amazing leader and her entire staff is well trained and just plain Happy:)  

                One of the best rustic meals that I've had in a very long time. I dare say the experience was superior to Redd Wood across the street. It's a far more limited menu, but it's flawlessly prepared and seasoned. I look forward to returning and trying anything the kitchen chooses to prepare.  Brief comments in [brackets] below:  bruschetta lardo porchetta [Lardo speaks for itself, does it not? Think thin translucent slices sweating and nearly melting on warm rustic bread.]  wood fired sardines salsa verde [A larger, bonier, fishier sardine than canned/marinated anchovies, but itself a pleasure for its novelty.]  orecchiette rapini sausage [Few things please and sate as completely as perfectly prepared pasta. This is simple as it gets and also as close to perfect as food can get.]  margherita pizza [Salty thick cornicione - almost too salty - with great olive oil, a salty sauce, excellent cheese. While it's not my favorite in the bay area, this is still a terrific Margherita.]  

                Ciccio is a friendly, casual Italian with affordable prices. The food is good, the service is great, the menu is basic but all in all it is s good dinner place if you are in the mood for a simple a casual Italian menu. On a Sunday night there is a little bit of a wait (no reservations accepted) but no more than 10-15 minutes.  

                My gosh. Everything here was amazing!! Really. The food, the service, the ambiance... I wish I can come back already.  My girl friends and I came here for dinner for a bachelorette! We ordered a little bit of everything and shared several dishes and a bottle of wine. My only complaint? Not enough food.... I'm so greedy.  I honestly loved everything, especially the pizza and the tiramisu cake. A server was super accommodating and even gave us candles to sing a "happy bachelorette" song for the bride-to-be! Of course, they rotate the menu, but everything was great.  It gets packed here and  they don't take reservations, so come early. You can also call ahead and ask what the wait time is for your party. Luckily, when we called, they said if we came within the next 20 minutes, they'll have a table for us. Perfect!  

                Women owed and FABULOUS! I had the claims linguine and pizza. This is a buzzeling place full of good food and laughter. I have never been in the bar next store, but I have herd for years its open late and its a hoot. You might drive right by Ciccio so remember its by a little dive bar. Menu is always seasonal, local fair.  

                First visit. Very busy place. Got our party in quick. Our server was charming. Polena and mushrooms, Pasta, Fish, Porkchop all recommended. I hear the cannoli is good. Maybe next visit. And there will be a next time.  

                Great spot. Only been once, but look forward to going back. Awesome staff, very helpful when ordering, and everything was awesome. Wine list is perfect. Portions were big, order to share.  

                Amazing food! Everything my boyfriend and I ordered was delicious. We started with the panzanella salad, which was a recommendation for our waiter. I had the pork chop special, which was perfectly cooked and seasoned. My boyfriend had the sausage pizza. It was delicious!  The crust was amazing.  For dessert we had the tiramisu and an cannoli. Tiramisu is definitely the way to go! Will definitely be back.  

                This place is a gem! Amazing amazing amazing. Great service, wonderful good, great ambience!  We had the Wood Burning Brick Oven pizza and it was to die for! You have to select from specific pizza offerings, but the chef's selections are awesome!  I'm so happy I found this place (by accident) and I can't wait to go back!  

                If u didn't look closely, this place can be easy missed. The restaurant looks normal outside but it serves very good Italian food that is slightly different from what I have tried before. I have the Parmesan chicken which was delicious and the Tuscany breaded pork which was just as good! The appetizers like asparagus and garlic shallot was something different too! Homely feel and casual setting.   Good find and a gem! Don't miss it.  

                The italian food at this place is nothing short of orgasmic.    But I am going to give them 4 Stars because our waiter quite honestly was a dud.  We are vegetarian and when we asked him about our options, he copped an attitude and said "well you can get the margarita pizza" and when we asked about pasta he just shrugged.  We placed an order for the margarita and the mushroom pizza and waited.  Thankfully the hostess came to check on us and we asked her about ordering some bucatini and she was more than happy to add that to our order.  Everything was sooo soo good!  For dessert we got the Tiramisu - mediocre but The Orange Cake...so delicious that I wanted to order about 5 more to go - do try this even if you don't usually do fruity desserts.  

                Best Italian in Yountville! We sat at the bar and the bartender David was awesome!  We were celebrating my birthday in Napa and just happened to stop in here and couldn't be more happy!  Had the arancini, pork, and mozzarella ( we shared ) so good!!!  

                I came here with three friends, one of which who is the chef of a nearby restaurant in Napa.  He tends to get excited about food... REALLY excited.  So excited that when we sat down and glanced at the handwritten menu filled with delicious goods, he decided to order one of every appetizer and entree.  And a sausage and smoked mozzarella pizza for good measure... Oy.  (Insert pending food coma and that gurgling stomach noise here.)  While we were waiting patiently for our massive, massive feast to arrive, I chugged away on a negroni cocktail with a cute little striped paper straw.  It was mixed perfectly, slightly bitter and a little sweet.  I then switched to their house white wine which was delicious and right on par with its neighboring wineries down the road.  After a short wait, our waitress started bringing out the various dishes we ordered (and she timed it perfectly so that we finished what was in front of us before she loaded us down with more).  The standouts - the arancini, garlic calamari, panzanella salad, spaghetti & clams, and hanger steak.  And then came the pizza which was still piping hot from the ruby-red glass mosaic oven.  (It's the standout feature of the whole restaurant!)  It was so fresh and the crust's rich smoky flavors from the oven were perfect with the sausage and mozzarella.  If only all pizza could be this good, and at such a great price, too!  Their menu changes constantly, so you might not see these exact items when you go... But if you go enough, I'm sure they'll be back on there eventually!  If I lived close by, they'd have to beat me off with a stick to keep me out of this place! :) I can't wait to come back on my next trip to Yountville!  

                What was great. The food very nice. Beautifully balanced not a single complaint regarding that.  What I didn't like. 1. entrees not coming out together. my grew cold while I waited for my guests food to come out. 2. 5 inch blond hair in my salad that matched the person behind the counter making the food.  3. server getting ready to open the bottle of wine we brought then in the middle she lays it down and goes and says hello to someone at the bar that she knows without a word to us. 4. charging us double corkage on our bill. 5. The owner being very non nonchalant and blowing us off.  Well this brings us to the question would we go back. Nah there are plenty of places in Napa that treat the locals better.   So wise owner of Ciccio, you cannot survive on visitors to the area and you will find this out. The money that carries you though the slow season come from locals.  Ciao' Ciccio  

                The place is popular. No reservations taken and the line starts outside 30 minutes before the doors open. The atmosphere is lively and loud with a good vibe. The food was disappointing. We had the cauliflower appetizer which was bland inspite of the raisins and pine nuts. The fried calamari was a shock... the prevalent opinion at the table was that the squid had been frozen and the marinara sauce tasted as if it was from a can. The Branzino was overcooked, dry and rather tasteless. Pizzas were very tasty but burned. The service was slowish but good. Frankly I don't understand the hype around this place. Maybe we were there on an off night.  

                Love this place.  We'd heard a lot about it and went this week with two couples who live in town and who speak highly of this place.  First come first served so be prepared to wait. Locals love it because it's real.  The food is amazing.  Artichokes with olive oil were delicious. Sausage pizza with the smoky flavor of the oven and perfect crust - amazing.  The fried calamari were delicious - perfectly cooked, tender, a slight lemony flavor on a rice flour light deep fried texture. - oh man. Delicious.  Across the table we enjoyed various dishes - the papardelli with mushrooms and creme sauce, gemelli and pancetta and peas, pork chop on arugula, crab cioppino, and steak diane - we ran the gamut and everyone had an amazing meal. down home, comfortable, the owner is there and present, the staff knows and recognizes those who are routinely there - perfect perfect and a great way to have a low key experience when a different type of food-scene beckons.  Would go again in a heartbeat.  

                Great place. Had their grilled romaine salad with pancetta--delicious! I'm usually not a fan of grilled any-kind-of-greens, but this one was rich, flavorful, and juuuuust right. I thoroughly enjoyed their stinging nettle and pancetta pizza as a main course (clearly, I love pancetta), which was topped with an egg--freakin' delicious! Crispy crust, but great chew underneath and the flavor was fabulous!   Service was wonderful, atmosphere was cozy, and I also loved the overall unpretentious feel of the restaurant. I highly recommend this place!! It may be hard to spot if you're unfamiliar with the area, though. It's right across the street from Girard, in the building labelled "Market" on the outside. Definitely stop here should you find yourself in Yountville (especially after all that wine tasting)!  

                Really good pizza, especially the sausage one (looks like the menu may change frequently). Friendly folks run the place and while the ambiance is somewhat pizza parlor-y their product is high-end. The staff was a little overwhelmed on Fri night (4th of July weekend), especially the hostess, but she eventually got us in and my h-anger soon subsided.  

                I don't understand the positive reviews of this place. Overall, we've had mainly negative experiences. We finally ate here after 3 previous attempts because the wait is always ridiculously long.  They always suggest that you line up outside around 4:30 before the place opens at 5, but it's generally not possible to wait 30 min to 1 hour with a young child.  So, we took the wait on a date night.  We went across the street to Reddwood (one of our local favorites--we should have stayed there) where we had some delicious apps & Italian wine, and great service.  After an hour, we finally got the call that our table was ready at Ciccio.   The service at Ciccio is bare minimum.  First, it took our server forever to get to the table.  When he finally got there, he wasn't apologetic at all about our wait time. In fact, he seemed proud of the fact that locals have to wait so long. The house white was not at all good--basically just overly-alcoholic & overly-oaked.  In fact, none of the 3 white wines by-the-glass (all wines evidently owned by Ciccio's owner--an oaky sauvignon blanc, an oaky chardonnay, and an oaky sauvignon blanc/chard blend) are not good pairings for the Italian-inspired food they're serving. There's only 1 good white choice for most of their food, a Vermentino (not from the owner) & that's only available by the bottle.  Anyhow, we ordered the bottle.  It was a good wine.  But I'm surprised by the white wines by the glass program.  (After all this is a restaurant not a tasting room.)  We ordered 3 appetizers, including a salad & artichokes with bagna cauda sauce.  This sauce with the artichokes was olive oil based.  Commonly, you'd dip something into this type of sauce, but our artichokes were swimming in it.  One of or appetizers didn't arrive until midway through the meal.  We had to point that out twice.  Once it did arrive, there was no apology from the woman who delivered it.  The server did comp the appetizer, which was $4 or $5, but that hardly made up for the aggravation after waiting so long--1st to get in, and then this.  I chose a fish entree, with arugula.  There was so much oil on my plate that the arugula was wilted.  I pointed this out to the server, and said he could just bring a side of arugula, but he insisted on exchanging it.  The kitchen did exactly the same thing.  They poured a great deal of oil on the plate, and threw a bunch of leaves over it, then placed the fish on top.  Once I started cutting the fish, the copious oil just saturated the entire meal.   Every mouthful was basically mostly olive oil.  The amount of oil ruined a lovely piece of fish and fresh salad. The server failed to re-fill our wine glasses.   My husband liked his pizza (hence 2 stars & not 1) but I wonder if one good pizza is worth the other food, service & wine list, and moreover the egregiously long wait?  Maybe so, if you LOVE pizza, and don't deviate from their pizza, salad & red wine (at least by the glass).  I'm not a huge pizza lover, so it makes no sense for me.  The tab for the meal was marginally less than other places, but is a $30 or $40 bill difference a reasonable exchange for this level of irritation?  There are so many fabulous restaurant choices in Napa--including a superior place (Reddwood) just across the street, which has better food overall, plus infinitely better service & by-the-glass wine choices.  And reservations.  

                My favorite place in the bay area!! I can't write enough good things about it...  Definitely recommend: - Anything with their tomato sauce (sooo fresh and flavorful, but light) - Pastas - Grilled peppers  But really everything we've ordered there has been amazing. Also the staff are incredibly friendly. Our first time there they gave us complimentary glasses of wine and a small basket of tomatoes from their garden to take home!  The wait can be long, but we like to put our names down and then go to the bar at R+D kitchen to wait :) They'll call you when your table's ready!  

                In a town full of top fine dining - it's refreshing to have a spot just-around-the-corner where a you can enjoy a fantastic meal, at an affordable price, in relaxed atmosphere. The handwritten menus set the tone...   You may be surprised by how outstanding the food is, when you see the unadorned plates arrive to the table. This is a chef confident enough in her flavors that she rocks simple plating, letting the flavors being lead instead trendy presentation...   My husband and I been going here every week or two, since day one. I think we have tried almost everything on their ever-changing menu.... Most nights the surrounding tables are asking about every dish, course by course, because we will order half the menu almost every time (5-6 courses).  Start with Frank's Negroni. Now... to the menu... Order family style. May it be a just a simple pasta or tripe, you will enjoy every last bite! If it's in season, don't miss the calabrian chili crab! Also, you must try the artichokes and mushroom and sausage pizza. And, save room for dessert - cannoli, fresh sorbets, and the almond olive-oil cake. Our night usually ends with a plate of cookies and a sip of Amaro Nonino... The prefect kiss of sweetness to end the night.  

                Very good food. Second trip and both times enjoyed the ever-changing menu. Pork Milanese is awesome. The chef and management have really delivered on all aspects of this restaurant. I will definitely go back. As a local it is nice to find great spots.  

                We had a terrible experience at Ciccio, and I was especially disappointed after reading many positive yelp reviews. First off, our server was rude. My husband recently found out that he has a food allergy, which is completely out of his control. Our server made a snide remark and was incredibly unaccommodating by telling us that they don't alter their menu items. We ended up ordering a pizza and it was awful. The crust was overcooked and the sauce was disgusting. We could not wait to get out of there! Had we only had an issue with the food OR the service, I would chalk it up to an "off" night but after our experience, I'd never bother going back. There are far better options to choose from!  

                Some of the best Italian food I have ever eaten. This is not a fancy restaurant. Instead it is small, family owned and the service and food makes you feel like you are eating in someone's home. We ordered a variety of items to share and not one of them disappointed. The menu changes daily to reflect what is in season and available but from the tomato panzanella starter, arancini (fried risotto balls), grilled romaine, pasta all'a norma (eggplant pasta), cacio e pepe, and meatballs and clam pizza-it was all delicious. This is Italian food at its most honest.  We had dined the night before at Bottega and while that was very good too, it was a bit pretentious which I imagine is a reflection of the celebrity chef factor. Ciccio's is the complete opposite.  Corkage was a reasonable $25 and while we lucked out with our party of four being seated right away, we had been warned that given the small number of tables and the no reservation policy, the wait could be as much as an hour. There are a few other restaurant within walking distance to grab a cocktail and the Ciccio hostess encourages you to wait there and will call you when your table is ready.  Our server Hector was gracious and never once rushed us given that there were others waiting to be seated.  

                Pork Milanese was one of those most tender I've had. Pizza was good. Wasn't too hot on the rest. I'd give it another shot but I'm not rushing back.  

