                Great place.  Ate something off the menu, kinda. The Mediterranean salad with lamb Schwarma is very very good. Get it with the falafel and Arabic coffee.  Don't get anything off the hot menu, but amazing food. Good service too. I was unsure because of the price, so I hesitated in coming , but I'm glad I did.  

                JIZZ IN YOUR PANTS GOOD. No kidding.   Order the Mansaf!   I had a special moment with one of the lamb dishes that I haven't encountered before at this restaurant. It seems like everyone in the South bay and their mom have been here at least once, since its known as one of the finest restaurants to visit in the Sunnyvale area.   RESERVATION SITUATION Decided to have dinner here after 8:30 pm (they close at 9:30) on a Thursday, without reservations, with my mom. When we arrived, the place was swarming with patrons. In spite of the seemingly packed venue, my mom and I were seated at a table in approx. 15 minutes. We were fortunate at that moment, but I highly recommend that you make reservations at least a day or two in advance, as this restaurant has become increasingly popular over the years.   FEELING ADVENTUROUS  In the past, I had always resorted to ordering their savory kabob dishes, but when I visited for dinner during this particular evening, I was feeling some of that 'Yelper boldness', so I decided to ask our server for his entrée recommendation. With no hesitation, he eagerly advised me to order the Mansaf and I went for it. All entrees come with your choice of Freekeh, or basmati rice topped with sliced, toasted almonds.   ENTREES & DESSERT + MANSAF $18.95: Mmm, my palate felt pampered by the silky melody of exceptionally delicate lamb, slow-cooked in aged yogurt, with almond-topped basmati rice. Friggen brilliant. Rice was perfectly cooked and the yogurt was super flavorful. My only gripe was that the small chunks of lamb were extremely tender, rapidly melting in my mouth, so the meat's flavor quickly got lost in the rich, abundant yogurt sauce. I only wish that the lamb flavor was a little more outstanding, or perhaps I wish the chunks of lamb were larger. Don't fret---there really IS lamb in the dish. The small chunks of lamb are HIDDEN inside the dome of basmati rice! 0.o More lamb flavor though, please Dish Dash. :/   + MASHWI $24.95: SHIEET, I didn't have the chance to mooch off my mom's dish, because she immediately scarfed it down, so she was obviously impressed by her order (Marinated, grilled sea bass, prawns, and seasonal vegetables).   We ended the night with the 'Cho-kolata' lava cake with ice cream $8.00, which we don't particularly recommend. I'm a total dessert fiend, but the elementary ingredients were anything but unique. I could've purchased a cheap tub of ice cream and pre-packaged lava cake from Safeway and my rendition of this Cho-kolata dessert would be just as mediocre.   DRINK RECOMMENDATIONS Their drink menu, especially their wine list, is pretty extensive. Per our server's recommendation, I ordered the Zanzabeel (ginger, apple juice, mint, ginger beer, Michter's Sour Mash Whiskey). All cocktails are $10.00. If you enjoy ginger and mint, then you'll appreciate this drink. My mom ordered the Terre Rouge Syrah $11.00. We thoroughly savored our drinks. They also serve draft and bottled beer and single malt scotch.   VENUE I really, really dig the bustling locale. A 'Cocktail Happy Hour,' chill kind of crowd. It's kinda loud inside, so you may have to shout at your dinner companion. I'm considering adding this restaurant to my 'Make the Panties Drop' list. Although the venue isn't exactly romantic, you could still possibly make her panties drop with the acclaimed 'authenticity' of the dishes here and the wonderful ambiance. Saw some dude at the table next to us caressing a woman's arm and it looked like she was pretty amused. Get it in, bro.   SERVICE Friendly service is satisfactory (15% solid tip), but not worth the 18% tip that the restaurant recommends/appreciates. Call me cheap or finicky, but I wasn't charmed.   VERDICT Overall, a solid four-star restaurant. I deducted one star merely because the flavors of the dishes here don't surpass the flavors I've encountered with dishes that cost less at other restaurants I've been to. Nevertheless, delicious food. In my opinion, you're essentially paying more $$ here for their 'fresher' ingredients, delightful ambiance, and neater presentation.   + Vegetarian options + Catering is available + Street parking and Macy's parking lot  

                This place is insanely busy at lunch time, but when you taste the food you will know why. The veggie wrap is awesomely delicious. And everything else I have tried here is great. I have also used this place to cater a work event nearby and everyone loved the food. This has to be one of Sunnyvales best restraurants.   The only negative is that the food is a bit pricey.  But I think it is worth it.  

                Oh DishDash. You're my go to for beriani.  FOOD - I always get the beriani dajaj (chicken, potatoes, almond slivers, raisins, beans, and aged-yogurt with rice) and it never does me wrong. As for the Sabanech (lamb shank, spinach, beans)... I enjoyed the lamb but was not a fan of the spinach and bean mixture. A bit too drenched.  AMBIANCE - It's a nice atmosphere with dimmed lighting. Crowded often, even on random Wednesday nights. However, I don't enjoy how close the tables in the middle are together. You can hear the conversations of the people next to you if you're quiet.  OTHER - I love that they text you when your table is ready so you can walk around without a big buzzer, there is complimentary warm pita bread and the great service.  

                Located in a corner of old Sunnyvale downtown, you will find an extremely popular restaurant offering up amazing Mediterranean fare. I was super stoked to finally get a chance to try it out!   On a whim, our group of 6 decided to come here for lunch even though we knew that, due to the popularity, it was for sure going to be super busy and crowded. We arrived 10 mins after they opened, and sure enough, a massive line had already formed out the door. Tip: reservations are a definite must for DishDash!   I ordered the Mo, King of Kebabs. I opted for the version with Chicken and Beef, $17.95 (they also have a lamb & beef option). The beef was tender, juicy, and well-seasoned. The chicken, however, was especially delicious and grilled to perfection. Aside from the kebabs, the Basmati rice and grilled vegetables themselves were just as appetizing and flavorful. Overall, the portion wasn't as big as I originally thought, but definitely more than enough for lunch.   Even amongst the hustle and bustle of the large lunch crowd, not once did they forget to check on us on top of keeping our drinks constantly filled. Really dug the ambiance, too.  I'm counting the days till I can make it out to DishDash again to try out some more delicious Mediterranean cuisine.  

                I'm a big fan of Dish Dash. I've been to their main restaurant in Sunnyvale several times, and the newer bistro in Milpitas is just as good. Came here for lunch with colleagues twice in the same week, made reservations for both times only a business day in advance and was able to get seated immediately upon arrival both times. Very impressive lunch service.  The first few times I visited Dish Dash we had the appetizer sampler, which is amazing and offers several different tastes. However the last two times I ordered the Kibbeh ($7.95). Loved it, and it is and now my favorite appetizer at Dish Dash.   For main courses I have stuck to either the Mansaf ($16.95) or Beriani Dajaj ($15.95) because these aged yoghurt dishes are not something I've found at any other Mediterranean restaurant I've visited in the states thus far, and they are absolutely delicious.  Dish Dash is a class act. Be sure to make reservations.  

                Let's talk about the best beriani I've ever had. OK, I rarely eat beriani and I'm still confused about whether "beriani" is just an alternative name for what we all know as biryani. It doesn't matter because I'm not a regular consumer of either. Anyway, DishDash's Beriani Dajaj is simply phenomenal. Actually, all of their dishes are well executed with generous portions and fragrant flavors.  While the rest of Murphy Street is quiet and ho-hum, you will find bustling crowds waiting outside of DishDash. Make a reservation if you can. If you're not able to, try to swing by during non-primetime hours.  My boyfriend and I made reservations for 6:30 on a Saturday night but we actually showed up an hour beforehand. Since we didn't hit the dinner rush yet, the hostess was able to accommodate our early arrival. (You can say that we were just REALLY excited to try DishDash...or just terrible with time management.)  The venue is deceptively big and unexpectedly romantic/intimate. We were led to our table in a room near the back. A server plopped down a basket of pita bread and some type of dipping sauce. DON'T make the same silly mistake as I did and fill up on the pita bread--as tempting as it is (and they offer free refills).   I'm a huge fan of Chimay and was pleasantly surprised to find that DishDash carries this beer. First thing we ordered! Priorities.   After taking some sips, we opted for the following:    *Falafels - crispy blend of organic garbanzo beans with tahini sauce. One of my friends recommended DishDash solely based on their amazing falafels, and they ARE amazing. A crunchy exterior with a moist and grainy center, it can proudly stand as a one-man show on its own, or a harmonious duo with the tahini sauce as well.   *Kufta Kebab with Freekah - minced beef and lamb with blended herbs and seasonal vegetables (Brussels sprouts, carrots, tomatoes, onions). Essentially beef and lamb sausages...but to the next level of deliciousness! The dish comes with a zesty green sauce, perfect for dipping the kebabs. The entrees are paired with either Basmati Rice or Freekah; the latter piqued our interest. It's similar to couscous and a lovely base for the kebab.  *Beriani Dajaj - thinly sliced chicken breast, potatoes, raisins, and garbanzo beans, served with Basmati rice (or Freekah). The ingredients sit in a massive plate of aged yogurt. Oh man. This yogurt. It is rich, creamy, and so addicting. The raisins add a splendidly sweet twist. You must order this! Fantastic. Like I said, it's the best beriani I've ever had.  The service is prompt, attentive, and friendly. The meals might be a bit spendy but definitely worth it for the quality of food. DishDash is my new South Bay favorite!  

                I'm apparently late to the DishDash party.  Most of my South Bay friends on yelp had been to DishDash and what a great thing that is! ;-)  I don't even need to do extensive research. (that's a lie, I studied the menu the night before!)  The place feels a bit claustrophobic with the weird set-up: an awkward hostess stand right in front of the entrance, a smallish/narrow dining section right behind the wall and then to the right, it opens to a larger dining room which also houses the bar area.  Definitely make a reservation because even on a Tuesday night, this place was packed.   I had the Bamieh which is slow-cooked lamb with grilled okra, tomatoes, onions and garlic. I love the combination of these flavors as they constitute a more hearty, comforting base for the fall-off-the-bone lamb!  I accompanied this with pickled veggies just to cut through the acidity of the dish.  My friends' entrees also tasted good: the Mashwi with the large prawns and the Mo, king of Kebab with tender beef cubes.   Downtown Sunnyvale may only be 2 blocks long, but this restaurant scores big in my book. I'm excited for a return visit.  

                DishDash is a pretty decent take on Middle Eastern cuisine in the South Bay. Came here on a Tuesday night and the place was packed - good sign!  I'm very spoiled when it comes to Mediterranean food - growing up in Berlin, Germany there are sooooo many authentic choices that my standards are high.  DishDash does a good job in meeting those. "Mo, King of Kebab" ($23) is a Kufta Kebab with vegetables and either chicken or beef. My choice was beef and it was very tender and tasty. Good job. Although the plate was big the portion size wasn't. Filling though.  The Bamieh ($23) is slow-cooked lamb with rice and vegetables - think of leg of lamb. Super soft and easy to peel off the leg. Tasty.  Mashwi ($25) came on a big plate with king prawns and grilled seabass. I counted only 5 prawns but they were crisp and great for the taste buds.  Overall nice place, a little cramped maybe with too many tables but the food is definitely good. Recommended.  

                Wow!  Such a great place and hidden gem. We had a rare date night for 2 hours so I found this restaurant by yelping and I am glad I did!  Service alone is impeccable and I really wish I caught our server's name. Food was behind excellent in my humble opinion. I asked our server for any recommendations and he listed off a few. To my luck one of them was something I was eyeing, the Sultan Ibrahim. I went with that it was so delicious!  Everything on that dish was extremely flavorful and melted in my mouth. Huge portion too. Fish was succulent and had the right amount of flakiness.  My husband ordered a kebab combo and the meat was really tender and cooked most eight. And the complimentary pita bread...we filled up on those and I tried to be good about it but we got through two bowls.  Try to keep yourself accountable and pace yourself because the bread is like crack.  Service was excellent.  Our server refilled our bread and beverages without having to be asked. Everything came out in a timely manner and we were checked in on at the right moments. And they were not too few and not too many. Only thing was since the restaurant itself is loud it was sometimes hard to hear our server, in addition to him being really tall in height. Another plus is if you are going to take leftovers home they box it up all for you. Will definitely be coming back here again.  

                Love love love!! My sister said their meat was some of the best she's had so of course we had to make a trip all the way down to Sunnyvale just to try it!   As we were seated our waiter gave us a complimentary dish of flat bread and a dipping sauce. My boyfriend and I both ordered the combo platter (the mo) that came with rice, grilled veggies, a chicken kabob, steak kabob, and a kufta kabob (minced lamb and beef)--GET IT!  The best part was the beef! So tender and just melts in your mouth. And I'm not a big fan of chicken but theirs was so moist and flavorful I finished that one first. The kufta was pretty good too given that I usually don't like lamb.   Over all the food, atmosphere, and service was top notch. Food was a little pricey but so worth it! One of the best meals we've had in a long time!  

                I'm very confident in saying DishDash is the best Middle Eastern / Mediterranean restaurant in the South Bay - and top 10 restaurant overall in South Bay.   DishDash has a warm and inviting atmosphere, the staff is always polite and courteous, and the food is exceptional. My go-to appetizer is the sampler - everything on the plate is delicious! My go-to dish is the Mansaf which is chunks of lamb, cooked in aged yogurt, served with rice and topped with roasted almonds. This entree is packed with so many amazing flavors and the lamb is very tender.   This place is always packed and busy - especially on the weekends. I would highly recommend making a reservation!  

                This is not one of my best reviews since I had no idea what I ate. But whatever I ate was really good. All the people I ate with were vegetarian and since they're more particular and I couldn't pick something without meat in it to save my life, I let them to the picking. All I know is that all the sauces were good and all the flavors were really good, and despite it being all vegetarian, I really enjoyed it. Too bad I was hungry like an hour later, but it was still a good meal.  BTW, this place is really big, but gets packed really fast!  

                Nom Nom Nom!  My favorites: - Chicken Shawarma Appetizer  - Zahra, either vegetarian or with Cubed Chicken (it comes with Lamb but I'm not a big Lamb person) - M'shakaleh. I wish I could pronounce this dish... it's gorgeous layers of veggies on rice with a tomato cream sauce  Call for a reservation!  

                great mediterranean food, classy location and decor, and the drinks list is extensive.  even for as big of a place DD is, i couldn't believe the wait was about an hour for our party, which was fine, we just gave the hostess our # to text us when our tables was called, went over to the bar area, and ordered a few drinks to start the night.  the hummus and babaghanouge were great starters, i enjoyed the tenderness of the shish kebab, and the wines and cocktails we paired the food with definitely hit the spot. try the Misdemeanor - i'm all about that bourbon and jalapeno kick!  great food, great service, trendy locale. awesome place to enjoy a nice night out with a group of friends.  -civilities.  

                I was looking for a place to eat with some coworkers and the bosses after visiting our work site in Sunnyvale. A friend who lives in Sunnyvale recommended Dish N Dash, so made a reservation.    When we arrived, we were seated streetside outdoors and immediately got served pita bread and this delicious olive oil dipping sauce.  We then ordered 2 orders of the 2-order Mediterranean Maza (sampler).  We got to try 6 different delicious variations of hummus, baba ghanoush, tabouleh, rihan, minazaleh, and tatziki, etc. with a bottomless basket of pita bread.  Yum!  There was 8 of us and we probably could have ordered several more orders of this sampler, but had to leave room for the main entrees....  I ordered the Shish Taouk, which was chicken kebab over a bed of delicious rice and a multi-colored beet salad.  The chicken was tender and it came with this cilantro dipping sauce that took the dish to the next level.  The food quality was great and the portion size was generous - I was able to take home half my order! I don't usually go out of my way to visit downtown Sunnyvale, but this place is definitely worth a future trip!  

                DishDash seriously can do no wrong.   Ok, they messed up one order and got us chicken kebab instead of tikka kebab because I guess it sounds similar.  But I'm even willing to overlook it that because their food is that good.   Their kebab plates are all amazing no matter what meat you get. Even the mistake chicken was moist and tasty. But if you go for the beef or lamb, those are the most tender grilled meats I may have had in my life. Their seasonal veggies are always charred perfectly, with this mysterious sweet flavor. My last visit, they had a preparation of butternut squash which really blew me away.   For a more decadent dish, the mansaf is always a good bet. The lamb is slow cooked to max tenderness and the yogurt sauce soaking into the rice is simply amazing. They mask the tartness of the yogurt with their amazing seasonings so it's just a great cream sauce. I'm now craving mansaf as I write this!  Beyond their typical meats, their fish is also prepared perfectly and... well, everything is good. I always prefer going for lunch as the price differential is pretty substantial for dinner. But you do get a more expanded menu with more meat options for dinner, with some bone in choices that look most enticing. For dinner, reservations are a must!  Just go here, order anything (preferably meat). You won't be disappointed!  

                Crowded on a Thursday night.  This place was rockin' even at 9pm.  Despite one booth and multiple other regular tables being empty, the hostess sat us at the long, shared high table behind the bar.  I was a little peeved about this because there was no place for my purse and we had to share the table with other people.  Most annoying especially since there were empty tables.  Ordered the Gambari appetizer for $10.95.  Two shrimp.  Yup, just two.  So it was like $5.47 per shrimp.  Not a good value at all but it sure tasted great.  My companion ordered Mansaf $19 (slow cooked lamb in yogurt sauce) and I ordered Reyash $34 (grilled lamb chops).  Oh my, my, my.  Both were amazingly delicious.  So good that this was undeniably the best meal I've had all month and that includes a meal I just had at a Michelin star restaurant.  The food here was better.  That's the reason for the 4 stars because as you can tell, I wasn't pleased with my seat, the hostess, or the horrible value of my appetizer.    The dessert I ordered was M'halabich which is a nutty pudding.  It was okay.  Not great.  Certainly not worth $7.  The arabic coffee for $3 on the other hand was well worth it.  So yes, the place is popular with some hits and misses.  But overall, still worthwhile.  Just don't order the Gambari or the M'halabich.  I'll have to try other items on my next visit and update this review.  

                DishDash is known for the Middle Eastern cuisine in downtown Sunnyvale. Parking wasn't too bad. We came as a party of 7 on a Saturday night. Thank goodness we had reservations because it was very crowded! So glad I came here with a big party as I was able to try a little bit of everyone's dishes! :)  MAZA SAMPLER FOR 6 - Includes hummus, babaghanouge, khyar b'laban, tabouli, rihan, falafel and m'nzaleh. Sampler was delicious! It came with six different spreads with complimentary pita bread. Pita bread was hot and filled you up quick. My favorites were the khyar b'laban and tabouli spreads. Delicious and refreshing. I also really liked the falafels a lot, which is comparable to Falafel's Drive In.   MANSAF WITH FREEKEH - Tender chunks of lamb slow-cooked in aged yogurt. HUGE portion. I personally love lamb and this lamb was very tender and delicious. Sauce was very rich and creamy. I think the yogurt was a bit too heavy for me, unfortunately. Never had freekeh before and it had a pretty interesting texture.  REYASH - Rib-cut, charbroiled, domestic rack-of-lamb, sauteed spinach, lemon infused olive oil. This dish was amazingly delicious!!! Portions were huge! The lamb was cooked to a perfect medium-rare. It was very tender and juicy. Marinated with lots of flavor. Very mouthwatering.  Overall, I had a really delicious and filling dinner! If I'm ever craving lamb, I'd be back for some more of that reyash. :)  

                The quality of the food is great, the atmosphere is nearly perfect, the service can be a bit slow at times but it doesn't keep it from getting top marks. Highly recommend reservations as it gets rather full every night  

                Dining area was full when I arrived at 7:30pm on a Wednesday evening.  They told me wait time for 1 was 45 minutes!!!!  Place must be good.  Thankfully bar seating was available.  After ordering, the bartender served some pita bread w/ a dipping sauce.  Sauce was gritty.  It was similar texturally to Chinese Shacha sauce.  Bartender told me it was sumac; sesame; olive oil and oregano.  It was really good.  Initially I ordered a chicken dish but the bartender had a look on his face.  He looked my way and whispered, "Maybe you might like the sea bass".   Never dining here before, sure why not.  It was delicious!!!!!!  Sea bass came w/ shrimp and rice accompanied by grilled squash and brussle sprouts.  I don't exactly know how it was cooked or what was added.  But it was delicious.  I finished the plate in no time.   Dark lit rooms would be a great place to go after work or for a date.  Great food makes me want to come back again.  

                Finally got to try this place and so happy I did. I got the M'shakaleh which was a vegetarian dish with mushroom, eggplant, cauliflower over a bed of basmati rice in a tomato cream like sauce. This dish was heaven. Lots of great flavors which all went super well together. I'd definitely recommend this dish! Also got the chicken shawarma wrap which was good too. If I was just in the mood for the shawarma wraps, I'd probably just go to dish n dash which is the fast food version of dish dash but also super good. Will definitely return!  

                Can I give you more than 5 starts?   This is the place I keep going back when I have guests from different towns and people always love this place!    The best to start with..  Sampler: 6 different kind of small appetizers. It's always good with cocktails!   I personally dislike sweet drinks so I ordered cucumber mojito. Basil, honey, cucumber, mint, rum and club soda. It was pretty refreshing and good with our sampler.   If you like lamb, mansaf or Tabsi! It was introduced by one of my roommates when I came here for the second time. I am always addicted to mansaf since then..   Aged yogurt with lamb.. Lamb is really tender and the flavor of aged yogurt goes so well with rice.   I'm always looking forward to coming back to this place.  

                This place is consistently great. It's always packed, so be ready to wait a bit.   The menu is huge and varies from wraps and salads to plated dishes with kebab or veggies, all served with almond rice or a quinoa-like grain.   We had the herbed yogurt dip, which came with a few pickles and olives, as well as hot pita bread. I always order the falafel wrap and it's consistently great; hot and fresh falafel that isn't too heavy. The bread on the wraps is not pita, but a thinner lavash style bread that doesn't make your wrap feel like a total carb-bomb.   Can't go wrong here for a quick and casual meal that will fill you up and keep you happy with fresh and interesting flavors.  

                Perfection! It's been a while since I've walked out of a restaurant and been this content! It's a popular, lively spot and the ambiance is elegant while still being approachable (nice jeans-type dress). It's perfect for a date or a family/friend gathering. The service was great--our waiter was very helpful in explaining dishes and was so attentive without being invasive. And then the food ... simply amazing! Definitely a great place for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike. We started with the maza sampler platter (everything was vegetarian and delish), then got a m'shakaleh for me and mansaf for the BF. I LOVED mine! The vegetables were all cooked so that they were flavorful and tender, and the sauce took it to another level. BF was equally pleased with his (the lamb was super tender and again the sauce was delicious). Best of all, the price point was just right. We already have decided that we need to come back so we can try dessert since we had no room left after the entrees. Definitely worth the trip!  

                I love this place. My favorite place for shawarmas. The portions were large and for a good price. Ideally located on Mathilda Avenue so it's convenient and easy to get to.   This place is nothing fancy, but the food is really good and portions generous. The line can be long and parking tricky. Park next door at the Larkspur hotel and sit on the patio (ask them to light a heater). The swarma lamb is my favorite with hummus and feta on the side.  

                We came here on a Tuesday night and it was a packed house.   If you come here after 830, tables will start clearing out.   Anyway, the food here is fantastic.   I say this place is pretty comparable to Dametra Cafe located in carmel, CA.     Food: We ordered the MO, King of kebabs.   This came with rice, chicken kebab, and the choice of either lamb or beef.   I went with lamb and they recommended having it cooked medium rare.   I have to say it's pretty damn delicious.   The meat is very nice and tender.   My friends ordered the sambusak dajaj which looks like a heavily crusted ravioli with chicken inside.   This is pretty delicious but I still prefer the kebab dish.   The kebab is like $23 and the dajaj is like $16.  Parking This is in downtown so I ended up parking on the street.   There are parking lots but found a parking spot in front of the restaurant.     Caveat/Cons: Like most popular places, it gets busy.   We came at 8 and was told that there would be a 45 min wait.   So we ended up going to this lounge across the street for a quick drink before they called us.   In actuality, we only waited 20 mins since the high chairs seating area became available.  

                Love this place. I came here on a first date with an ex boyfriend about 7 years ago. My favorite dish is the Mansaf. The lamb is never too overwhelming. I usually take half of my food home and find myself waking up at 2 am to finish it. I have come here with multiple friends and they all have fallen in love with the place. It sucks that you have to wait but it's truly worth it!!!!  

                Wow, I've shied away from giving out 5 star reviews unless the establishment is truly deserving. Hands down, Dish Dash is worthy.   My parents are visiting from the east coast and I thought we could try out some good middle eastern cuisine. The wait for a table of three on Friday night was 45 minutes, but nothing out of the ordinary, especially for a top notch restaurant. Once we were seated, the waiter was prompt about getting drink and appetizer orders. Wine selection is great and we had the tabouli and yalanji. Both extremely fresh and delicious.   I ordered the sabanech braised shank while my parents had the zahra braised shank and tabsi. We all tried each others and I was thoroughly impressed with all three dish. The meat from the lamb shank fell right off the bone, no cutting needed. I tried the freekeh (wheat grain) and the basmati rice looked good too. We all shared a side of seasonal veggies consisting of butternut squash and Brussels sprouts. Cooked to perfection and was brought out before the food, basically a third appetizer. The pita bread was also delicious and very fresh.   I could go on and on about the quality of the food and the great variety, but that's also based on personal preference. What completely sold me on Dish Dash was the service and environment. The waiter was extremely friendly and willing to take time from his busy shift to give us background about the type of cuisine and the various middle eastern influences for the food.    I will most definitely be going back and I look forward to trying their lunch cafe Dish n Dash. If in the area I highly recommend this establishment. Some may see the price as a drawback, but the quality of food is worth it and for a special occasion it's a great place.  

                I came here twice in one day: lunch and dinner  I ordered the same item : chicken kabab (my favorite)  I was in a rush to get back to work so lunch was rushed for me. Server made sure I got my food quickly without sacrificing quality. She and the cook did a great job! Thank you. Very tasty! I love the caramelized brussels sprouts.  Dinner was more relaxed.  I did notice difference in chicken. Perhaps because it was not rushed: was a lot more juicy.    Overall, I am very satisfied. I will definitely be back for more !  

                This place is probably the best for middle eastern cuisine in the bay. The service was pretty good. We had gone for lunch and the service was very fast. This was contrary to the reviews on yelp which had said that the service was slow.  The dishes are correctly priced. Would definitely go back.  Book a table else be prepared to wait !  

                The best Mediterranean spot I've been to in the Bay. Their meats (lamb, chicken) are cooked absolutely perfectly and they have an impressive selection of items that I haven't seen before. The flavor runs a bit too mild for some, but I appreciate the subtlety.   Highlights:  Sambusak - A bit like a Mediterranean calzone. I'm a fan.  M'Shakaleh - Incredibly unique vegetarian dish (layers of mushroom, cauliflower, etc.) Shish Taouk - aka chicken kabobs aka amazing  Looking forward to coming back and trying everything else on the menu!  

                There is a reason this is the Sunnyvale Yelp favorite. I came here with a friend on Thursday night, and--having flown in from the East Coast--arrived jetlagged and starving.   SETTING: They have both indoor and outdoor seating, with the outdoor seating filling up first on a nice day. The inside seating is bright in the front room, dark in the back room, and is tastefully casual--nice enough for a date or business lunch, casual enough for jeans.  SERVICE: Everything was perfectly timed. From the hummus and olive oil that was brought to us upon our arrival to the checks, the service was attentive, but not rushed.   FOOD: We got the hummus appetizer, which came beautifully arranged. I ordered the falafel, which didn't come dry like I was expecting. Instead, the lightly fried falafel balls were covered in a delicious sauce, that I ended up dipping our leftover pita in to get every last bite. I literally ate so much that night, and definitely would want to return and try more of their dishes.  

                I LOVE THE FOOD HERE. It's so yummaaaay.  I always get the Kufta Kebab (lamb and beef) with grilled veggies and rice. The meat is super juicy and flavorful and the rice with the almonds are tasty! The bf and I have also tried their seafood dishes, which are also good. Everything is always cooked to perfection, and although they get super busy, the service is always good.  

                My friends like mansaf, but I seem prefer lamb without yoghurt and dry rice. Waiters are very friendly and we tried warm baklava crumble as dessert, a little too sweet for me though  

                Been going to DishDash for years since they were only a very small restaurant, with long line at lunch time, until now that is almost 5-6 times the original size and still there is a line at lunch time!!!  If you enjoy Mediterranean cuisine, they have a great selection, and reasonably priced. DishDash is one of my favorites in the old Sunnyvale downtown on Murphy street. As far as the food is concerned any entree I have tried has been absolutely great. I love their hummus appetizer and the Shwarma Salads, and 80% of time that is what I get!!!  The staff is friendly and service is fast, that is why they service so many clientele during lunch as you can be in and out in a timely fashion.  

                Ordered medium rare shish kabob with rice here.  Got a plate with lamb, rice, grilled vegetables, and sauce.  Vegetables were overcooked, oversalted and overoiled. At least now I can claim that I have tried an unhealthy cooked brussles sproutes.  Rice was overolied. Too oily, too unhealthy.  Kabob was cold. Cold lamb is not one expects to get from a kitchen. It was marinated and cooked good. But icy cold.  In short: cold overcooked oily unhealthy food. It is *really* strange to get unhealthy food at Mediterranean restaurant. Mediterranean food is supposed to be healthy. Not the case here at DishDash.  Bottom line. Avoid.  

                The meat in the Mansaf is extremely tender and if you are a fan of whole milk yogurt, the sauce will be perfectly rich and creamy. Mmm, FULL FAT CREAMY DELICIOUSNESS.   The salad with pomegranate vinaigrette is full of crunchy romaine and sprinkled with lots of citrusy ground sumac. I know olives don't come cheap, but I would love more than one green olive and one Kalamata olive. The pickles were a great addition and quite delish! My dining partner saved her pickle for last, and when she turned her head, they took away her plate without asking if she was finished, granted it was empty except for her remaining pickle wedge! Whoops!  The Vegetarian Delight entree features a sampling of several delightful dips plus a hearty stack of pita. You really get your bang for the buck and it's so good!  

                Very happy with the food and service (courtesy of Lulu). Great ambiance, very spacious. Ordered the Shakshuka (prawns) - big serving and very saucy which I really loved!    Will definitely come back and try the other dishes!!!  

                FINALLY visited Dish Dash last weekend & they did not disappoint! Got there on a Friday night around 6:30 and the place was packed. We put our name in & were told we'd get a text when our table was ready in about 20-30 min. so we decided to head to a bar across the street & have a drink. 30 min. later the text came & we headed over.   The place was still packed but the line was no longer out the door just to put your name in. I'd recommend reservations but if you don't mind waiting & bar hopping while you wait, no big deal.   I don't know what it's called but a dish of oil with some other stuff mixed in came to the table along with some pita slices. The pitas were good, the oil mix was just okay & I could do w/o it.  I ended up ordering: Sambusak Dajaj - diced chicken, mushrooms, almonds, onions in filo dough, spinach sauce, salata. It was FANTASTIC! You get 3 big filo triangles & I could only eat 1/2 of my meal after the pitas and drink so I took the rest home for lunch the next day.  I definitely would like to go back & try their falafel, shwarma & kebabs!  

