                Listo for Pistos... To North Beach on a mission.  Mexi-can party.  

                Second thoughts.  First impression: Pork chop that lives up to the hype. Incredible shrimp tacos. Good if not as noteworthy pollo asado with tortillas but surprisingly no beans.  Energetic food for an energetic atmosphere. $8 glasses of sangria no doubt field the loud, yet surprisingly intimate, scene.  $90/two.  Second impression: Mediocre French toast with a side of bacon but no fruit. Both needed for $12. Fortunately brunch was saved by the excellent pork tamale and eggs.  It was just so loud. Almost required yelling. Also required $20. Not sure it was worth it.  Four stars for dinner. Two for breakfast.  Which makes three.  

                Ok is the highest review I can give this place. Restaurant that claims being Mexican and has a burger on the menu already starts at 4 stars - Mexican Inspired.   They were out of their pork chops, nothing on the menu looked great. Ceviche was more like Pico de gallo with a few chunks of fish - the few we found were yummy. The calamary was good and different - grilled not fried. Margaritas were "interesting", and michelada ok.   Would have enjoyed Chipotle better....zinger!  

                So it's my first evening on a business trip to San Francisco last month and I need to eat some bad ass food. What do I do in this situation? I go straight to my trusted Yelp app and look at what is near by.  After looking through several pages I came across Don Pisto's. Yelper's seemed to love it here so I knew I had to check it out.  The restaurant does not have signage. There is a menu in the window. There are two ways to find it. The first way is pay attention to the numbers of the buildings lol. The second way is to look for a large crowd and music playing. I found it using the latter method cause I'm cool like that on rare occasions lol.  It was a total zoo which is usually a great sign. After a few minutes I was able to make it to the host stand. I was quoted a wait time of an hour but told that it would probably be sooner. I put my name down on the list and went to get a drink at another bar with my father.  We returned about an hour later and were told that it was going to be a slightly longer wait. To make a long story short chaos ensued at the host stand. The owner Pete had to come over as the host couldn't handle the crowd lmfao. Pete offered free drinks to everyone that was waiting. Thanks Pete that was awesome of you!!!  We were seated after about two hours. Normally I'd go somewhere else but we were digging the scene and the food looked amazing. The restaurant is also on the small side.  Chips and green salsa were immediately brought to the table. Oh my god the salsa was one of the best that I've ever had. It was spicy which I loved. The chips were crisp and salted just right.  My father ordered the pork chop. I went with al pastor tacos and carne asada tacos as well.  The server checked back in to make sure we were good with drinks while waiting for the food.  When I saw the pork chop placed down on the table I had severe ordering remorse. This happens so rarely to me that I should've bought a powerball ticket in hindsight!!!! Thankfully I was offered a piece of the pork chop to try. Wow it was fucking amazing. My father went quite nuts over it.  I enjoyed the carne asada tacos. They were extremely generous with the meat portion which always sits well with me. The steak was juicy and well seasoned. The tortillas were soft and warm. The al pastor tacos were just OK. The pork was too dry in my opinion and was somewhat bland.  Now fast forward two days later. The President of my company wanted to take company executives, some colleagues and myself out to dinner. His wife was in the mood for Mexican and he heard me talking about Don Pisto's to everyone so he decided to make a reservation here.  We were seated at the lower level in the restaurant this time which I didn't know existed. We were at a long table with a bench on each side. It ended up becoming an intimate dinner and not in a good way. It was also quite hot down there as well. I was sweating as were others.   I ordered the pork chop this time!!! Sigh unfortunately this time when I get the whole damn thing just for me it was just OK. It was too dry for me personally.  Everyone loved their meal and I looked like a hero to the President, his wife and a few of my colleagues. Thank you Yelpers and Yelp this wouldn't have been possible without you!!!!   I deducted a star due to the pork chop on my second visit as well as for having dinner that was "Too close for comfort."  Next time I'm in San Francisco I'll definitely make it a point to stop by here.  

                Ugh. I was really disappointed when I came on a beautiful Sunday with some of my friends (9 people). The week of I made reservations for 9 people for 12pm. We got there at 12pm and were not seated until 12:35pm. Okay...fine I can handle that; a lot of people really like Don Pistos.   We were seated downstairs - not a problem. Don't get me wrong, I'm a loud person but it was very loud downstairs to the point that within our table, we had to scream to hear each other. The service was somewhat spotty - our drinks took 30 minutes and we had to refill our own water. Sigh. Oh! And for bottomless mimosas...they didn't have mimosas. Another big sigh,  The food was alright - nothing to write home about.  I'm really sad I didn't have a great time at Don Pistos because I've heard such rave reviews about their brunch. I've been here for dinner and the food is good but I'm not sure if I'll ever come back for brunch. :(  

                Bottomless sangria, margaritas, and mimosas? You can interchange them you say? Ummm...sure! haha  From the three, my favorites were the margs and the sangria. The waitress was really nice and kept filling up the cups! The food was great for lunch. Went on a Saturday and the wait wasn't long at all but the place does fill up.  Had a pork tamale with poached eggs and we tried the chorizo scramble. The chips and salsa were delicious! The pork tamale was done right, but may have used more pork. Th texture of the masa was good and the eggs were poached perfectly.  Good service, fun atmosphere, and awesome drinks. Go here for brunch!  

                Great experience - I really liked that it was up the street a bit and had a non-descript entrance so I didn't quite feel like such a tourist.  Loved the decor - dark, pretty simple, brick walls. Very loud and lively, but not in a drunken buffoon kinda way, just seemed there was alot going on.  The service was great, hostess was friendly. No complaints on price, seemed reasonable.  As for the food, sangaria was good, and pretty strong (+). Chips and  guac, tacos carnitas all excellent. The spicy tuna tacos were amazing  Only downside was I wish they had a dessert menu!  If you are looking for a place to eat and you are reading this, just go there...it's fun..unless you need someplace quiet.  

                I usually come to Don Pisto's for 2 things - guacamole and pork chop. The guac is creamy with the perfect amount of lime. The pork chop never disappoints! Thick, tender and juicy. (Big enough to share between 2 people.) The waiter who served us was awesome! Check out my photos!  

                So why does this place have such great reviews?  Heck if I know.  This isn't Mexican food.  It's far from it...so don't expect if anything authentic.  We ordered a few taco plates, fish and carne asada.  Terrible.  Super dry and flavorless.  Bad picks.  The house specialties were ridiculous.  What Mexican entree does not come with rice and beans?  Ugh.  I get that upscale steakhouses make you order extra sides...but this isn't a steakhouse.    I ordered the pollo asado which was served with guac, salsa, and tortillas. The chicken was tender...but it was just missing everything that made it a real Mexican dish.    We also ordered the ribeye.  Cooked well and flavorful...no sides.  I asked for some flour tortillas when we ordered as my parents don't like corn.  They gave us one.  One stinkin flour tortilla.  Seriously?  So I asked for more.  By the time my dad was almost done with the steak, the tortillas came.  Really terrible.   Never again and I feel like I wasted a night at this place.  2 stars.  

                Great guacamole. Great tacos. Great specials...like lobster. You should get the lobster whenever it's available.  Trust.  Then there's the great drinks, which includes their own sangria.    Yes, it gets crowded & loud.  Without a reservation you will have to wait for perhaps a very long time.  Make a reservation!  Or, if it's a last minute decision, keep your sense of humor & be patient.    Over the years I've gone for dinner & I've gone for brunch. I've gone with a reservation & without a reservation. I've gone for date night & I've gone w a group.   And you know what?  Every time I've gone to DP's, I've had great food & a great time.    Every aspect, from the first sip of your drink & the first dip of your chip in their salsa or guac, is a win.    My last visit was totally impromptu.  The hostess was just a sweetheart.  She took my name & number, said it would be about an hour & a half, & she would call me when our table was ready.  We went to get drinks down the street.  Eventually my man & I decided to eat elsewhere, but she was just a rockstar about it.  Apologetic, positive, & professional, she told me she was sorry we wouldn't be making it, & that she hopes to see me again really soon.  Simple & sweet.  It's the little things.    Pete, the owner, is also a sweetheart.  Uber personable & generous to maybe a fault.  He has since opened another, smaller joint down the street on Grant, (Pisto's), as well as the Chubby Noodle chain (one is a pop up inside Amante's about 2 blocks away, the other's on Lombard).  The guy clearly knows what he's doing.  5 stars.  

                There are some joints that nail the BFSBWP thing, Don Pisto's is not one of them.   The entire experience was underwhelming.    We started with a significant wait for our table. With a reservation already made and it being a weeknight, we hoped the wait would be worth it.  It wasn't.  Instead of chips and salsa, we got salsa and chip crumbs.  The tiny little bits made it hard for dipping.  FAIL.  The guacamole needed a bit more salt and a lot more lime.  Still nothing comes close to my wife's.  Another FAIL.  The margarita I ordered tasted something akin to honey wine + lime-aid.  Discovered they didn't have a liquor license and made these margaritas with soju.  Gross.  Third  FAIL.  The tacos I sampled (an al pastor and chicken) were OK, fairly amateurish but not a failure. Just so-so.  The enchilada (beans, wild mushrooms, enchilada sauce, cheese) my wife ordered was the best thing I had.  It made her a bit sick but I fared fine.    All in all, I'd say pass.  Not worth giving another chance, too many things were amiss.  

                I'm about to keep it real. Allow my Latin self to break it down.  Reminded me of a marina bar when we walked in....up to you whether you wanna celebrate that or barf out. Your call.  The lemonade was weak. Don't do it. My husband ordered a margarita. They don't have a liquor license, so it's made with some kinda wine. Again, don't do it. There's wine, so take yourself in that direction.  The green salsa and warm home style chips were uh-may-zing! I could've had just that, over and over:)  The guacamole was aight. Fresh, that's good, but missing more lime juice, salt, serrano, and jalapeño.  I ordered the one seemingly veggie thing they have on the menu, the enchilada. It was great, until I got home and felt a little sick to my stomach:/ I think the beans the enchilada is filled with must've refried in lard. I've made that mistake before. My bad, shoulda asked. My husband loved it.  Great service.  

                Be there before the place opens or you'll have to wait at least an hour. The staff does it's best to get everyone seated by having couples share the larger tables and they're one of the fastest table setters I've ever seen.  Service was alright, they brought out chips, salsa, and water right away. Know what you're ordering ahead of time is key to getting your food quickly though. They might not come back for a while after giving you the chips.   We came here specifically to order the Pork Chops recommended by so many of our friends and coworkers. We were pumped up and ready to chow down on that hunk of meat. Unfortunately it wasn't as great as the hype. 3/4 of it was charred and completely destroyed any flavor that was on the Pork Chop. We cut off and ate what we could, but pretty disappointed that the chef would still serve this to us.  Another con is the noise. The tables quite large, thus require you to scream across the table as you would at the NY stock exchange. They could turn down the music a bit and keep tables from having to overpower one another to have a conversation.  

                Delicious everything. Loved the bottomless margaritas & sangria. Didn't have to wait for our reservation. ALL the food was delicious - especially the carnitas tacos!  Highly recommended :)  

                Oh my! This place is SO SO good. I came here on a Friday night and within an hour of opening they were already packed. Luckily, my party and I were seated in the main area without having to wait. The guacamole was great, the pastor tacos with SO GOOD (order comes with two tacos) and the cheese enchiladas entree was . Definitely coming back when I'm in the area! Ambience is wonderful, loud but still enjoyable. They had 90's hip hop and r&b playing which was a plus in my book. I wanted to order more but I was stuffed with the few items we ordered.  

                Came here Sunday night with a crew of 5 name was put on the list half hour later we we're told our table was being setup false! They made us lollygag around the bar for another 20 minutes when we asked one of the staff member he blew us off with a bs excuse saying he couldn't control when would be seated. We ordered food which came out very scattered and some people at our table ate cold food waiting for other peoples food to come out!  To me the staff acted like a bunch of confused children in a math class not knowing how to properly tack care of their customers. Food was decent but I will not be coming back unless they get their act together.  

                Saw this restaurant on thrillist and decided to check it out. My boyfriend and I came here yesterday for a late brunch on a beautiful day. We got there around 1:20 and put our name on the list after being told there was an hour wait. We walked around the area for about 25 minutes before deciding to check back in. We were seated when we came back.   Environment: The restaurant itself is really cute. It's a small, trendy building with a small bar and even smaller kitchen. Regardless, the place was packed. We saw this as a good sign as we sat. Over the course of our visit it seemed like the music and the noise level in general increased rapidly. At one point we literally felt like we had to yell to talk to each other. It was just uncomfortable and irritating at some times.  Drinks: We each ordered the $6 micheladas which we have had at numerous places although have never had one that is served with bud light as the beer. The drinks took a good amount of time to make it to our table...Nevertheless, we drank that one drink and stuck to water afterwards.   Food: We started with the guacamole which was really good and thank god we decided to order a small appetizer to hold us over for the hour that we then had to wait for our 2 breakfast burritos to arrive. We asked our waitress several times how much longer they would take and she just kept apologizing for the wait and saying they were busy. I get that but it's a freaking burrito for crying out loud. So an hour later we got our burritos expecting it to be the best thing we've ever eaten at a brunch. It was good, but nothing special at all. We scarfed them down (because we were starving by this time) and immediately paid and left.  We spend over $40 on a mediocre meal, the worst (and slowest) service we have ever had at a restaurant, and some weak drinks. Overall an unsatisfactory visit to this hip spot. I can see how it can be fun for a young, inexperienced dining crowd but as an adult with plenty of satisfying and well-trained dining experiences, this place just doesn't cut it.  Needless to say we won't be back.  

                Took 30 minutes to sit down then another 20 to get a water down margarita (Im 36 never before had tasted something so gross) the food was par ... the other 1100 people that made a review must haven't had a lot of experience eating Mexican food  

                Came here a few weeks ago for the first time with two of my girlfriends in tow.   The place was packed. If you're a single chick reading this, I think it's important to mention that the place was packed with hot dudes. Straight hot dudes. Not sure what was going on (hot guys of America meeting?) but I was pretty into it. I'm sure there were hot girls there too, (hello? We were there) but I don't swing that way so I wasn't paying attention.   The layout of the place is cool. It's pretty spacious. There's an entire back room where more hot guys could be hiding.   We were seated quickly and the staff was awesome. We loved our server, Nick. Apart from being very accommodating- we had great chemistry.   I'm assuming Nick probably would have proposed, but I had to keep the flirting light because it was a "girls night." Nick, if you're reading this, keep an eye out for my missed connections post.   The food was to die for. I am normally not a fan of sharing because I have only child syndrome- but I couldn't help trying EVERYTHING on everyone's plate around me. It was all really good.   At one point I even saw a puppy. Like, during my meal. I just don't know if there could be a more perfect situation.   The only thing that could possibly be counted as a snafu was when Nick (our waiter) accidentally brought my friend the wrong (but similar to what she had ordered) dish. He let us keep the wrong dish (I ate it, obviously) and brought us the correct dish at no charge. So the snafu actually turned out to be awesome.   If after reading this entire review you don't feel the need to try Don Pisto's, I will just have to assume that you've been pretending your whole life and you can't really read at all. It's time to face facts, get a tutor, and go eat at Don Pisto's.  

                I came here for Valentine's day brunch with some friends and had the worst possible brunch experience.   First off, the music was way too loud and it was almost impossible to have a conversation with the other 5 people in my party.  We all ordered food, but I wasn't too hungry so I only got the beef tacos. I actually wanted the carnitas tacos but I have a dairy allergy and these guys marinate their carnitas in milk--who does that?! It's pork, it doesn't need to get softer!  Anyhow, everyone else ordered at least 2 dishes and 20 minutes later everyone had their food... Except for me. I waited another 10 minutes and asked the waitress about it and she told me they were still working on it and it'd take another 15 minutes. Ummm... I literally ordered 2 beef tacos, how long does it take to make tacos? At this point it was pretty clear that they forgot about my order and tried to cover their asses.   When I finally got my tacos, they were so spicy I could only eat one. Mind you, I have a really high tolerance for spicy food, but this was so spicy that it made me choke. I even had my friends try it and they were tearing up and desperately reaching for water. I've had more than a fair share of tacos and NEVER have I encountered something this spicy. If you're going to make something painfully spicy, at least put a note for it in the menu.  Needless to say my meal was ruined at this point.  There were also a couple of other issues, including a weird policy about not being able to split the check in 6 (max 5).  Overall this place sucked. Never coming here again--for brunch, lunch, dinner or anything else they might offer. Avoid at all costs.  

                What an awesome spot for brunch!  Good breakfast burrito ($9), awesome complimentary chips and salsa, a refreshing beer and a fun little shot = perfect Sunday meal.  Cool staff and a great vibe.  Be patient with the timing of your food and you'll be good to go.  

                I don't know what it is exactly about SF, but in comparison to other metropolitan areas its $$$ and above establishments have been absolute, thorough failures,  while its's hole in the wall-s and Gastropubs shine brilliantly.   Mescal selection galore + a kitchen truly worthy of adoration.  Add this place alongside Garaje if you're visiting SF for a weekend.  

                Someone was ballsy when they decided to open up the only Mexican restaurant in the sea of Italian restaurants that is North Beach! But we decided to try this place out for their $17 "Bottomless Brunch," which is a little misleading because its actually only Bottomless Mimosas or Sangrias...still a good deal and the drinks were awesome!  The food is completely different, but oh so good. I ordered the Taco Sonora with Carnitas, which was amazing! It was more like a burrito but the carnitas were cooked perfectly, the handmade tortilla was perfectly crunchy, and it all just melted in my mouth. I also ordered the hamburgesa, which is a burger "marinated in bacon and onions," which intrigued me. I am allergic to avocados, so I asked for the burger with no guac and the server says the cooks won't do that. I asked why and he said no substitutions...I understand no substitutions, but to be so pretentious that you can't take something off the burger is a little silly to me...they were nice enough to take it off but the whole exchange annoyed me a little bit.  Overall, we got there a little early (around 11:15am), which I'm glad we did, because after 12, there was a crazy long wait apparently. Would I be back? If I didn't have to wait...yes, but they certainly aren't worth more than a 10-15 minute wait...  

                My mouth is watering just thinking about the meal I had. I got the chicken tacos, rice and beans, and sangria. It comes with a side of unlimited and amazingly delicious chips and salsa. It is spicy though! The chicken was tender, moist, and flavorful and the corn tortillas were grilled and yummy. Rice and beans were a perfect compliment. And the sangria was amazing, not too sweet but fruity and mixed with red and white wine. Ambiance was dim lighting, good music, great service, and romantic setting. Also great for groups!  

                It seemed like every twentysomething in the city was at Don Pisto's on Sat night.  Our group of 14 (all of whom definitely past the twentysomething stage) was bribed with free shots of tequila so we could mosey on outside of the restaurant after we had finished our meal and our pitchers of margaritas.  There was quite a crowd outside waiting for tables. I  didn't realize just how popular this place is!  If you're gonna eat here and want to be able to talk to your friends next to you or across from you, either bring a bullhorn or have a fully charged phone so you can communicate with them via text. It is way too too loud inside (thanks to the music and din of the crowd) for any kind of meaningful conversation. I can see my friends' mouths move as they shout something at me, but understanding what they're saying is another matter!  My throat got really hoarse after a couple hours of shouting across the table.   The tacos were great. I tried the beef, shrimp and al pastor tacos and they were all tasty.  The shrimp dish was also good. I didn't get to try the meatballs dish, but my friend said it was just okay. I would definitely stick with tacos. The chips and green salsa are both really good. The salsa had a little heat to it. The guacamole could use more lime and cilantro though! I ate lots of chips at the beginning as we were waiting for the rest of our party that I got full real fast. Hard to resist those chips!   The margarita was good. One side of our table was enjoying it a little too much. Haha But that's cool! The birthday boy must enjoy his and his wife's night out without the kids!   Service was good.  Our server made sure everyone had a drink and everyone had food!  The free shots of tequila was a brilliant tactic to get us out of there after paying for our bill. We toasted, took a picture,  and went on our merry way to Amante for more toasting, pictures and merriment!  

                The good thing about this restaurant is they are able to host large parties which I guess can be a challenge in sf.  The food here is ok.  We had several different things and none were bad.  The service was also ok, not bad but pretty normal.  You could expect the same level of service at Applebee's.  However, I will continue to blast restaurants that over charge and sell the same food I can get from a food truck, the frozen food section of a grocery store, or a TGI Fridays.  I realize everything is expensive in San Francisco, but I have higher expectations with the premium prices they charge.  I'm not sure if they ever built this restaurant out.  They keep it very dark with loud ghetto music.  When you look around you realize you're pretty much eating in the equivalent of a gymnasium with the lights off.  It's not bad, I just don't see why you'd ever go here twice.  

                This place is everything you would ask for in the optimal brunch experience. Here's why:  1. BOTTOMLESS mimosas, sangria, and margaritas...and here's the kicker-- it's inter-changeable, meaning you can try one OR, which I personally recommend, try them all.  2. Super simple menu with things that you will definitely want to order. You can't go wrong with anything. I had bites of the breakfast burrito (OMG), the huevos rancheros, and the daily ceviche. All were delicious, flavorful, and fairly priced.  3. Free chips and salsa-- come on, everyone loves free chips and salsa. And the salsa is REALLY good and fresh, not out of a jar.  4. The service-- amazing staff who put off that hipster vibe, but are actually super friendly and hospitable. Our waitress bought us shots.  5. They also take reservations for parties of 6 or more. Or if you show up right at 11 when they open, you'll get a table no problem.  I will be taking all of my friends and even family here. It's a gem. What an awesome experience.  

                Hands down the best burger i've had in a really long time, everything else was just ok.  After putting this place off for over a year, i finally got to try it! their burger was actually listed on the 7x7 list and i usually don't trust that list because it's a hit or miss, but this time i was not disappointed!  We were lucky because they only have the burger on their menu a few times a week. When it came out, the bun was perfectly toasted, the patty was big and juicy and flavorful and the guacamole was delicious.  We also ordered chips and guac for appetizer (which was just ok) and tacos to share. the tacos were good, but the burger is what really took the cake.  

                the food was great! -but just know that if you are ordering the tacos, they can get pretty spicey, & they will definitely clear your sinuses if you know what I mean (;  also, I absolutely loved their chips & salsa - we couldn't get enough of it.   cons - don't plan on having a very fluid conversation . . . it gets so loud & you will literally have to yell to the person right next to you in order for them to understand what you just said.  

                This is one of the best restaurants I have ever eaten at.  Not just for Mexican fare, but, like, ever.  The setting isn't even really my bag (club-ish music playing and a disproportionate percentage of 30-something yuppies that are Chestnut Street dwellers).  Nevertheless, the establishment itself is cool inside with its exposed brick and intimate layout.  Most importantly though, the food is just knock your socks off bursting with flavor.    It begins with the salsa that is probably the best I've ever had at a restaurant.  The chips are also well above average.  As for appetizers, I have never been disappointed with the specials (last time was chorizo mussels).  All the tacos are great--in particular, the carnitas and al pastor.  But the creme de la crop is the pollo asado: phenomenally flavored and perfectly cooked chicken with a wonderful salsa (not terribly different in taste from the standard), excellent guacamole, and perfect tortillas.  Best of the best with this dish.    Honorable mentions: excellent margaritas and sangria, and friendly staff--including the owner--who graciously offered me and my date [big] free drinks for having to wait for a table to clear.  I've been here five times now and have no intention of not dramatically increasing this number.  

                OMMITY NOM NOM NOMITY! Can't believe some peeps are giving Don Pisto's bad reviews, but then again, I did go for brunch for my pals birthday, and my friends paid for me and all took turns giving me massages.   Jay Kay! I paid for myself and it was a whopping *$49* for effing BRUNCH, and there were sadly no massages, but what can you do?  Anyway, my roomies and I arrived and the rest of our party was seated and in high spirits, working on their Bottomless Mimosas, Margaritas, or Sangrias (all $16 and ALL INTERCHANGABLE!). Two items had started to come out and thank goodness because we were ravenous.   It's family style brunch, which worked out well as some girls were hungrier than others. We had the Huevos Rancheros (which were my favorite), and it was a different variation of the dish which I appreciated. Small, fried corn tortillas made crispy, covered with pinto beans, beautiful sunny side up eggs, and Pico de Gallo.   We also had the Fish and Al Pastor Tacos (so good!) and the Brioche French Toast that came with a side of crispy, salty bacon. Their chips are amazingly thick and salty, served with a spicy green salsa and fresh guacamole. I had the Sagria and it was refreshing and light, but got the job done.   I knocked off a star because service was not up to par; we were constantly flagging down someone to refill a drink, bring water, plates, etc. - I know that makes us sound high-maintenance, but if someone had been paying attention, we wouldn't have had to ask for much. It was also pretty pricey for what it was. Either way, I'll be back with my Russian pals to show them the gem I found!  

                We came here on Monday and it was pretty busy. The atmosphere is loud, they have music playing and the restaurant itself is noisy. The service here was great.  For how busy thy were, the wait staff brought us our food fairly quickly.   We had the Mexican sashimi and it was good. We ordered the carnitas and there were excellent. I had the fish tacos and I thought Rey were great.   I would definitely come back here.  

                Don Pistos I must say, coming from a Mexican family in Los Angeles, you have made me LOVE salsa once more! You know it's good when your nose is running!   The ambiance is so cool...club meets lounge meets restaurant. The music is Rap...way cool!. The overall vibe is very happening with making ANYONE feel good in here.   The food:  Iced Tea= Thumbs up!  Guacamole=Great seasoning and taste! Chicken Tacos=Great spice!! Awesome appetizer!  Al Pastor Tacos=Really good especially on flour tortillas! Enchiladas=2 THUMBS UP!  Service=You really made me feel at home and waited on us hand and foot! BRAVO!!! Thank you for a great experience!  

                I LOVE this place! We came here for brunch. Bottomless orange and pineapple mimosas! Mexican food! What is there to not love? I ordered the ham and poblano scramble. So. Delicious. The eggs were so creamy. What amazed me was how hot my dish was throughout my meal. My food was perfectly warm until I couldn't eat any more (there had to have been 3-4 eggs in my dish!) and the cheese was melty and yummy. We were also served bottomless chips and green salsa. Our waitress was super attentive, and came over to refill our waters and mimosas several times and never let our glasses bottom out. This place bumps top 40 music, which I thought was fun. Not so loud that you can't have a conversation, but audible enough to feel happy on a Sunday morning. And with bottomless mimosas, who couldn't be happy?  Basically, fantastic food, great service = must visit again next time I'm in San Francisco.  

                Having lived in Texas, this is definitely not Mexican food. But it's ridiculously good!!:)  

                Great food tacos, oyster ,the prawns a la diabla everything  is exelent Enrique The bartender is really nice and funny the margaritas are great and the sangrita too ,all the time I get there I have a great time  

                One of my favorite upscale mexican places.   The wait is always long so be prepared to put your name in and grab a drink somewhere in the area.  Last time I was here the wait for a party of 3 on a Friday night at ~ 8pm was an hour and a half.  However, the food is worth the wait.  My favorites include:  Guacamole - generous portion and the chips are completely addictive;  Mexican sashimi - salmon and avocado;  Seafood ceviche - varies depending on the day; Yellowtail sashimi;  Grilled calamari - three large skewers that come with slaw;  Shrimp tacos, fish tacos, carne asada tacos;  Pinto beans Margaritas - these seem to have doubled in size lately; no complaints here!   Atmosphere-wise this place can get really loud because there tend to be big groups.  The service is hit or miss, sometimes they are super attentive while other times they are completely absent the entire night.  However, it's a casual place so what can you expect?  Plus, the food more than makes up for it.  

                Went for dinner on a Wednesday night - got there at 6:30 and it was relatively empty. By the time we left at 7:30pm it was so loud in the restaurant it was kind of hard to hear the people I was with. If you're looking for a quiet dinner, get there early! We shared the guac (delish) and I had the fish tacos. They had a great kick to them.  The sangria was delicious.  

                Short Story:   A good place for food and drinks.  A bit pricey though!  Long Story: I came here on a Saturday night with 5 other friends to catch up and eat great food!  We made a reservation for 6:30PM and we were promptly seated.  The ambiance there was a feel of being part of the "in crowd" as the place with popping with people and great music.  It felt as if you were at a club but instead of dancing you were sitting down and eating.  The menu was really short, half small plates (tapas) and the other half entrees.  All in all, about 10 dishes.  The menu is a bit tricky as some of the entrees are really small and some of the tapas are quite large.  So, portion sizes doesn't match what you generally think.  It would be helpful to have pictures.  We ordered the salmon tacos, pork chops, yellowtail, and others.  These three dishes were phenomenal and I would highly recommend getting them.  The other dishes we got were only okay.  The pork was tender and cooked to perfection.  The yellowtail was fresh!  Verdict: I would go back again!  Now that I know what the portions are :)  

                Waitress in the yellow shirt was amazing. We did bottomless mimosas and my drink was full for the full 90 minutes due to great service. Food was great, although a bit greasy on the breakfast burrito. Good music, great chips and salsa. Happy to have found this place and would definitely return.  

