                154 reviews. You know by now what this place is. My 5-Star review is for Karen. She was an amazing server! Prompt, great recommendations, anticipated dining needs, and--best of all--anticipated our 2 year old's needs. Brought over paper/crayons as he was finishing his food, tidy'd up after him...above and beyond. Thanks Karen!  

                We received a gift certificate for Mudville Grill at an auction. My husband and I first went for a drive a month ago and stopped in for a drink and Ed's dip and chips. It was great and the service was even better! Our waiter offered me a sample of one of the craft beers which I then ordered.  It was a great afternoon date spot.   Tonight our family went back for dinner. Arriving at 8:00 pm on a Saturday, it was crowded with families and groups of friends. We ordered a beer and a glass of wine with water for our teenage son.  Latest salsa and chips! Meals came out surprisingly quickly. Two fish & chips and a chicken wrap. All were delicious and the chips and fish were piping hot! (Not always common in restaurants!)  Our waitress was attentive and cheerful. Even the 'guy' who put pepper on my salad was friendly and asked if everything was okay.   We will definitely go back. Good food, attentive friendly staff, plentiful parking... It's ALL good at Ed's Mudville Grill in picturesque Clayton!  

                I'm surprised I haven't tried this place before given it's close to my house.  I came here on Friday because I wanted to try their cioppino. It wasn't as delicious as mine but it was pretty darn good even though there was no crab in it! I also liked the outdoor seating. I  tried  their mud pie since I hadn't had one since I was a kid. The coffee flavor was not too strong and the mud pie was not the greatest. Aside from that I would come back to eat here again.  

                Ordered the French dip with fries. it was pathetic! It was more bread than meat but the most offensive part of the sandwich was the day (days?) old tasteless gray roast beef. It was fatty and had no flavor what so ever. There were 3 small slices of meat on a plain roll. The au jus was just as bad. It had no flavor and tasted like it came from a powder mix.     The 2 stars are for the service. They are great at being attentive and are friendly. If I ever go back I'll be sure and stick to ordering the nachos.  

                We arrived at 8:00 on a Saturday night to celebrate (for the second night) my husband's 41st birthday. We were seated and the waitress took our drink orders right away. I had a race the next morning, so I had to keep that in mind while ordering. I thought I was being conservative, what harm could 1 beer do? I ordered the Black diamond reserve 20th anniversary IPA, which was delivered in a ginormous bottle - which is more like 2 1/2 beers at 8% ALC. Better water it up.   I tried the fried ravioli appetizer and it's the deep fried cheesy carbodiggity. They serve them breaded with both marinara & ranch. The popcorn shrimp was actually just breaded deep fried shrimp but who's complaining?  I got the Kobe burger which is served well done, per house recommendation. It was still juicy & tender. All the toppings complimented the meat for burgertime perfection. The fries are hearty but not steak size. I was glad I had ranch left from the ravioli.   Various people waited, served and checked in on us. All in all, a great experience. They did mix up our order (brought out a bbq burger vs the chicken that my husband ordered) but they fixed it ASAP.  

                So disappointed with our last couple of visits to Ed's. We were there last weekend and the food and service were truly lacking. Our server was nice but that was about it.   First, he brought the wrong drink for our daughter, no biggie. Then our food came but our son's meal was missing. No one commented on the fact it wasn't out. We waited for a bit and then eventually asked a bus boy to check on our son's food. Then the server came back and said, "Did they bring you some fries?" No, what fries... we just want his meal. He then said that they had burnt one side of his chicken strips. How do you burn one side of something presumably fried in oil? First sign, that these were frozen strips heated up. His food eventually came and the strips were undercooked. He didn't eat them but instead poached off his little sister's plate. Not a way to serve a hungry 8 year old.   My salad was wilted and I couldn't finish it which is not like me. My fish and chips were fine, but the fish lacked any real flavor. My husband ordered a medium patty melt. The meat was singed and showed no pink whatsoever.   And although Ed's claims to have freshly prepared food, our kid's ice creams came out in prepackaged cups with date stamps on them. Again, no biggie, but you add it all up and feels like the food was far from fresh. We never saw our server after our meal's came so didn't even really get a chance to complain.   The party next to us was complaining as they had received their entrees before their appetizers and no one ever mentioned anything to them about where their appetizers were.   It was only 5:00, not busy....would hate to see how the food is when it is busy. Really disappointing.  

                I eat here at least once a month!  The service is great and food is excellent also!!  I highly recommend eating and having a few beers here while watching the game!!  

                "Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend." #MartinLutherKingDay   If you want to travel back to a time where people are judged based on the color of their skin instead their character Ed's is the perfect place.  Walking into Ed's reminded me that racism is still with us. We were treated like second rate citizens the moment we walked thru the door. Long story short we decided to walk out based on the blatant discrimination. If you believe racism is a refuge for the ignorant and it seeks to divide and destroy DONOT patronize ED's Mudville grill in Clayton C.A.  

                One of the best places I've been and I rarely ever say that lol btw their garlic fries were AMAZING!!!!  

                I really like their selection! Very good food.  Great atmosphere!  Loved going there! However the prices went up in August 2014, so we're less likely to go and spend more there.  

                I ordered the Chicken Parmesean. It came on a sourdough bun and with marinara sauce. Let me tell you: It was absolutely discusting. The chicken itself was undercooked and chewy. When I first bit into it I almost gagged. I also discovered two hairs in the sandwich. Gross!!!! Absolutely revolting to say the least.  Going back to the chicken. Tasted processed and super fatty. I had a side of fruit. . I spooned it into my mouth. I immediately almost regurgitated, once again. It tasted flavorless.. The consistency was chunky and  hard. Now don't even get me started on the price. $15 for a horrible meal. Never going hear again. Would rate 0 stars if I could. Hopefully the health department will shut this place down!!  

                My wife and I wanted to celebrate the one-year anniversary of our trip to London by finding a good fish and chips place for dinner - alas, a tall order it seemed in the Clayton Valley area. Fortunately, a deep dive into yelp surfaced Ed's Mudville Grill in Clayton. A perusal of the menu revealed - at the very bottom of a long menu - fish and chips! So off we went.  Ed's is a sports bar, not my favorite thing, so I was a little hesitant. It was hopping on an early Saturday night, and I was glad we got there before six because we snagged one of the few open tables. I liked the energy and atmosphere right away - Ed's has somehow managed to blend a sports bar and a family restaurant together into a cohesive whole, with neither part dominating the other.  We ordered the fish and chips (12.95) which comes with a Caesar's salad and fries, and my son had a bacon cheeseburger, also with fries. The food was excellent; I must admit I wasn't expecting something this good! The fish and chips were wonderful: not boring, as poorly made fish and chips can be, but they mix spices or something in to give the batter and fish a wonderful varied taste. The sides were excellent too: both fries and salad were top notch. My son's hamburger was also tasty and quite good.  Service was friendly, quick and attentive. My son and I both had colas, and received quick refills when they got down too low, including a new batch of extra ice, which I always like (a pet peeve is a cola-only refill, resulting in a semi-cold drink).  I felt the prices were reasonable: $43 for dinner for three.  Hats off to Ed's - this place is a winner!  

                I'm not sure why I'm surprised I enjoy this place so much.  After all, the owner also owns Moresi's, an upscale joint right down the street.  The salient features of that place are found here.  Well-prepared food in a clean environment, served by well-trained and polite staff.  It's a well-lighted airy room that doesn't smell of stale dishwater and unfulfilled dreams.    The food is good, well-prepared.  Find what you like and stick by it.  A great range of beers.  And maybe, just maybe, the only bar inthe Bay with more A's memorabilia than Giants'.  Hallelujah.  

                So I came here for the National Championship game. Not only is it a cool place with good food and beer but the service is above and beyond the best. I "lost" my phone and the whole staff searched high and low until they found it! This is a local bar where they will take the time to get to know you and provide you with an amazing local place to drink, eat and be Merry! I absolutely recommend coming here if you want to catch a game or just enjoy really great people who make your experience their priority  

                Great place for lunch! A friend and I were in Clayton and thought this looked like a good place. I had the wedge salad that was okay. It had a balsamic dressing that sounded good but didn't hit the mark for me. The raviolis are very good!! My friend had the vegi wrap which she like a lot. We would definitely be back!  

                My wife and I have eaten here a lot (but much less as of late) as it is one of the few casual dining options in our neck of the woods. I like the atmosphere here but, they gouge you on beers (most expensive in the area).  Overall I don't think its a good value, the menu is a little too busy, and the food so so.  My advice....lower your beer prices, focus on executing better on fewer menu items, and make this place a better overall value.  I would eat there more often and spend more $ in the long run if I knew I wasn't paying for the most expensive beers in town.  

                Ed's is the perfect place to hang out on the patio on a sunny weekend afternoon. They're very dog friendly - with water buckets and treats for well behaved dogs. Clayton has beautiful walking paths, all of which lead to Ed's. We love to take our dog for a walk, stop in at Ed's for a beer and a snack, then walk back home. The food is what you'd expect for a sports bar - not very healthy, but tasty and oh so satisfying. The beer selection is excellent - the usual suspects plus a good selection of craft beers, with several local choices.  

                Well, I certainly did not have super high expectations for this place however, I certainly expected better.   Wanting to break from my house to grab something to eat, I figured I would keep it local and check this place out after discovering it a while back.   Ed's is located in the wonderful downtown area of Clayton. I am assuming the building has been around for quite sometime like the majority of the surrounding old fashioned- style architectural structures. Very, rustic, pub style, with hardwood floors and such.   The place was fairly packed on this nice rainy day. I was able to choose a seat towards the back up against the wall. The very nice male server accommodated me this day.   I was in the mood for a dark style beer, so the server suggested I try a sample of one of his choice.I really enjoyed it so I  got a 16 oz glass of it ( I can't recall the name, but it was great) They also have there draft beers available in 22 oz.  For my main dish I decided to go with the Cobb salad. It comes with the usual diced tomato's, bacon, blue cheese, avocado and black olives. You can add Grilled chicken or what they call there " Ball Tip" steak meat. Its also available in large or half size. I went with the chicken style, half size with no blue cheese and ranch dressing on the side.   With in 5 min, another guy brought me my food, however there was no chicken so, he took it back. Then literally less then 2 min, he brought it back with the chicken. Now let me say, the chicken looked as if was taken from a frozen bag and quickly cooked with no seasoning and really no care....In other words, it was quite bland. I then proceeded to take a few bites of the salad with the bacon, and Ouch! The bacon was HARD AS ROCKS!! It was literally old, precooked bacon that they must have put in the re fridge over night...egh...I of course mentioned it to my "original server" who apologized and said he would have it remade with "fresh bacon".   It was then brought to me with the "fresh-real" bacon however, there was no avocado. So, I then brought that to his attention which he apologized again and brought me some. The salad turned out to be edible. It was only like $6.00 or so. I would not pay anything more for that. It literally was the WORST Cobb salad I have ever had. Oh, and not to mention, it was served in some super cheap, flimsy plastic bowl....I am glad I had a nice beer to enjoy, because if I hadn't, I probably would have left.   Certainly won't be back. I also should have been leery of the place considering they have such an extensive menu as in, they make just about everything...which means they can't specialize in anything...which means, most of there items are probably pretty bland.  

                Ed's is one of those places you must visit if your in Clayton and a place you look forward to going back to when you get the chance. Ed himself is a very gracious host who puts back into the community and the staff is always friendly. Burgers and french dip tend to be the go-to food for us.  Lots of games on for the sports fans.  

                Let me start by saying we had a party of 13 people, so we expected our service to be a little slow. However, it took AGES to get my food, in large part because the waiter messed up my order and that of another person in my group. The good news? He apologized sincerely, fixed the order, and didn't charge is for the messed up orders. The staff was friendly and professional. The atmosphere is nice, though a little bit too loud for my tastes. The food was good. I got a veggie quesadilla. Everyone else seemed to like their food as well.  

                I now have been here about five times. The food here is decent and this a good place to post up and watch the game. Decent selection of beer. However the service here is bad and it seems to get worse every time we come back. Slow, and inattentive seems to  be the status quo. Time before last we sat for ten minutes and watched staff slowly stroll by and chat it up at the bar well. Finally we had to ask the busboy / host for some help. Most of our bad experiences have been in the day time. It's seems like there is no supervision and the staff seems poorly trained. I know this isn't a five star restaurant but that is no excuse for such poor service. I really want to like this place. Mainly because it has potential to really good and it is one of the only options around.  

                My family and I love this place.  The service is great, the atmosphere is fun, and the food is yummy!  My favorites are the ball-tip burro wrap, the sliders, and the spinach salad.  My little girl loves their Cobb salad, and my little guy loves the chicken fingers and corn dogs.  Kids meals come with a free vanilla ice cream sundae which are a huge hit with the kids of course.  The kids also love drawing with the crayons and hitting up the arcade whether or not we give them money for it!  It's a fun place with tons of TV's so we know we'll always be able to watch whatever game is on.  If you are looking for a casual and lively place to grab good food with friends and/or your family, you will love it here.  

                This mace looked cute from the outside, so we went in. The menu is big, staff is friendly, but I wasn't "wowed" by the food. The seafood sandwich was just ok. The Brisket sandwich which was ordered by others in our party was not good at all. I do suggest upgrading to the garlic parm fries & onion rings. Just a bummer  that they charge so much for the switch and you get less than if you kept the order as reg fries.  

                Came here on a sunday... Atmosphere was nice...food was pretty good, I just ordered the ty cobb but the only thing I didnt like about it was it came in a small bowl that I couldnt mix my salad at all, my salad was pretty much falling out of the bowl...other people I went w/ ordered the same thing but got totally different ingredients in their sandwiches...other than that its a pretty nice place  

                I had a pretty good French Dip here (I think, can't remember the exact sandwich) with friends. The beer and fries were good, too. The atmosphere is always on-point.   I've been here it's the distant past as well, and unfortunately I never have the desire to go back unless it's a situation where friends are meeting up in Clayton and it's a "where should we go?" sort of situation where beer usually dictates the outcome.  

                Just had dinner and loved the ball tip sandwich. They have plenty of beers on tap as well as plenty of different choices for dinner. This is a great place for families, very mellow with plenty of TVs over every wall.  

                Came <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fhere.to&s=39487568443e0346bde32c016a1db6da62139d18990453ec4db2aa590b53565b" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">here.to</a> meet a friend to watch battle of the bay giants vs A's and service is awesome and the food omg I.ordered a bbq brisket sandwhich very good. I recommend everyone to try this place.  

                I was pleasantly surprised, I went on a Sunday right at noon and  the servers we very fast on taking my order and getting me my food , when my drink glass was low they had it refilled asap. The food was very good.  I will definitely be back.  

                What a fantastic St. Patrick's day 2014 show put on by Ed and the entire Mudville's Grill staff. I had a great time! Really enjoyed the great beers, good food, the St. Patrick's Day music, and dancing! Thank you Ed and Stephanie! As always, a great time.     I felt a lot of pride when Ed led the tributes given to those Mudville's family members who have passed and everyone raised their glass in honor. Especially the tribute to Harmon West! I miss Harmon...   Thanks again for a great time @ #Mudville's     UConn Rick  

                This is a great spot in Clayton to watch all things sports.  We have watched the Giants and Niners games here with fellow fans.  The atmosphere is very pleasant and family friendly.  We see the owner, Ed, here a lot and he is very welcoming.  Service has always been great.  They have some great sports memorabilia and the best chicken wings around.  We also like switching up the chili cheese fries with sweet potato fries...yum!  We do have a couple of suggestions, the fish, in their fish  and chip. needs improvement.  The batter lacks flavor.  Also, we love the custom made shirts but they should make some for the Niners too.  Other than that, we are repeat customers.  

                If you live in Clayton, this is your best option for a meal. I've gone for years and particularly like their deck outside, and your dog is fine there with a water tap just for dogs. My only complaint is pricing. For example, I was in with my son Sunday and, as usual, the tab came to $42, plus tip. That's for the fish & chips and the french dip. Yes, I had one beer. But $42 for lunch for two is a bit high, IMHO. I swapped out the regular fries for sweet potato fries and was charged $2.29 extra (and wasn't warned of the extra charge).  Other than that, they have a lot of brews on tap, the servers are pretty good kids and the menu is large. But a bit expensive. I would go to Ed's more often if prices weren't so high, but often end up at Subway down the street where two can eat for $10-12 instead of $42. And their sandwiches are bigger!  

                First of all, we were admittedly the "guests from hell": a huge, boisterous, extended family taking all of three coveted patio tables on a Saturday night. Waiting for the last of us to arrive meant just drinks and appetizers for the first hour or so. Multiple complicated food orders quickly ensued. Then, to what I am sure was the absolute horror of our servers, their computers went down, forcing them to retake and manually add up the mishmash of separate checks.  Kudos to our patient servers. We know it must have been torture, yet you never stopped smiling and attending to our requests. Therefore, we didn't mind being patient when you had to go through cyber-purgatory. Notwithstanding, we were rewarded for our long-suffering by the apologetic manager who gave us our drinks on the house!   Drinks: as a celiac, I loved that they had cider on tap. There is also a vast selection of brews. I hope they get a liquor license soon, but for now beer&wine must suffice.  Food: The only thumbs down was the chili that preceded my order of ribs. It was a bit coarse and salty, like it had been overcooked. I loved the spinach artichoke dip, Korean chicken wings and other appetizers. The ribs were savory, tangy and falling-off-the-bone tender.  But it was definitely the atmosphere that sold me.  

                The people were nice but the food was nasty. We decided to try something different but i was not pleased with the fiod at all. The soup had no flavor and my jambalaya tasted like seafood water and peppers. I ordered a patty melt and the meat was very under cooked the bread was hard. So not happy  

                Great food and good atmosphere. Family friendly and plenty of tvs for sports watching.  

                We have always enjoyed having something to eat and a few drinks at Ed's.  The staff is always helpful, attentive, and prompt.  The food is always really tasty and at reasonable prices.  It's also not uncommon for Ed himself to pop in and work the room visiting, smiling, and saying hello to his customers. Nice touch.   This is a sports bar/restaurant but you don't have to be a sports fan or enthusiast to enjoy the nice family ambiance and friendly atmosphere.  If its just two of you grab one of the high tables near the bar or sit across from each other on two of the side rail stools.  Otherwise, there are ample tables sitting four or more folks or family members.  

                This is a great place in the heart of old downtown Clayton. We sat outside amidst the falling leaves from the trees, and gave a real resort ambiance you might find on one of those memorable road trips.  Service was professional, polite and prompt. Beer selection is excellent and food was very tasty. Prices were very reasonable as well. We will definitely be back.  

                Depending on the day and even the time of day, Eds can get busy and loud. It's a smaller place and not a lot separates the bar from the main dining so if you have a family and looking for something quiet good luck. It doesn't seem to deter too many though as Eds gets a diverse crowd and has great food and service ( the majority of the time ) -been coming here for years so I've the odd day with less than perfect service. Overall recommend it and will keep going back. I'm always partial to the zucchini sticks as an appetizer with a chicken San Diego sandwich.  

                This place was amazing. Great atmosphere,  great food (omg the crab poppers are a must) and our server Dominic was incredible. I had never been here before but i week be back. WEEKLY!!  

                Moved to clayton recently from England, been to Eds several times now and brought my family here whilst they were on vacation. Had lovely food and a great service and will continue come back. I hear la Veranda is also owned by Ed so looking forward to trying there too!  

                We are new to the area and decided to go explore the downtown Clayton area. First of all, such a charming, hometown feel...lovely! We walked the town and looked at all of the different little restaurants and decided on Ed's Mudville Grill and we were so happy that we did!   There is a nice big patio outside, if the weather is nice and it is NON SMOKING! I love that since I have young children. When you walk through the door, you are greeted by some great sports memorabilia. It is a down home, comfortable feeling overall. Kind of like "Cheers"...if you went there often, everyone would know your name kinda thing.   We had 3 hungry children with us so, the server was very efficient and made sure to get to us quickly. That was appreciated!   The food was GREAT ( the carnitas was AMAZING!) and priced fairly and there was an extensive beer selection which made the hubby very happy.  Although, it is pretty pricey (the beer!) which is why I took off one star.   We will definitely be back...again and again!  

