                Such a hidden gem! I loved this place!  My al pastor super burrito was delicious and SO flavorful! I can't say enough about taquerias that use the perfect proportions of ingredients in their burritos and this place nailed it. Yum!  Not a huge selection of salsas and the chips aren't the best but the burrito made up for everything.  Also, I'll be back to try the carne asada fries and California burrito! Haven't had one of those since I lived in San Diego!  

                Back from a trip and new to the area, thought id give this highly-reviewed place a try.   Ordered the beef burrito "supreme" and although the ingredients were decent the layering was poor. All the sour-cream/salsa had been set to one side and thus, half was dry and the other half was bachelor stew. You had one job!   I can understand, the evening service getting a little lazy, so i may have to try this place again.  

                I love El Rancho. It never disappoints. Today they were pretty busy and asked for my order more than once but waiting an extra few minutes is always worth it. Any breakfast burrito which is served all day is fantastic and the california burritos are even more so. You can even ask for carnitas instead of carne asada and it's delicious. Not to mention they don't use lard, only soybean oil and the amount of food for the prices are incredibly reasonable.  

                I came here almost every weekend in college with my roommates and friends. I recently just went back for a visit and we came here for lunch. It was just as good as I remember it. Fast and friendly service, large portion sizes, cheap prices and great taste.  

                What can I say. They never let me down. With 27 million taquerias in Rohnert Park alone, this one stands ahead of the competition. Not the cheapest... But worth the money. That's why we have been coming to this place for over 10 years now. Keep up the good work fellas.  

                My family has been eating at this taqueria for 10+ years! It will always be my favorite taqueria. I always get treated respectfully and the food is always great. Its worth standing in the sometimes very long line to get such great food and service. Keep it up!  

                The food is good, not great. The service is great, the people there really do A great job of providing a fun place to eat. Music is awesome too. Super fun  

                Another reason why I like Yelp.   We wanted Mexican food but don't live in Rohnert Park so we didn't know where to go.  Yelp to the "rescue." We popped in after a Thursday night soccer game and found one bustling little taqueria!  Very few tables but seemed like most people were taking it to go so perhaps that's they big draw? Anyhow, we ordered and shared a few basic items and everyone was very pleased! Chips and the red salsa were excellent!  Carne asada taco was big and flavorful.   Carnitas soft taco was excellent.  Grilled chicken super burrito was monstrous and every taste melded together perfectly.  (I'm kinda craving it now, despite being 8:25am!) We'll definitely return when we're in the neighborhood.  

                I ate here for the first time last night and ordered the taco salad. The shell that it came in tasted old and stale, the sour cream was not fresh, and the carne asada was dry and rubbery. This morning I woke up with horrible food poisoning after a long night of stomach pains. I was surprised to have had such a bad experience after seeing these great reviews, but unfortunately I will not be eating here again.  

                Pretty good place. Love the breakfast burrito s....however, dont get the sausage in it. You will end up with some sort of hot dog in the burrito when you were expecting breakfast sausage  

                WORDS CANNOT DESCRIBE THE ORGASMIC BREAKFAST BURRITO. I had to put that in caps because their breakfast burrito is amazing! I've been getting the breakfast burrito here since 2006 and in the past 8 years, the consistency has always been the same and they are still amazing as ever! Today was my first day here in about 6 months since I've moved out of the area, and the burrito was exactly as I remembered it. I always get it fajitas style, with grilled bell pepper and onion, and it's amazing.   They also have a KILLER California burrito with fries in it that's amazing as well!  The owner and employees are the best, extremely nice, and they will take care of you every time.  Thanks for keeping things awesome guys!  

                100% favorite Breakfast Burrito in Sonoma County. Everything is really good but I love them BFast Burritos. The owner is Awesome too and knows everyone! Nothing less than 5 stars, this is a must try!  

                If you have not had their breakfast burritos (served all day) you messed up. They are KILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLER!!!  

                This place is so good. Just make sure you get here before the high school across the street let's out for lunch. They have quite a few vegetarian options and they're always really nice!  

                Love love loved this place! It is great food at a great price! The customer service was on point! They take your food to the table in a timely manner. I nightly recommend eating here!  

                Their chile relleno burrito was so good, it made me miss living in California with a vengeance.  I ate myself sick.  :)  

                California burrito...must I say more? mmmmm  

                They have amazing burritos at this place. The Carnitas Super Burrito is by far the most delicious burrito I have ever had. The only complaint I have about this place is that on 3 separate occasions I have rounded up my bill to the next dollar as a tip and they added an extra dollar on top of that. I don't know if its an issue where they need to tip more than 50 cents or so but I would at least like some warning if you are going to charge me an extra $1.  

                They are super friendly and very fast. They always remember me when I come in and greet me with a smile. They offer a large variety of different Mexican foods, and ALL of them are delicious, I have never tried something I didn't like. I recommend a shredded chicken super burrito, or any of their tacos (great deal at $2 a piece). Definitely stop by if you are in the area!  

                This place is my favorite taqueria ever! I would eat here every day if I had the money. Try the California burrito. Out of this world!  

                I've been here multiple times and the customer service is ALWAYS top notch! They're so personable and welcoming here. Not to mention, the food is amaaaazzzazing!  

                If you stopped by a burger joint and saw a stack of free neo-Nazi newspapers on the counter, would you go back?  Probably not.  Who wants their food with a side of hate?  I noticed a Spanish language paper freely circulated over there that tells me where the owners politics are.  He should not allow a paper like that in his store.  Lolitas Taqueria is 50 feet away and has superior food anyway.  It doesn't stuff its burritos with rice (filler), has superior salsa, and superior shredded beef, which should not have the consistency of cat food.  

                Ever since I found this place I've been here once a week wish I could eat it everyday but couldn't be good for you lol best taqueria I've had hands down I usually don't order burritos from Mexican food places because I'm always taking burnt meat or fat outta my mouth but this place uses premium meats and don't leave all the fat on it or burn it to disguise it Best Taqueria Ever!!!!!  

                Best breakfast burritos I've ever had!! Only taqueria I go to in Rohnert Park anymore, and the people there are always so friendly! El Rancho 4ever  

                Best burritos in Sonoma. Monstrous and delicious for a great value. The California burrito and the chorizo breakfast burrito are phenomenal. To top it off, everyone who works there is delightful!!!  

                I've lived right the block from this place for years and just now do I understand how much this place rocks!  Even with mixed reviews on the California burrito, I decided to take a chance. It was awesome!  Something about those fries just put it over the top.  The customer service and speed of service was top notch.  I can't wait to go back!  

                I'm a regular when I come here. They are a family owned business and man, their food is delicious! Cranè asada fries or a California burrito is a must! They know me by my order and the staff is always friendly. I think it's awesome that a little boy was learning how to be cashier and had exceptional manors. It was so refreshing to see children raised well! I tell everyone to go here for their Mexican food cravings. They give you a lot for your money and you'll want to go back for more!  

                Great Mexican food for Rohnert park, try the California or one of the breakfast burritos for a good time.   Nothing beats their veggie nachos -- been going here for years and will continue to do so. The owner is very nice and extremely active in the community  

                Clean Friendly Fast Inexpensive Diverse and extensive menu AND DAMN THE FOOD IS TO DIE FOR  

                Moving here from los angeles I've been struggling to find great mexican food and a good horchata.  LOOK NO FURTHER, seriously hands down BEST burrito I've had since moving to Northern California.  Not to mention THE BEST horchata, so sweet and fresh, not watered down at all and you can even taste the cinnamon which i love.  But the burrito, i had the california burrito, and i add rice and beans, and its as big as my head for only about 8 dollars.  I am one happy camper and have found my new spot for burritos, and their chips were excellent too.  Friendly and fast service.  

                It was pretty good. But it's just a pretty good burrito place in an old strip mall, so I really don't get all the 4 and 5 star reviews. I know a dozen small Mexican places in the North Bay that are just as good. Doesn't a restaurant have to be exceptional for such lofty ratings?  

                The service was alright, the food was really good. The only thing I feel is missing is the Carne Asada is a bit bland and it's really hard to find a Mexican place that does it spot on. Overall I'd come here again.  

                Very disappointed w breakfast burrito. "Sausage" was a cut up hot dog.  

                This place is definitely the best taqueria in Rohnert Park. I came here for the first time a couple weeks ago and have already returned 3 times. This is my go-to spot if I roll out of bed starving and don't want to make myself breakfast. 6 bucks for a huge, dripping breakfast burrito? Apparently you shouldn't get the sausage because its just cut up hot dogs but why would you get the "sausage" option when the chorizo is the BOMB. The California burrito was pretty good but the french fries were cold; so that, plus sour cream, pico de gallo and guac made for a pretty cold burrito. Also the service is super fast  

                Get the California Burrito! Just do it. It's so good. We like to come here after a long day of work. Huge proportions, delicious food and great customer service. The owner of the place is so friendly and always greets us with a huge smile. Happy, yummy place.  

                One of the best in RP.   Pros: Breakfast burritos (chorizo and bacon at the same time!)  The California Burrito is the best!! Red salsa is delicous too!  Cons: None that ive had!  

                Excellent and very friendly service. We ordered  different burrito's , including the California burrito and the food came quickly and was yummy. Extra kudo's for the friendly lady at the counter.  

                Was just traveling through Rohnert Park and stopped here for dinner and glad we did! Got a super burrito and it was indeed super. Huge portion size for a great price. It was very delicious on top of that . The staff were very friendly and seemed to have a rapport with repeat customers. They were also quick to make our food. If I'm ever in Rohnert Park again, I would definitely come again.  

                This is my new favorite place to get a Burrito! The california Burrito with French Fries is off the damn hook. And im yet to try the carne asada fries but Im aure theyre just as good! I went here two days in a row and Im a flat out burrito snob and this was no bad burrito. My girlfriend got a breakfast burrito and it was a little piece of heaven ^_^ Id highly reccomend this place! Just ask for light sour cream and guacamole if you arent huge cream fans!  

                After trying this place for the first time, I felt the need to right a good review because it was so good. there al pastor and carnitas tacos were amazing! I'm definitely coming back next time for some yummy Mexican food.  

