                My boyfriend and I just moved to Brentwood a few months ago and it took us a few weeks to find our go-to spot for Mexican food. We eat A LOT of Mexican food, and so far, we think El Taco Factory is the best place to find it in Brentwood/Antioch (better than Jalisco's and La Costa).   I'm probably not the best person to rate any Mexican place on "authentic Mexican flavor" seeing as I'm almost as white as they come (well, Irish & Portuguese), but I have definitely been to my fair share of taquerias that don't use fresh ingredients, don't serve ample portions, and have terrible customer service. Don't worry! You won't find any of that here. Everything we have ever ordered here has had extremely fresh ingredients: crispy lettuce, onions, peppers; soft flour tortillas; great quality prawns, pork, and beef; ripe, green guacamole - seriously, I can go on.  On top of fresh ingredients, the portions are large (even when you're holding ingredients - I tend to hold the rice and substitute extra lettuce). With every order you receive a bag of chips and as much of their house salsa as you can handle (and it's really good salsa! Love the green stuff.)  And lastly, the staff is great - super kind, attentive, and fast (I'm one of those jerks with 5 changes to my burrito and they never mess it up). Just keep in mind when you visit, this place gets really busy and it's small (only one cash register) so you might have to wait in line if you show up during typical lunch and dinner hours, but that's on you, go early or call ahead. :)  And if you're looking for recommendations: the prawn burrito is excellent and their pastor, in any form, is incredible. Enjoy!  

                Me and my boyfriend were craving for Mexican food today, and though we'd try this place out. Everyone recommended La Coasta, but since I'm a yelper and the this place was closer I decided to try this place out.   First of all, great service. The person who helped us, probably the manager, was literally the nicest and most patient person ever. We couldn't decide what we wanted, because it was our first time there, and the manager was like "take your time". Super sweet.   Secondly, the food. Oh my gosh, although I only had the two tacos, I was already full. Probably the best pastor tacos I ever had, and a good decent size too. As for the carne asada, it was good, but If I had known there were beans I would've said no beans. My boyfriend said his burrito was good, but he too doesn't like beans, but besides that everything was bomb. Did I mention free chips and salsa? When we were done paying for food he gave us a basket of chips and you could choose your own salsa; which is right next to the cashier. Yum!   Thirdly, prices. For what I ordered--1 Regular Carne Asada burrito, 2 soft tacos, 1 large drink; the total came out to $15 something. Not bad I guess, for what we ate, and how we were treated I'm most definitely going back.   Looking at my photo from when I took the picture, I feel like eating tacos again. Ugh, *droool.   Try it out for yourself, everyone has there opinion, I think you won't be disappointed :) Hope this review helped!  

                Excellent food in a small unassuming strip mall. Got the large burrito and it was the bomb. Wife got the quesadilla and ate every last bite. Carne asada was off the hook and the chicken wasn't bad. Definitely will try the shrimp next time. Huge portions for around $7. Yum.  

                Stopped by this place a grabbed a burrito, chips, and drink. Total came out to about $10.50. Salsa is in ice pan with towel over it in squeeze bottles. Chips have bland taste, broken into little pieces. Burrito was good! Drink was served on styrofoam cup....not a fan of something that sticks around longer than anything else on earth. Chips and cups correction, we go 5 stars!  

                DELICIOUS authentic Mexican food!! This place is definitely underrated. They're not shy with their potions, and the taste is on point. I love this place!!  

                Consistent and fresh. Good quality meats and friendly service. I mostly order for take out. Their burrito is delicious, my favorite in town. They make their own hot sauce and with that they don't have any Tabasco in their restaurant! :( Gotta bring your own.. lol  

                If I could give this place 10 stars I would. The Tacos are to die for. The service is perfect. If your looking for Mexican you found the spot. Large portions too  

                Recently moved to the area and been trying out the local joints. I must say, I like the tacos here. We've gone twice so far in two weeks so I've only tried their tacos de asada. I'm a fan. :)  

                This place never disappoints! Best tacos in town and the salsa is soooo good!! The chicken is always tender! My husband LOVES the cabesa and lingua! He always says these are very authentic tacos!  

                I had never tried tongue before and holy cow was it good!!  It was fall apart tender. The service was great and made me feel welcome. It was very busy and it took a couple minutes but well worth the wait!!  

                Best carne asada tacos in the Bay Area!!! I order the super crunchy taco and the meat is flavorful and tender! They fry white corn tortillas - so good!  

                It's hit or miss with them. Sometimes they are on point other times they have no flavor and the cheese isn't melted all the way in the quesadilla or burrito. It's the only place around the area that is pretty good. When I need my Mexican fix this is the place that I usually go. Still nothing beats a good authentic burrito from San Francisco. This will have to do.  

                I'm a huge taco fan.  I've been wanting to find a favorite taco joint since moving back to the area and decided to try this spot. Initially, I was skeptical because the name of the establishment was not appealing in my opinion and I remember always driving past the restaurant but always disregarded it because of its name.  So back to the story. After checking the reviews, we checked in and ordered 4 tacos (El Factory tacos carne asada and pastor) and 1 El factory burrito (pastor). The girl who took our order was generous enough to give us another plate of chips while we dined in. The salsas (red and verde) were bomb dot com and I could not get enough of it until the spiciness kicked in.   Anywho when we got our food, I was drooling while taking photos of it. Finally that first bite into the taco, tasted like heaven on earth. It was so good that I savored every bite. OMG! They were so yummy! The tacos are pretty big and full and I got full off of two and only took a few bites of my burrito. I ended up eating the burrito the next day and it was still so good.   I'll definitely be back! :)  

                Been here a few times and I love the tacos, as that's all I've tried. My review will be based on their tacos. I've tried the carne asada, pastor, chicken and carnitas. My favorite are the pastor. Marinated meat in tiny bite sized pieces laid into the corn tortillas with a generous portion, ($3.35 ea) and topped off with cilantro and white onions. These tacos are sooooooo yummy! They are addicting and rightfully so! Great for a quick lunch either to-go or to stay and eat. We like eating there. The tacos are wrapped in paper so as to not get all your fingers ooey gooey messy. The pollo (chicken) tacos are my second favorite. They are also pilled high in a corn tortilla. Same fixings as above. They have a few different in house made salsas that are pretty good and HOT! Put some of that on your tacos and you'll be breathing like a dragon! You can't go wrong with ordering any of their tacos. We also have ordered cheese quesadilla for the lil guy and have gotten the cheese flour and cheese corn tortillas. In my opinion they should maybe let the tortillas cool for like 15 seconds or so before putting in the cheese. By the time we get the quesadilla the cheese is literally all oozed out from being cut into quarters or half. That's my only gripe, for now. Restrooms are meh. You can tell their specialty is cooking food and not so much cleaning. Sometimes the tables are still sticky or we have to wipe them clean again after they come a wipe them. They do offer free chips and salsa. Refills on the chips are extra. They have a big screen TV to watch TV while you wait or eat depending on which way your facing. If your facing towards the front door you'll see the TV. A small fountain drink is $1.25. Jarritos are $2.10. They do take plastic.  

                My family and I love this place!! This is pretty much the best Mexican restaurant in all of Coco county!! I've tried almost everything on the menu but the best thing is the chicken, steak or carnitas super tacos make sure you add sour cream a guacamole too!! <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2FBomb.com&s=716853a54974befb18bd2a2079d876386c9ebd876290947c699fc1e3eaccf129" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Bomb.com</a> oh and I forgo to mention the staff is awesome, friendly and always get my order perfect!!  

                Best Mexican food ever! I been going here since it first opened and It never let me down. All their food is amazing!  -cheers  

                This place is Awesome!  A friend told us about it, now we try to go there every Sat. For lunch. I love their Super Taco!!! There food oozes with flavor! The Owner is super nice and they make you feel like family!!  

                The food here is actually really good. The meat is always fresh and the tacos are terrific! I also love the tortas.  However, I have to deduct a star because they NEVER get to go orders right. One time, they had to make my husband's burrito three times before they got it right- I'm not exaggerating!! If it was an isolated incident, fine, but it happens every single time. I'd recommend going here if you are planning on eating in. For to go orders, pick one of the other Mexican restaurants in Brentwood.  

                Excellent food, big portions...tacos are the best.! friendly service..could use a little TLC when it's busy w/cleaning tables and not having garbage puling up but otherwise its one of my favorite places to eat.  

                So darn good. Gotta get the super taco with any meat choice. Owner and employees are so nice. Red and green homemade salsa - can't get enough.  "Free" chips. They do charge for refills but whateva.  

                Just had lunch here for the first time and the food and service were both excellent!  I had 2 super tacos with carnitas and carne asada. They were delicious home style fried tacos with melted cheese and stuffed to the brim (I definitely was full after the first taco but the food was so good I ate the second taco too!)  The lady at the register was super friendly, the restaurant was clean and the service was fast and great!  I'll definitely be back soon!  

                This place is clean and EVERYTIME I go here it's hard to find a seat.....for a reason. I had the El Factory quesadilla with pastor meat and this could quite possibly be the best quesadilla I've ever had in my life!  It reminded me of the ones I've had in Mexico. The al pastor was seasoned well and the best part was the tortilla which had a nice crispy texture!  Definitely worth a try. I'll be sure to come back.  

                Went here last night with my family we really liked this place I really liked how the guacamoles is made fresh and the carne asada is juicy and fresh customer service is great.  

                Best mexican in brentwood. I highly recommend prawn quesudillas or the Carne asada factory burrito  

                I love El Taco Factory!! The service absolutely exemplifies what the customer experience should look like! The food is delicious on top of ALL that!!  

                Super Taco Steak are the best! You can taste the quality of the meat, nicely marinated and cooked. Salsa are the bomb. Great Authentic taste, my favorite place to eat and I love to eat.  

                I always get the super taco.  It's very delicious....mouth watering.  I grew up in so-cal and never had anything this good.  The owner is super nice and the service is great.  Highly recommended!  

                Check in and check out!  They have zero customer service, left us just standing at the register waiting to order while they talked, bussed tables etc.  Don't bother, they didn't!  

                Great food!  Crispy tacos were excellent, shrimp nachos with carne asada was too!  Only knock is the menu is small-tacos, burritos, nachos, tortas.  Seems like family run, shop is cafeteria style.  5 stars because the food was that good!  

                I always order quesadillas at most Mexican restaurants. I am a creature of habit. They have the tastiest crunchiest quesadillas I have ever had. They are my absolute favorite. Minus the avocado... Yes comes with avocado, but I don't like avocado.  

                Great food! I get the super taco it is delicious! Quesadillas are great to. Prices are a little high that's why only 4 stars.  

                One of my favorites! Excellent food, they have amazing carnitas which they sell by the pound. Highly recommend.  

                Best carnitas ever !!  I can't believe I haven't written a review already!  I love their Taco's! I have had many taco's in my lifetime but no one makes them as good as this place. Especially the Carnitas ( cripsy). I should say I haven't tried any other kinds yet though because I am hooked on these! I have searched many places looking for a taco that was just as good ( mainly close to my work ) but have yet to find anyone who does it like these guys.  They have a small menu and will tell you its because they want to do what they do right. Nailed it! I would try the Taco's first and pass the burritos. The tacos are fairly large ( not like ones your probably use too) and FULL of flavor. Not that there is anything wrong with their burritos but the name says it all.  I go to Church across the street and stop here often after for dinner.   Gotta try it!  

                The best tacos I have ever had in my life!!! Super Taco is the name and it's $4 for one. Yea i know what you're thinking, "expensive for just one taco" but until you go there and try one you won't understand why. .they are truly the best! !!  

                I don't understand the low reviews. I suspect those reviews are from silly white people that don't know what good mexican food should taste like. Great place. Great mexican food and the best Pastor I've ever had in my life, period.  

                Absolutely amazing service. Upbeat and polite. Food was out of this world. Highly recommend.  

                I didn't like this place it wasnt crowded I ordered chile verde taco and steak taco I didn't even Finnish it was Super bland they charged extra for sour cream and I had to wait about 15 min for my food there was literally only a couple people in there and they made it Wrong the first time. The place could have been cleaner and my stomache bubbled after eating here and not in a good way I wouldn't eat here again it wasn't horrific but there are just Better places for the same price  

                Great food and good service.  My sisters always come here and the employees are always so friendly. I looove the super steak taco! a little greasy but hey! take your butt to the gym because this is the place for a serious cheat meal! enjoy!  

                Being a fan of John's Ice Cream, I figured I'd give this place a shot. Deciding what to order, I asked the guy in front of me what he would suggest. "Super Taco" he says. So I ordered one and thought it was pretty tasty.  The next time I went, I ordered two because one just didn't fill me up.  If I can tear myself away from the super taco, then maybe I'll try the rest of the menu.  

                Quality, Consistency, and Betty, are the main ingredients making the El Taco Factory the best place for a taco in the Brentwood area.  A simple menu varied by an extensive selection of meats to choose from, makes this place tops on our list for good food. The pinto beans are freshly cooked till tender and served whole inside both the tacos and burritos for a unique improvement on the more redundant traditional standard.  Some people might be alarmed at first having to pay 4 bucks for a taco; but be assured it is quickly dismissed once you receive your food.  If your appetite compels you to desire larger portions, then the Super Burrito will more than satisfy your manly hunger. The restaurant is diminutive in size so tables can be at a premium during the rush hour; but generally made available by the time your food is prepared and served.  

