                So glad we booked Esin for our couples date night. Started with the flatbread and gnocchi. Both good but the gnocchi was da bomb! Hubby ended up ordering it as his entree. I shared the salmon special and kale salad with my girlfriend and her hubby ordered the pot roast; we all tasted the pot roast and loved it.   Even though we were stuffed we split the pear galette and pecan tart. the pecan pie fan amongst us happily gobbled up the tart. Although the bite I tried was good it was just too sweet and rich for me. And, I'm probably also not a good judge of galettes. It was okay but I think both of our dessert choices just weren't my cup of tea. Between the four of us there were zero crumbs left on our plates!  The service was excellent. Jesse was appropriately attentive, helpful and funny. The evening was delightful, satisfying and memorable. Esin is easily our favorite date night spot in Danville!  

                Food - 3.5 Stars  Service/Ambience - 4 stars   Honestly I think this place probably deserves a 3.5 star but I'm rounding up as I think its a nice place to get dinner. This is a nicer, upscale restaurant in danville with an atmosphere somewhere in-between a cafe and a nice steak house.   The service is superb and friendly. The food does not live up to expectation. I have tried the chicken, burger and steak here. Granted, I liked all of them -- they are good dishes -- just not great.   Still, Cafe Esin is one of the better choices in Danville for a nicer dining atmosphere with good food. Although I'd probably choose Piatti over it any day.  

                My husband took me here last night for a late Valentine's dinner. Our reservation was at 7 in the evening, but we got there a little after 6. The lady in the front asked us if we would like to sit in the patio and I didn't mind at all. We got seated right away. They have plenty of heaters in the patio and I like the lights. I thought the atmosphere was romantic.   Our waitress was classy and she knew the menu. She told us the specials & answered all of our questions.   My husband ordered the lamb shank with beans and something else (lol) & I ordered the king salmon with vegetables. It was delicious. I didn't expect to finish it all. For dessert we wanted the bread pudding but they only had cherry. I'm not a fan of cherry flavor so my husband and I went with brownie pecan caramel with vanilla gelato. It was okay. Our waitress said they change their bread pudding flavors often. I guess we will be going back :)  

                Clean and spacious restaurant where you can grab a  leisurely bite to eat.  I ordered the fried chicken sandwich which I found flavorful but a little dry.  I tried half of a cheeseburger and enjoyed it much more--juicy and delicious.  Will come back to try dinner.  

                Since noticing Esin on our trips to neighboring Maria Maria, Juna S and I had our sights set on dining at this elegant institution. We didn't fancy ourselves classy enough for the beautifully designed interior, so we opted for lunch on the patio. Thank goodness for heat lamps on chilly sunny days!   Throughout the meal, we were met with nothing but fantastic service and food. We both started with Moscow Mules to whet our appetites. Then, unable to decide on just one appetizer, we decided to maximize the diversity of our meal by ordering the Flatbread, Gnocchi, and Meze Platter.   No regrets. The Gnocchi take ragu to another level and its texture so perfectly chewy I almost ordered a second round. The secret: the ricotta is blended right into the dough to give it a creamy texture and flavor without overpowering the filling. The Flatbread is the most delicious healthy flatbread I've eaten, sweet and savory components alternately grabbing your attention. Crunch factor never goes wrong with me, so I certainly appreciated contributions here from both the pecans and pears. The Meze Platter is Esin's sampler plate for all things Mediterranean, a tear-drop shaped platform for showing off their mastery of the classics. We ended up not ordering any entrees because the portions we got were just right for sharing between two stomachs without overburdening them. I would gladly come here again to feel good inside and out if not for the $$$.  

                This is my sisters favorite restaurant, so we come here every other time I am in town. There are numbers of good restaurants in and around Danville, but this one is consistently good.  Started off the dinner with a cocktail and they did not skimp on the alcohol, very good.  Then I had the ricotta cheese gnocchi which was good and not "gummy" at all. For the entree I had the hanger steak with fries and it was cooked to the medium rare that I had asked for.   I am normally not a dessert person, but they do a good job here and will always have a spoon or two.  Of the various times I have been here, food was always good and the service was very friendly. Don't recall having a substandard food/service and I hope that I don't in the future.  

                We have been attending Esin's since back in the days when she was working from a site on San Ramon Blvd.  Those were excellent days.  Regretfully, we have noticed quality and price moving in opposites directions.  Several Sundays ago, my wife and I attended.  I ordered the Sunday special which is Prime Rib and my wife some other dish.  Prime Rib is succulent and tasty with much flavor as a usual  fare!  Not this time!!  It was tasteless, dry, almost hearted.  Same for the mashed potatoes with a hint of garlic one's taste buds just couldn't find.  We love Esin's; we have found it to be a highly respectable restaurant in the San Ramon Valley. But a tinge of something wrong is happening.  Seems to be over production may be killing flavor as well as taste.  We shall  attend agin since it is so a  lovely dinning place. Hopefully the slight down side is something temporary.  

                My wife and I had a recent "date night" here.  We've heard and read good things about ESIN and wanted to give it a try.   We started out with the Meze Platter which was served with humus, roasted eggplant dip, cucumber yogurt dip, tabouleh, olives, dolmas, feta stuffed roasted anaheim & grilled pita. Great selection and good way to try everything.   I also tried their hamachi special - sushi grade thinly sliced fish with an amazing garnish.   The Risotto made with Roasted Butternut Squash, Spinach, Parmesan & Sage-Pumpkin Seed Pesto.   Curtis' Fries with Lemon-Garlic Aioli - these reminded me of In-n-Out fries!!  I also tried their Friday night seafood special which was the rock cod. It was prepared over a bed of vegetables. Very good flavor and fresh.   The service was attentive and friendly but was a bit slow. The waiter would say that he's put down his platter and be right back to take our order only to assist another table. If you're not in a rush or super hungry, then that's fine..enjoy and relax...else, try to put in your order as soon as you can.   The restaurant is very clean/modern looking.  

                Came here on a whim right near opening time. Was promptly seated by a very friendly hostess. Had menus and water almost instantly. The waiter came around and told us about the specials, one of which we decided to order (salmon salad). The other thing we had was the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich.  Everything was perfect. The chicken was the juiciest and most tender friend chicken I have ever had. I'm still blown away that it was white meat. The home made chips were perfect.  The salmon salad was exquisite. The waiter recommended the salmon be cooked to medium, which we agreed with. And it was cooked just right. The salad portion was wonderful. Just the right amount of sweet and tartness.   I would come back again and I'd recommend both of these dishes.   Service was stellar! Food was just as good!  

                Third time here for dinner - except for maybe one dish food was perfect and service was attentive.  Manager also checked up on us.  The appetizers we tried included grill octopus salad and marinated olives.  Octopus was tender and flavorful - only wished there was more of it!  Cherry tomatoes and beans accompanied the dish.  For entrees, wife got the steak frites cooked medium - it is as good as I remember it last time.  Perfectly juicy and tender hanger steak, with a generous portion of fries gremolata, and bed of arugula salad.  The disappointment was my dish - cider brined porkchop that was a bit overcooked and chewier and drier than I'd like.  The polenta cake and ratatouille sides were good, but the star of the dish was not their best.  For excellent pork chop, Peasant and Pear is the place!  Next time, I'll stick to the steak frites or get a fish dish at Esin.  Desserts offered some great consolation - we ordered two and there was great debate as to which was better.  My wife enjoyed her orange-blackberry bread pudding (super smooth, and that brandy sauce!).  My dish was the coconut tart - one of the best I've ever had - smooth, rich coconut cream filling on top of shredded coconut and a nice crust.  It barely needed the chocolate but hey, why not.  As usual their black coffee is bold yet smooth and helped wash everything down.  

                First time at this restaurant, and the service was really good.  Receptionist was very accommodating considering I got seated before the reservation time.  Waiter was friendly and informative.  Very pricey for mediocre food.  Not sure what the hype is about, but this place is a bit overrated.  The food isn't bad but not super great either.  Minus 1 star.  It's hard to make reservations due to the small restaurant size.  Just to clarify - this is NOT a spacious restaurant!  Tables are pretty close to each other.  I guess the restaurant is trying to use more real-estate to stuff more customers in.  Minus 1 star.  Probably wouldn't come back ever again.  

                Have been wanting to come here for a long time so finally we came for Valentine's dinner.  We did the food pairing with wine.  The wines were magnificent and the food was good.  I expected a little more for my filet in terms of the juiciness/texture.  I eat steak a lot and frequent steakhouses so perhaps I've been spoiled on that front.  Still ambience was great and did I say the wine was magnificent?!  

                Red wine flight 4/5 Scallops 5/5 Steak on scalloped potatoes 5/5 Peanut butter and chocolate pie 4/5 Apple pie 5/5 Brussels sprouts 4/5 Service 5/5  What a great spot for dinner with friends or a business meal in Danville. Worth a try!  

                Do you ever have a perfect night?  A perfect meal?  We did!  Went for my husband's birthday, they greeted him warmly.  We had wild arugula salad, it was crisp and delicious.  The oysters were so good we ordered another round.  The phyllo wrapped chicken was perfect.  So were the scallops.  And the creme brûlée, I'm glad the waiter took the dish before I started licking it.  Loved the lemon basil martini, it was sweet perfection.  The waitstaff, every person we interacted with, was kind, funny and genuine.  It wasn't a cheap meal, adding in a few more drinks got us to $150 before tip, but I'd go back again for sure!  It was so nice to have a babysitter, have a great meal, and celebrate a birthday in the most perfect way.  

                I looked on the "Bring Fido" app for dog friendly restaurants near my hotel in Pleasanton and Esin popped up. It was a gorgeous and sunny 80 degrees so patio dining sounded fabulous.   This restaurant is located in the Rose Garden shopping center in Danville. It is the most charming place!! We walk to the front door and I am holding my puppy and a gentleman, I presume the manager, greets us warmly and welcome us to the patio. He was so nice to us and especially nice to my puppy! Everyone was so nice and excited to see my baby boy. I was not expecting that much kindness from such a nice place. :)   They even have water bowls on the patio and they cleaned one out and brought one with freshwater to my dog. I secured my dog by leash to my chair, he only weighs 5 pounds so this was very convenient.   Five stars because they love dogs... But the food! OMG! So good! We had the flat bread to start, I had the prawn salad and my date had the pot roast. It was delicious! They also have a great wine list!   This is a nice place in a gorgeous setting that served very yummy food! I can't wait to be back.  

                Sparse, elegant European decor.  Very nice lighting, chandeliers, and art work. It was a little chilly for a rainy night though- I noticed I wasn't the only one who left my jacket on!  Solid, capable service.  We both had the steak, cooked on the rare side, and served with tender sauteed spinach and a gratin of potato. Food was well prepared and of high quality, however it was surprisingly bland.    The wine list was extensive and carefully chosen.  My husband enjoyed the homemade baklava for dessert.  The coffee was also excellent.  We had a very nice experience at Esin, but with so many worthy restaurants in the Bay area, I am not sure that I will be back.  

                I'll still go back to Esin, but.... Our son took us to dinner this past Sunday and I give our selections the following ratings: 1. We had their special cocktails and as usual very good. 2. My son and I shared raw oysters and the taste was almost non existent for an oyster. The menu does not state the origin of the oysters. They were also quite small. 3. My wife and son shared the Mystic Salad which they said was delicious 4. I had the Today soup, Cream of Mushroom and it was excellent  5. Entrees: son had Lamb Shank and it was excellent, wife had Salmon over couscous and lentil that was very good, and I had the Grilled Dry Rubbed New York Steak. I normally do not order steak at a restaurant because on occasion it's been inconsistent in quality. Since no other entree appealed to me that evening, I ordered the steak because our server said it was delicious and melted in your mouth. Well, WRONG. I asked for it medium rare and it was more on the medium-well done side. It was chewy, had sinew, really lacked flavor, and was dry (not a pun). The accompaniments with it were very good and did lend flavor to my otherwise disappointing steak. My NY steak was also served in two pieces which I've never seen done before. It left me with the impression that it was Sunday night and this was the only steak remaining. I did not say anything to our server but I was not pleased especially at $28.95. I did not share my disappointment with my wife and son at the time but mentioned it to my wife the following morning. Moral of this experience: I will continue not to order steak in a restaurant. I'll buy it at Lunardi's and prepare it myself. We will go back to Esin but I'll be sure to look at their menu online to view their entree selections before making a reservation. So, that's my story. By the way, our server was very good and has been with Esin for about 6 months. He was very helpful in discussing the entrees and abided to our request of not being rushed especially since it was a special evening for us with our son in town.  We've been to their sister restaurant, Revel Kitchen & Bar a couple of times, and on each occasion, I've had the short rib and it is OUTSTANDING. My wife prepares an excellent short rib from Lunardi's and Revel is now a major competitor to hers. Don't tell her this! We do prefer Esin Restaurant & Bar for its ambience but that's because we're part of the older crowd!!!  Bon Appetit  

                After showing up for our reservation, the hostess took a look at where she had originally planned to seat our party. She then switched us from the main area to a booth set back by the bathroom, totally away from all the other diners. Why? Who knows. Maybe we didn't look as fancy as she wanted us to. I had my very first Pretty Woman moment... and now I know how Julia felt. Either way, the restaurant was empty when we arrived, so I really cannot understand why they'd tuck us away in a corner.   So we're sitting in the booth that has a view of the bathroom hallway, and our waitress was very quick to wait on us, answer questions, describe the specials, and so on. I thought she was great.   The food was alright. I tried the fig flatbread based on yelp reviews and my mouth was bored to tears. The bread was like yeasty white pizza dough and the flavors just didn't mix together well. The upside is that it's huge and can be split with everyone at your table (just so you don't have to eat it yourself).   The best parts of the meal were the salad (hard to mess that up) and the wine flight. It was nice to be able to sample some wines I hadn't heard of.  I wish I could have liked Esin more, because it seems like it's very popular with a lot of people. I hope the management takes note that the hostess started the evening off with a bad taste in our mouths, and this proceeded to make the rest of our Esin experience taste sour.  

                This place rocks! I had no idea we were coming here for dinner since reservations were a surprise. I have to say I will definitely be back, everything we ordered was exceptional. Even the one item that we didn't like (the goat cheese) the server gave us a replacement cheese. I highly recommend either the hanger steak w fries or the New York steak. Both were ordered medium rare but the New York came out medium which wasn't a big deal but the chef made me another one that was medium rare. One of the best steals I've ever had, the manager even came by and gave us a free dessert because the steak was overcooked.  It's one thing to have great food but combine that with 5 star service and this place has it all!  Thanks for a great dinner experience!!  

                Rating restaurant purely on food is just not fair.  An experience in a restaurant especially with one such as this has to include the service.  Tuesday evening being busy is a great sign for a restaurant.  Despite how busy it was, we were promptly seated for our 5:30pm reservation.  Our waitress was excellent checking in on us during the right times especially when the three of us intensely catching up.  We really appreciated that.   The manager was also very attentive and checking in on us regularly.  The service deserves a 4.5.  With that said, the overall food only deserved 3.5.  All the dishes were ho hum.  The best dish we shared was a pecan tart and the chocolate bread pudding.  The appetizers were decent but out of this world.  We had a filo stuffed chicken and a grilled salmon.  Neither was that great!  The wine list was not extensively but it was good.  We had couple of bottles of bubbles and our total ticket including bubbles was around $400 for 3 ladies.  The bathroom was just an ok too.  Overall with the service, I would definitely revisit!  Until next time, ciao!  

                Returned this evening for a warm welcome from my regulars.  Martinis were chilled, icy in fact- and perfection. Aaahhhh! Johnny is the best bartender and Joe took great care of us.  Absolutely the best restaurant in Danville- hands down!  

                I've dined at Esin 3 times now, and their food and service are consistent and superb!  1 work lunch, 1 friend dinner and 1 birthday lunch later, I am most definitely a fan of this talented's family's wares!  The vibe in here is also totally accessible - classy yet comfortable!  My most recent visit was a Sunday afternoon for lunch, with a reservation made on Open Table with a note about it being my birthday.  We were seated with no wait, and the restaurant was only about half full despite being close to the holidays - a nice surprise!  My mom had perused the menu a few days before our visit and insisted on trying the flatbread app, which varies with the seasons but has always been a meal highlight here.  Nothing wrong with a glamorous thin crust pizza topped with fig, pears, caramelized onions, walnuts and arugula with a drizzle of balsamic - a heavenly start!    Since I'm a fried chicken junkie, their buttermilk fried chicken sandwich called to me, and it was pretty darn good.  Chicken breast was massive and tasty - a little juicier would have been preferred, I chalked it up to the thickness of the cut.  Toppings were fresh with a bit of heat, and housemade potato chips were very good and not overly salted.    As our grand finale, cuz you cannot set foot in Esin without having dessert, we tried their cranberry white chocolate bread pudding, which was just as much holiday happiness as it sounds!  Fresh cranberries bursting with flavor, and the pudding was custardy and divine.  It was also served with a couple of birthday candles, but not accompanied by a server serenade - which I was 100% ok with.  :)    Esin's strengths are their mindblowing desserts made fresh by the shop's namesake, and their consistency with always presenting quality food at good prices, with professional and low pressure service.  Not the most exciting restaurant you'll ever visit, but definitely a pleasant one .  

                Came here for lunch after reading all the rave reviews here.  Perhaps our expectations weretoo high but was really expecting something fantastic. But sadly, the two dishes we had were pretty bland.  My wife agreed as well.  Anytime I need to add salt and pepper to a dish means it lacks flavor.  On the plus side, prices are decent, they make great martinis and the service was great.  Just wish the tables weren't so close together not a great place to have intimate conversations....  

                Having a lot of food allergies it is very hard to eat out most of the time. I find it hard to trust places, but this place was great! I contacted the owner via email ahead of time to see if they would be able to accommodate a gluten free, dairy free, and garlic free meal. Of course they were able to and even on a Saturday night at 6:30pm. Me and my friend came in and when we checked in I learned that all my allergies were on the reservation which made me feel great! The best part of the night was our waitress who was just so informed of my situation. I apologized from the get go, but she said no that was not necessary and said I was there "special guest" which made me feel so comfortable as opposed to being something difficult. The chef had an idea of a meal for me before I got there. It was salmon, with roasted potatoes, vegetable, with a tomato vinaigrette and fava beans. It was so delicious! Our waitress also helped me and my friend pick out glasses of wine and we even got samples which was nice. This has now become my new spot for special occasions!  As a side not for those with Celiac disease they label the items on the menu for which ones are gluten free, but if you have other allergies I would give them a heads up just so they are prepared. This place always seems to be busy, but looks like they could just about accommodate anybody.  

                Esin is the perfect date night restaurant.  The food is always amazing, the service is excellent and the Pear and Ginger Martini is the best!  

                Great quick lunch. Delicious hamburger with home made fries. Always a treat to eat here. Service is a little slow during lunch but the yummy food makes it a worth while place to eat. Try the desserts, they are delicious. Made fresh daily. My favorite is their bread pudding!  

                What an great meal and great service!  Kirstin was our waitress and she was extremely professional and friendly.  She took excellent care of us.  The chicken was so moist and delicious as was the fried chicken sandwich! We went for lunch and even though they were busy we never felt rushed.  Try and sit in a booth, it's really the best spot for a relaxing and enjoyable meal!  

                Amazing service! From the waiter to the manager to the other waiters, I think they all shook my hand before, during, and after dinner! I came here with a friend 30 minutes or so before they were scheduled to close and luckily one table was open and I was happy at the decision to dine here for my first time.  I got the NY Steak which was served with Yukon Gold Potatoes, English Pea Purée, Baby Carrots, and Mushrooms. I also added Grilles Jumbo Shrimp. Delicious! My friend got the Pot Roast which was served with mashed potatoes which she really enjoyed.  The best part of dinner was dessert, we had the blueberry bread pudding which was amazing! It was warm and soft and just heaven in your mouth. I would have that again and again.  

                Had a very nice dinner at Esin, but I'm sad to say both my husband and I were disappointed in our entree.  The waitress highly recommended the cod and shrimp...very bland and lacking a tasty sauce.  The sides were rather bland too. Our guests rave about the salmon and ordered it again...not their favorite this time as well. We did have dessert, of course, which was dynamite!  Chocola te brownie and pecan pie were heavenly.  Maybe drinks and dessert next time!!  

                If I was just going off of my first experience at Esin, it would have been 5 stars.  However, this is a combo review - and the second experience ruined it.  My first trip to Esin was fantastic- we met a work partner for lunch and had a great time.  Awesome food, great wine, and helpful, friendly service.  I was so excited to have tried Esin and immediately started making future reservations.   One of those future reservations was for a team happy hour on the Monday before Christmas.  I booked a 7-person reservation for 5:30pm, and we planned to do some shared food and drinks.  When I called in a few hours before the reservation to confirm our count - the woman on the phone was incredibly rude.  She let me know that "most people during the week of Christmas who make a reservation were coming in for a 4-course meal and drinks" so she wasn't sure if they could accommodate our lighter food and drink plan.  Her tone on the phone was unbelievable- it's been a long time since someone sounded so snobby to me.  She put me on hold for a few minutes, and came back to say "ok, we can hold your table for 7."  But at that point, I offered to find a reservation elsewhere and she encouraged it.  So, I cancelled the reservation for our party of 7 and took our business across the parking lot to Maria Maria- who couldn't have been happier to have us.  I also just cancelled another reservation that I had setup for a post-holiday dinner at Esin, because I will not support a business who treats customers like that.  I spoke to more than one person there who was equally as rude about our cancellation.  These are the type of businesses and people who give Danville a bad stereotype.  If Esin has some kind of "policy" that they only serve certain types of meals and parties during certain times of the year- they should make that clear when you call in to make the original reservation.   I work in the event planning industry and would have used this restaurant plenty of times in the future, but I won't anymore.  

                Esin does a few things very well: service, ambiance, fries, Meze platter, and desserts.  However, after coming here for about 3 years, I've noticed that their menu has barely changed. Maybe I'm too spoiled, but I've become used to restaurants that change their menu on at least a biweekly basis- and from what I've seen, Esin usually only adds two new dishes every once in a while. I think that the good reviews for Esin mainly come from the fact that good restaurants in Danville are severely lacking. And I mean, severely. In a big city, I don't think Esin would be deemed worthy of four stars.  I wouldn't say it's worth a trip, but if you live in Danville/San Ramon, it doesn't hurt to eat here.  

                Great place to catch up with friends and enjoy a very pleasant ambiance and well prepared dinner.  Our server was very professional, friendly and attentive.  We ordered fresh oysters (oops we ate them all before I remembered  to take a picture sigh...and it was so prettily plated), also ordered the ahi special with potato cakes and the pot roast.  The sauce paired with the ahi was absolutely delicious.  Great food and excellent service.  

                Great food, service and atmosphere.  I had the Risotto with prawns and my wife had the Salmon.  Both were prepared beautifully and served at the right temperature.  Make sure you book a reservation as it was quite busy for a Tuesday evening.  

                Yelpers have done a great job reviewing Esin in detail, and I think the high ratings are accurate. Our recent visit here was a solid 4-star experience, from the delicious food to the well-made cocktails and impeccable service.   Not every entree here is a winner, but we will definitely return  

                The food deserves five stars but the service brings the overall experience down to two.  

                My first visit here for lunch and we were thoroughly impressed. The interior is very stylish and inviting, our server couldn't have been nicer and the food was exquisite. My crab cake appetizer was up there with the best I have ever had. Very clean while not being bogged down with globs of mayo. My entree was the sole. Not something I would normally order in that sole entrees tend to be largely bland for my taste. The sole at esin was perfectly cooked with a nice lemon and caper sauce that added some nice finishing notes. Not much else to say that hasn't been said already...  

                Has the feel of a very upscale neighborhood bistro.  A wonderful dining experience.    Make sure you don't skip dessert.  

                Holy Amazing Flatbread!  The fig, blue cheese, balsamic goodness that I ordered for a starter was out of this world!  I could eat that flatbread everyday!  Perfect mixture of salty, sweet, sour and bitter.  Loved it!  Also, it is enough for 2-3 people.   I also had the risotto and it was tasty as well.  Big chunks of butternut squash and a glob of pesto on top.  YUM.   Our server was great.  We asked about wine and he picked a very well priced bottle for us, as opposed to the most expensive one.  Appreciate that!  We also sat outside under the heater, which was lovely!  Great date night!  

                Everything I ordered was delicious, from the wine flight to the food. They had great service, and the environment's nice. A bit more of a Baby Boomer/bougie crowd than I am used to, but we were treated well despite sticking out like sore thumbs.  

                Once again this place did not fall short of anything    Service was spectacular. I couldn't believe how attentive the waiters were without being intrusive.   We started with the pei mussels which had A creamy tomato base. 7/10  Caesar salad split in two plates. A heavy amount of cheese which made it satisfying.   I enjoyed the dry rubbed New York steak and fries. They perfectly cooked it medium rare and it was so tender it almost tasted like ribeye.  The arugula was very flavorful with a tangy dressing and the fries were not greasy and very crispy.   The girlfriend enjoyed the FILO wrapped chicken. Although we weren't expecting a crumble type of fried skin.   The only complaint I have would be the bread that is served. It has a tendency to taste about 2 days old with a very chewy crust.   Will definitely be coming back!!  

