                Omg! Wow,  my husband ordered the falafel sandwich. I had a bite. ...well I had to order me one too,  that's how great it was. Fresh, fresh, fresh! Worth every cent! Give it a try. ...  

                Such nice people. Very warm and friendly. The falafel sandwich was delicious. Will come back.  

                I've literally eaten a hundred of this mans Falafels and Gyros, and help sell a thousand more to friends and family by bringing them to his stand. His food is great! Only problem is (and the only reason I'm only giving 4 stars) he's barely been around our market lately, and seems sporadic at others. We look forward to his falafel, only to end up giving our business to the Mexican food stand or the someone else, wishing we were eating FRESH FALAFEL! Come back to CHAMPS more consistently please, or better yet, open a small Falafel shop that never moves :)  Add me as a friend if you "Feel" my review!  

                This is a tent that pops up at farmers' markets around San Jose. I ran into them at the Santa Clara Valley Medical Center last Wednesday.  These guys offer a falafel sandwich for $7. I decided that I wanted to down some meat, so I ordered the gyro for $8. My friend ordered the four falafel balls, which seemed pretty dang pricey at $5. Not sure if the cashier was on his game but I actually had to ask him about how to pay for my order after I walked off to wait without paying up. Also, he didn't fill out a ticket for my friend's order, so we waited an unnecessarily long time.  After sitting down to eat, I sampled one ball from my friend's falafel order. It was pretty good. I wouldn't say it's necessarily better or worse than other falafels out there, but it's cool that they can make this out of a tent. As for my gyro, I did enjoy most of the ingredients, but the mint was overpowering and spoiled the experience. If they're going to charge me a higher price than brick-and-mortar eateries (for example, the large falafel sandwich at Falafel's Drive-In is $5.75), then they need to deliver something comparable or better, and I don't think I quite received that kind of food.  Give them a try though. Maybe you'll like it.  

                I LOVE THIS FOOD STAND! i go every Saturday to the Kaiser Hospital parking lot ( At Kaiser Permanente San Jose: Santa Teresa Blvd.) to spoil myself with the food they sell. i know some of you make say the price a bit high but honestly they are so worth that extra $1-$2 and i will tell you why:  - they are very clean,  unlike a lot of restaurants. they even wash their veggies  at the stand so they got nothing to hide from customers -they are very nice people -customer service is great - bread tastes fresh,unlike Drive-In falafel restaurant - i try to support small and private owned businesses - the flavor is unlike others, unique,fresh and homemade  for all that, i don't mind putting that extra dollar or two on my bill ! SO WORTH IT!  Ohhh, and sometimes,they sell Shawarma and if you see that in the menu thats your lucky day because its AMAZING!  Also, try the garlic sauce and the delicious gyro (  RECOMMENED)  I will see you guys on Saturday! :)  

                Five stars for one of the best Falafel sandwiches I've had in the US. I had a lot of them btw: )Friendly folks and delicious sandwichs. Clean and tidy as well! I'll come back again! !  

                I love their falafels!! Yummy! i have tries some of their other food, mana bread, baklava, and hummus.  The baklava was as expected, very yummy, the mana bread was good but nothing spectacular, and the hummus was unimpressive.  I have been a customer for about 3 years at the Farmer's Market in SOuth San Jose on Saturday mornings.  I get a falafel sandwich almost every Saturday, I'm addicted.  The falafel balls are fried to perfection! The prices are a little steep, but nothing that deters me from being a loyal customer  

                Falafel Fresh, I just wanted to thank you so much for the incredible vegan baklava that you made for our wedding!!!  We had a number of vegetarians and your baklava was an absolute hit!  Thank you again for everything!  I can't wait to come to the market and get some falafel and baklava.  Even though I don't live in San Jose, your falfafel Sandwiches are always so fresh and tasty that I've been craving one bad - so we will definitely be visiting Evergreen soon! :D  

                BEST FALAFELS EVER. They're made fresh, and taste so damn good. Get the falafel sandwich and you'll never - ever - want a falafel from the drive in again. The owner is super friendly and passionate about making food that's fresh and good for you. But the food really speaks for itself. The falafels are fried on the spot (in canola), and come out deliciously crunchy on the outside and fluffy in. Per the owner, he makes the falafels fresh -- no powders or convenient mixes, but real garbanzo beans, herbs and spices. The tahini sauce has just the right amount of acid to keep every bite alive, and adds a wonderful creaminess that's sooo delicious and satisfying. Everything is wrapped in an organic, whole wheat pita. Could things get any better? Oh yes -- today, I came across a hint of fresh mint in my sandwich! Score! And... it's vegan! I haven't had their gyros because I'm too in love with the falafel sandwich. Highly recommend it even if you are a carnivorous beast through and through. Find them at farmers' markets around SJ (SCVMC on Wednesdays 10AM-2PM), and hopefully a B&M location soon!  

                Was craving for Falafels, but too lazy to go to Falafels Drive In.  So I decided to give this place a try.    The Falafels balls are good, but I'm not sure if its my sandwich but it is SUPER sour (overdid on the lemon juice/sauce maybe?) that I couldn't taste the rest of the ingredients.  Now my stomach feels weird. Too much acid.    Price-wise,  it is $7 for a Falafels sandwich here.  Falafels Drive In is $8 for a large Falafels sandwich and a Banana shake! Much better value.    -1 star for value -1 star for my super sour-tasting sandwich   The people are friendly there though.  

                Love this place! So fresh, nice staff, family owned. I come here just about every weekend at the kaiser Santa Teresa FM and I get a falafel for myself and a gyro for the hubs, we absolutely love it. The freshness of the ingredients can't be beat. I want to the falafel drive inn...um can u say LOW quality? Nothing beats this place  

                One of my favorite places to eat.  Too bad they are only here (at the Evergreen Farmer's Market) on Wednesdays and Sundays.  The number one thing that I like about eating here is that it is a family owned restaurant, so they always remember the way I like my falafel sandwich.  I order it without tahini, but sub it for tzaziki and I like it extra spicy.  They make your food on spot, so it is always warm when you get your meal.  They also offer samples of different foods that they sell to try for yourself before ordering.    Their prices are good at only $5-6 a sandwich. They also offer gyros, soups, and different plate options.    I would definitely recommend checking this place out!  

                Great gyros.  Service is friendly and the gyro with tzatziki is awesome.  I get mine spicy which kicks it up a notch.  The lettuce and tomato are always super fresh and the lamb/beef is great.  The gyros are made to order.  Catch them at the Champs Farmers Market at Via Valiente at Almaden Expressway on Sundays @ the old PW Market shopping center - 6946 Almaden Expressway San Jose, CA 95120  

                Ibraham is a super guy, so generous and genuinely wants you to enjoy his food.  He comes from a large family of serious cooks and it shows.  His food is amazing and it's fitting that FRESH is in the company name.  It doesn't get any fresher than this.  Can't wait for the next farmer's market! Yum!!  

                I agree with everyone who gave this 4 stars or better. This is the best! I haven't seen anyone mention the baklava, though, which is fabulous! They also cater, so if you can't wait to go to the market, have them come to you!  

                This is by far the very best Falafel I have ever had...ever. The owner, Ibrahim Hamanjy is so sweet, and enthusiastic about his passion for his food. I had a falafel sandwich and a vegan soup (lentil, but I can't remember the name of it now). They were both SO fantastic, I bought another sandwich for dinner tonight. I discovered them on the new Friday Farmers market on the corner of Curtner and Meridian in a church parking lot. The food was so incredible, I cannot begin to describe it. Fresh parsely, toasted sesame seeds, tzatzki, tahini to die for. The falafel are perfect, and I will drive all over San Jose, to find him at different farmers markets.  Thank you Mr. Hamamjy, I will see you soon!  

                Yum! I get to enjoy these guys 1 x week during downtown farmers market. I love that the falafels are super fluffy and they sometimes put mint inside of it- double yum! Always fresh and always tasty. :)  

                I've had falafels before but not like this.  It's perfection!  Everything about their falafel is perfect.  The lentil soup they have is tasty and filling.  The baklava is to die for.  Great Food!  

                I can't say enough good things about this place. Excellent Greek and Middle Eastern food!  The food is fresh and delicious. They use quality ingredients, from the pita to the olive oil to the mint to the tahini sauce.   For vegetarians and vegans - this is an excellent eating place. I count seven vegan items on the menu.   I frequent this place almost every week. They serve a very delicious Mana bread, which is has a tasty Zataar (thyme spread), with fresh tomatoes, mint and Kalamata olives.  Really hearty lentil soups too.  

                Stumbled upon this place at the new farmer's market in a church parking lot near meridian and curtner down the street from my house. Oh my, I am so glad I did! The guy that runs this place (I have forgotten his name now), is SO nice- he offered my sister and I samples of pretty much everything on the menu and I could barely decide what to get. I ended up getting an order of dolmas and falafels with tahini and tzatziki and my sister got a falafel wrap. I love Greek food more than any other kind of food so I am very picky about it, and I honestly think this is the best I've had in the Bay Area. I will follow this guy to every farmers market to get my fix, but hopefully he'll get a permanent storefront soon! And next time I'm getting some soup because one of the samples he gave me was AMAZING! Can't wait to go back soon!  

                By far the best falafel I have had!  I stumbled across Falafel Fresh at the farmer's market and boy what a great treat it was.  I often eat falafels at various markets, but this by far beat the rest.  Not only are the ingredients fresh, organic and healthy, but the prices were also very reasonable!  Oh plus...they also had a great menu with MANY different options to satisfy any craving.  If only they could come to the Campbell farmers market closer to my home...  Either way, it was a great treat!  

                Best falafel ever! Fava bean salad is to die for. Mana bread is my favorite. Great food and customer service. I hope they open a store soon cause I constantly crave mana bread.  

