                Seriously perfect dinner last night - food, meat, service, cocktails, desserts, coffee - EVERYTHING was Spot On!   Yay! Dining experiences like these restore your faith in humanity and put an extra sprint in your step. I am going to be be humming while I think of this meal for at least the next month - it was that good!!   Farmers Daughter cocktail with Hangar One Vodka is a must have.  Wedge salad is old school decadence  Spicy Green Beans - cooked perfectly and taste fresh Creamed Spinach - cheesy perfection My petite filet had a nice salty brined outside and was a perfect medium rare  Baked potato - simply perfect  Chocolate Lava Cake - gooey goodness Cheesecake - super good too!   All in all, it was a delightful experience from start to finish. Not cheap but worth it for a special meal. Loved it!  

                I now have a new favorite steakhouse. This place is awesome and the service was great. I didn't give it 5 stars because they over cooked my husbands ribeye and we had to send it back. The second time around was perfect and he said it was the best steak he's ever had and trust he's had his fair share of steaks from the best!!!! The manager comped the mistake and the rest of dinner was great. We'll definitely be back again and again and again.   Now on to the perks. They have a very extensive wine list and they give you a wine pad (iPad) to go through over 100 wines by the glass and a plethora of wines by the bottle, there's also some specialty cocktails listed.   All in all this place is great! The steaks are simply delicious and what you should expect from a popular steakhouse (worth every penny)  

                We ate here in early March 2015 to enjoy the $6 menu at the bar from (5PM to 7PM daily).  We had the fried calamari which you should request sauce on the side otherwise they dump watery onions and bell peppers on it and it gets mushy.  I prefer to order it dry then get mayo or ranch dressing on the side so it stays crunchy.    We had the Burrata cheese appetizer which was very bland and could have used balsamic or something to flavor the cheese (pass on this one).  We also had the Beef Carpaccio which was awesome and the burger which had to be sent back as it was well done, but when we got it again it was perfectly mid rare and scrumptious.  We substituted onion rings instead of fries which are the best onion rings on the planet. The burger is a dollar more ($7) which they took off the bill for over cooking the first one.  This was plenty of food for two people.    We finished with the 6 doughnut holes with two dipping sauces (blueberry/lemon) which were delicious but heavy.  Great cocktails and drinks, I like how they have 3, 6, or 9 oz. wine pours, so tasting several wines at once is easy.  From 8PM to 10PM apps go up to $8 but they have a much greater selection.  I highly recommend this place though this time we had issues.   Service was very attentive but not rushed.  If you eat in the dining room, stick with the specials like the $40 complete prime rib diner including desert (Sundays only).  Or the steak and lobster 3 course meal for only $45 thru 4/1. You get an 8 oz. filet and 8 oz. lobster tail!  This is a great deal considering their beef quality is superb. Reservations are recommended as the specials keep this restaurant full daily.  They even take reservations for the bar area. Also parking structure is never full so self-park and save $7 valet.  Enjoy!  

                We had a Wow experience here.  From the moment we made the reservation online, all the way to finishing our dinner, it was very welcoming and satisfying.  On our reservation, I noted that we were celebrating my dad's birthday and I wanted to make everything super special for him.  At around 12pm we received a call confirming our reservation for 5pm.  The person who called us was very polite and professional.   When we arrived at their valet parking,  someone from the parking lot led us to the door & held the door open for all of us to enter.  Inside we were immediately greeted and given a seat closer to the wine cellar, where you can view a great selections of wine.  The place is very upscale.  The menu had endless selection of steak, appetizers, and desserts.  The prime rib special is $39.95 every Sunday and it comes with soup or salad plus dessert.  We started out with complemetary bread that was served hot with some nice flavored butter.  Soup & Salad was great way to start our meal.  The rib eye steak stood out of the menu..........the dry aged rib eye steak was an excellent choice.  It cost $30 more than what you would pay for the special, but it was all worth it at the end.  It was cooked to perfection and filled with flavors that were not over powering the steak.  Love Love Love the Prime rib also.  It was cooked just like I requested it.....medium ware.  My dad was greeted as the birthday celebrant by many employees who was attending our table.  I thought that was a nice way to acknowledge his birthday.  Overall we had a superb service.  Even the general manager came over to introduced himself, and hang out at our table entertaining us until close to receiving our main course.  Sorry,  I didn't catch his name.....He's tall, 45 year old Filipino manager who was raised in New York.  ;)  Thanks for the warm welcome! ~ Not to mention, my dad was given a $25.00 complimentary gift card to use for next visit along with a box of truffles for his birthday.  Something we did not expect.  We ended our meal with a choice of dessert.  Lava Cake, Raspberry cheesecake, & Creme Brulee to end our nicely presented meal.  This morning I got a thank you email for choosing their Steakhouse.   We will be back for sure..................hopefully soon.  

                This was my first time at this restaurant and I decided to take my girlfriend for Valentine's Day and our anniversary. Very great environment for a date and drinks  We ordered two prime ribs, lobster Mac and cheese, Flemings potatoes and a lava cake for dessert. The prime ribs were cooked to perfection. I didn't care too much for the Mac and cheese, it wasn't "cheesy" enough for my liking. The lobster on it was a little over cooked. However, I loved the potatoes, I think it's a must get at this restaurant. I was so full at this point but the lava cake hit the spot. Also, since it was our anniversary they gave us a complimentary 25$ and some Oreo truffles! I didn't expect that at all. I tried the truffles the following day and they were amazing, I wish I had more than 4! I hope to come back one day and try something new.  

                TL;DR:  Everyone I'm sure has written about the quality of the steaks.  I'm instead going to comment on the service.  Came here to celebrate my birthday with myself and 3 others. Decided against appetizers, settled for salads and steaks.  Myself and one other ordered the bone in rib eye, wet aged, and I believe the other two orders were filet's.  Salad was good, but when the two rib eyes were placed in front of us, I was a immediately a little concerned about the appearance of mine.  It looked like it had been cooked well, but the actual steak itself looked....diminutive next to my companions.  Granted, it was towards the end of the evening mid week, but when paying the prices you pay here for meat, I would expect every single cut of meat to be spectacular.  As I dug in and tasted it, indeed, it was cooked well and seasoned well, but this particular piece had too much silver skin and gristle for a prime piece of meat. There was a HUGE chunk of fat in the middle that was about the size of a half dollar.  There's a significant difference between proper marbling and what I encountered with this particularly steak.  I worked through what I could, but there was a decent amount of un-chewable remainder left on the plate.  Now, I wasn't angry, per say, more disappointed.  Everyone else's cuts were perfect, large, meaty, well marbled and tender.  Mine just happened to be the one that some how slipped through their kitchen when it probably shouldn't have ever made it near the grill.  I commented on my opinions of this particular piece of meat to the waitress, who apparently in turn mentioned it to the manager.  He was kind enough to comp my steak, as well as provide a gift card incentive to return.  I hadn't been seeking any remuneration, nor asked for any, but they made a point of apologizing profusely and doing what they could to make the experience better in my mind.  I've stated before that I value service as much as product, and this would a good example of where that comes from.  Every establishment will have its off nights, and when they come, its important for customer retention to go that extra little bit to make them happy.   I will definitely be back, excited to try again.  

                Meh...Not incredibly impressed by Flemings but there are some notable pluses.   First off, the valet kids HUSTLE. Very polite and they definitely work hard for their money (fat tips to them as we appreciate hard working people).   Second impression: The pissy-faced seating "hostesses." This is what set the tone for the experience by the way. We walk in and wait for a short, younger girl to get off the phone. We were there closely after they opened and went on a whim, because my parents rave about this place so we did not have a reservation and were celebrating some newly acquired news about our business. Um...yeah I get it, but this is Walnut Creek on a Monday night, not Beverly Hills on a Friday night (Which is something we experience often). So the seating "hostess" snarls at us that they can seat us but we need to be done eating in an hour and fifteen minutes. I said sure, but in my mind I was thinking, "yeah...sure honey, $300-$400 for dinner and I am going to take all the time I need.   We were seated by this joyful individual, who was 5 foot, nothing, dressed like she should have been standing behind a cash register somewhere with a long sleeve white T-shirt, Black Bra and a lace back & chintzy jewelry. Very "classy." My thing is, if you're going to act like you're all that, at least attempt to look the part. Styles for Less need not apply.   She did not even offer us the option for black napkins, turns on her cheap little heel and stalks off back to her drawbridge.   Our waiter comes by and introduces himself and he was an absolute joy the entire time we were there. Very well versed and trained in proper restaurant etiquette, which I would expect from Flemings.   Drinks: We got a reserve bottle of Silver Oak Cabernet (speak for itself, as it was glorious)   Food: Very tasty. We had their Prix Fixe menu that they were offering the entire week of New Years. Appetizer was prosciutto wrapped prawns. They were decent. We then had the Flemings Cesar Salad and that was very tasty and presented well. Finally we had the surf and turf lobster and Filet with a side of green beans and their Flemings potatoes. I don't eat potatoes often so these were a real treat and they were so yummy!   All in all, the food was good, waitstaff was good...but the way the experience started...will more than likely keep me going to Ruth Chris instead.  

                This place is soooooooooo (so) overpriced. I don't mind a paying for a decent steak but the food is so 'chain restaurant' tasting. Basic steakhouse far but over buttered and over salted. Pretty boring. Take your money to somewhere with an authentic edge (The Townhouse in Emeryville) and you'll get better bang for your buck.  

                Meat anyone?! After reading Al L.'s (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=8qpFUPR1wd3uz8N1QaWj_A">yelp.com/user_details?us…</a>) review and learning about their Sundays/Mondays prime rib special, we gathered a small group from the City for an early Sunday dinner.  Al told me about a Sunday and Monday promotion that they ran in August until Labor Day weekend for a prime rib dinner that included one salad, one side dish, and dessert for less than $40.00.  On top of that, if you were able to score Flemings' gift cards from Costco, you'd score an even bigger deal.  Here's what I tried:  Appetizer 1) Flemings salad (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=saJuyv784apZzH--psHZ3Q&select=WcBt66vjD6oxZNAxm0eicQ">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a>) - Enjoyed the nice variety of ingredients and the 1000 island dressing switch was very nice.  Entree 2)  Prime rib of beef, medium rare (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=saJuyv784apZzH--psHZ3Q&select=16BVCz9-B6JHEK1H4S94gg">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a>) - Cooked to the perfect temperature, the variety of sauces made it more interesting.    Sides (shared) 3). Flemings potatoes (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=saJuyv784apZzH--psHZ3Q&select=WO2MRZciMX88xpoz81BpFg">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a>) - A loaf of potatoes au gratin, this was decadent and rich.  Generous portions.  4)  Macaroni and cheese (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=saJuyv784apZzH--psHZ3Q&select=mOxfdqTUePFxy8WnXMp64Q">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a>) - Chipotle jalapeño flavor made this a little more interesting.  5) Grilled asparagus (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=saJuyv784apZzH--psHZ3Q&select=zyzNo6uoTV7gXAe611vnwA">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a>) - Stalks were on the older side and not so tender.  6) Sauteed mushrooms (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=saJuyv784apZzH--psHZ3Q&select=m2dPphDMoKaHj5NDR_zo8g">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a>) - Plenty for sharing but flavors didn't stand out.  Dessert 7) Chocolate souffle (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=saJuyv784apZzH--psHZ3Q">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a>) - Finished the ice cream while taking a few bites before packing for home.  It was less sweet than expected.  The food rates 3 to 3.5 stars as nothing really stood out.  Don't want to nitpick as the price makes this a relative bargain if you don't have drinks or add-ons like we did.  The manager and staff were very welcoming and made everyone comfortable; a suited gentleman took a group photo for us after seeing us play musical cameraman. The atmosphere is typical steakhouse, classy dark with an open kitchen.  We were seated in a smaller side dining room which was better noise level wise.  The bar had the Sunday night baseball game on as we waited to be seated.  Not sure if it was normal but several diners came in shorts and t-shirts, contrary to Yelp's 'dressy' listing. If we were in the area, this would be a good carnivore option.  However, living in the City, that place on Van Ness Avenue still holds my crown.  

                My family celebrated my mom's birthday here back in Feb. and I forgot to write a review.  The place is a little hard to find, but you can enter on Mt Diablo or through the second floor in the parking garage on the same street as the movie theatre. They also offer valet.  Doug provided us with great service and delicious food. My dad and I had the clam chowder for starters and lobster tempura. The lobster tempura was so delicious, but it does run a little bit salty.  For our entrees, my dad had the NY ribeye, while my mom and I split the filet minion. Yummmmy! Everything was nicely timed and felt relaxed. Doug gave us enough space for our family to enjoy my moms birthday. The manager came by to check on us, which we really appreciated. At the end they brought out chocolate truffles with a candle for my moms bday.   Overall the experience was great.  

                On the elevator ride down, a lovely elder couple asked where I was going with my date. I mentioned we were on our way to dinner, her nosed wrinkled and almost snorted out: Ruth Chris? I laughed delightfully, and said no, Flemings actually. She responded with a corresponding nod, almost approving and stepped out. Funny.   Arriving early in the pouring rain, my date and I decided to grab a Happy Hour drink before dinner at Flemings. Lovely interior and very cozy inside. We arrived right before five and it was quiet. But instantly, five hit and then the noise and ambiance began to fill the room. Great selection for happy hour from 5-7pm "5 for $6 till 7" and then a late night happy hour until 10pm. Full bar and the staff are attentive in the bar/lounge area. It's somewhat cramped, so look out for a table or be ready to stand and hang around. Currently, Blue Moon was their seasonal beer on tap for $3. We decided to nibble on some Chile Calamari (6) and Roasted Mushroom Ravioli (6). CC was delicious, super crispy with bell pepper bits, legs and rings included. The sauce was a slight kick, but sweet to the taste. The RMR included 3 large pastas, stuffed thick to the brim, covered with a buttery sauce. Everything was melt in your mouth delicious.   We headed down to the front counter and decided to get seated for our reservations. Sadly, our table was small and uncomfortable for our party of two, celebrating his birthday. But since I was already feeling buzzed, I let it slide. The staff at the front we not so welcoming and the customer service could of been better. Our waiter was attentive and always close enough so when we needed him (without hovering) he was there. I was a little bummed that he didn't mention the specials and off menu items that Flemings offered, but good thing I did my Yelp homework early.   Lobster Mac n Cheese (16.95) THANK YOU FOOD GODS because lobster mac and cheese is a gift. So cheesy and breaded on top with the most, succulent lobster to top it with. Pictures and words can't do it justice. Order it, thank me later.    Blood Orange Sangria (9.95) It's a seasonal item and on a specialize menu that comes with a winter precourse menu, but since it's a cocktail, you can order it separately. I highly recommend it, comes with a orange wedge garnish, and a tall chalice. It tasted delicious, wasn't overly sweet, yet had a kick and the blood orange gave it a perfect tart.  Scallops (22.95) I'm always hesitant to get scallops since I've encountered more bad scallops even at high end restaurants than good, and it's scared me off. But since I had the mushroom ravioli at happy hour, I decided the nothing was interesting enough to try on the appetizers, so I hopped over to the small plates. Scallops were phenomenal, with 4 jumbo perfectly seared scallops on both side, with that clear glistening in the center when sliced through. It came with a sauce and roasted vegetables on the side. True hero of the plate was still the scallops, and it had a slight sweetness to the char-which I loved.   Another reason I picked Flemings was my love for dry aged meat. It's hard to find places that specialize in dry aged, so definitely my first pick over Ruth Chris as well. They offer dry aged New York and Rib Eye (which we both ordered). I'm personally a fan and always New York over anything else. It was cooked to a BEAUTIFUL medium rare and each bite literally melted into your mouth. Some Yelpers have mentioned that it was overly salty. Initially I thought the same thing, but it was just the edged that wasn't trimmed. Great seasoning sauce choices. The peppercorn was delicious, but the house made "A1" sauce truly shined. Free with your steak, and I asked for it on the side. The steak itself was done perfect, with the char all over and the grill lines. You get a choice of steak companions and I opted for the truffled poached lobster (I like lobster, hehe). Explosive with flavor and only (70.90) and it was topped with caviar. Amazing.   My date got the King Crab with herb Butter (69) and that itself shined with natural flavors and that distinct dungeness crab from the Bay waters flavor in your mouth. The real deal here at Flemings when it comes to steak and pairings. A SOLID FIVE STARS for the food, hands down.   Sadly, I wasn't sold on the service that we received that night. It didn't blend well with the overall experience that I expected from a restaurant that holds themselves so high. It was MEH, and almost ruined my night but I guess the food shined so well and I was tipsy enough to let it slide. Some of the staff seemed to be too into chatting amongst themselves. Cole stopped by to check on us (manager?) But we never got to see him again to give him our thoughts on our experience.   Next time around, hoping for a five star experience  

                Looking for Happy hour? YEP Flemings has HH from 5p-7p Ambiance is lavish, but no need to dress up. The bar area was quite crowded but fortunately there was a booth open calling our names. We all know Flemings is well known for their steaks, but no steak today just some appetizers and drinks.  Selective cocktails/wine $5.00 and appetizers $6.00- since the menu was small, will take all of them and double the order LOL   HH FOOD:  Pan-crisped pork belly-Succulent and well seasoned  Roasted mushroom ravioli-Melts in your mouth  Tenderloin Carpaccio-Can I get a third serving please?  Baked Brie-We love cheese  Sweet Chile Calamari-Average  Service was friendly but some of the patrons were kind of rude, I dislike people who tell you that your too loud, geezs its the bar area!!! but I will be back.  

                Having been on my "to try" list, we finally made our long awaited visit to Flemings.  The restaurant has a large main dining room and a smaller side dining room, where we were seated upon our 6pm check-in.  With its dim lighting with wood ceiling and walls, the restaurant has a traditional steakhouse atmosphere.  We were warmly greeted by our waiter, Sean.  As we checked out the menu, he described their wine list, which we could interactively select on the iPad.  Cool!  After placing our orders, a warm herb bread with gorgonzola cream and an herb butter was brought to our table.  How can you not like warm bread?  The four of us finished three loaves before our dinner arrived.  Our orders: Prime Bone-in Rib eye - cooked perfectly medium-rare.  They provided complimentary sauces - peppercorn, béarnaise, and chimichurri for your steak, but the steak was nicely seasoned and so tender and juicy that I didn't need the sauces.  Main Filet Mignon - cooked medium-rare as ordered.  Again, nicely seasoned, tender and juicy.    Sides: Fleming's Potatoes - a house specialty with cream, jalapeños and cheddar cheese.  An au gratin potato-like dish that had a nice brown baked top.   Cheddar Macaroni & Cheese - nice and creamy.  Signature Onion Rings - a stack of eight large onion rings.  Crispy and tasty.  Dessert:             Chocolate Lava Cake - a rich chocolate cake with a molten center of Belgian chocolate, served with vanilla ice cream, chopped pistachios with dollops of Chantilly cream.  Wow, what a way to end dinner. This was so delicious with the chocolate oozing out of the cake with every forkful.  One of best lava cakes that I've tasted.   Overall, a great steakhouse dining experience.  The steaks, which we came here for, were so tasty, tender and juicy.  Tasty side dishes and a memorable chocolate lava cake.  Service was friendly, dishes cleared efficiently and water glasses frequently refilled.  Looking forward to another visit.  

                Steakhouses should have amazing steak, so I'm not going to wax poetic about that. Fleming's has a great selection of meat (and appetizers, salads, desserts). What I love about Fleming's are their constant deals!  First, every Sunday they offer a Prime Rib dinner for $39.95-- which if you know me is my all time favorite way to eat red meat. While on its face, you think that's an OK deal, it's actually an amazing deal because you get a salad, a side dish of your choice, AND a dessert. It's not a pre-determined set of choices either, you can just pick from those categories on the menu. All of those items combined could rack up quite the bill, so this Sunday dinner special is an awesome deal. And sometimes they even have special promotions and it's only $29.95!  Fleming's also has great happy hour deals. Their 5-6-7 and their 8-9-10 happy hours offer great bar bites and glasses of wine or cocktails for very reasonable prices. You will be full and not have spent a fortune. Warning: It is only available in the bar area and it can be quite a popular spot.  Lastly, if you join their loyalty rewards club, you will get all kinds of emails with deals that will entice you. Surf & Turf, Tomahawk rib-eyes, wine pairing dinners, etc. Fleming's is a great spot in Walnut Creek--you can be sure you'll leave full.  

                The wife took me here for a birthday dinner, conveniently right after our first Elite event (also in the area). This dinner was consumed after enjoying several bowls of Smitten ice cream, but we made it through like the troopers that we are...  ***JUMBO LUMP CRAB CAKES - roasted red pepper and lime butter sauce  Hailing from a state in the East known for crabs and particularly crab cakes, I can't say that I was particularly impressed, but I will concede that this crab cake was rather fresh and decently delicious. This was a Restaurant- or Gourmet-style crab cake as opposed to a Boardwalk crab cake, meaning that it was almost purely crab meat on the interior with little breading or filler. Still, it was a little too compact, slightly over-fried, improperly seasoned, and not juicy enough.  ***CHEF'S ENTREE: PRIME RIBEYE (we traded for bone-in) W/ LOBSTER TAIL  Call me a savage, but I really dig the ribeye at Outback Steakhouse. Yeah, I know, I can't believe I'm admitting this. Honestly, though, while not all experiences are equal, they have some pretty darn good steak there. It's really not about the money, but I can't help but wonder how my $20 Outback ribeye is roughly equivalent to this $52 Flemings ribeye. Actually, it's not equivalent, because Outback gives me mind-blowing tiger dill sauce while I'm left in the desert at Flemings with just a fork & knife.  By the way, the lobster tail, which was served with a dish of melted butter, was incredibly meh--slightly fishy & notably tough. Not half as delicious, or big, as even a lobster tail from The Boiling Crab.  ***CHIPOTLE CHEDDAR MACARONI & CHEESE  I guess it was pretty creamy and the macaroni was sufficiently tender, but this was just about the most boring dish I can imagine. A layer of breaded topping (ugh), uninspired cheese flavors (painfully light and lacking consistency), and no chunks or fun surprises. For the record, I sensed no chipotle. If you want good Mac N' Cheese, go to The Smoking Pig.  ***SAUTÉED MUSHROOMS  Ok I guess, but very standard. Nothing remarkable here.  ALL IN ALL:  It's a fancy place, and you can tell that they put a lot of effort into making the food look & taste nice. But the flavors are just too standard to be memorable or crave-worthy. Plus, the high-end layout is slightly poisoned by the Hootie & the Blowfish dad rock playing over the speakers and the baseball game on the TV in the bar. Give me some Miles Davis at least so I don't feel like I'm eating at Applebee's.  

                I have to take it down a notch for Flemings.  I feel bad because my husband loves it here but I'm not him and my experiences haven't been that great.  We had a final date night here before we had to succumb to second childom again.  The main reason was the Lobster Tempura.  Which I will say was soooo much better than last time and we were very happy with the app.  This time we had a booth to share and we sat on the same side and kanoodled so romantically.  I went with the Braised Short Ribs and Pork Belly for me.  My husband got the Petite Filet.  I was with child, so no Bikinitini for me but my husband had a few.  The Pork Belly was good.  Not as crispy but still pretty good.  Then it came to the Short Rib.  I was loving it.  It was very good until I got into the center of the meat and it was ice cold.  Freezing cold.  Ugh, I was just too grossed out.  It was completely unexpected to take a nice savory hot bite one second then a literally frozen bite the next.  Cold, coagulated fat can really bring down a dining expectation.  I didn't finish it.  I'm also one of those people who don't complain or send things back.  I pay and leave nicely.  Our waiter was very sweet and have zero complaints regarding him.  But I've yet to have the inspiring meal that my husband always seems to have.  Being that I am married to a fan we will more than likely be back.  Maybe Ill try fish next time.  

                Prime Rib Sunday is amazing deal here at Flemings!  For $39.99- dinner includes complimentary bread- with two different butter.  I got full off of the bread alone!  Next is your choice of soup or salad.  I chose the french onion soup.  This was ok but it was loaded with too much cheese- yes- i said too much.  The prime rib was cooked perfectly and you get a side.   I chose the Flemings potatoes which was great and my honey had the fully loaded baked potatoes.  And you get your choice of dessert each.  I recommend the chocolate lava cake- it's oozing with goodness!  The creme brûlée  was great as well but i was too full to eat much of it.  It's actually a lot of food!  We also had to get the Lobster Mac & Cheese which did not disappoint.  And a bottle of the Parcel 41, a merlot mix which complemented the meal very well.  Costco has a deal for Flemings gift cards- $79.99 for $100.  Saves you $20.  And if you sign up on the Flemings website- they'll email you a link for $40 off or $25 off promotion all the time.  Overall- great meal, ambience & company!  

                We have been to this Fleming's twice and both times, we have had a great experience.   For the second time, we went on a Sunday for an early dinner (around 5:15pm) without a reservation.  The hostess said she could seat us in an half an hour or sooner.  We were seated after a 15 min wait.  Joe the server was very nice and provided great service throughout the meal.   Our kids both ordered the Kids Menu $14.95 steak and fries (sliced fruit and vegetable appetizer, filet mignon entree with fries and drink),  the wife and I both ordered their Sunday Prime Rib Dinner special that included a salad, prime rib entrée with side and a dessert for $34.95.  We all really enjoyed our meals.  The manager Ron even came over during our meal and asked how we were doing.  I can't think of anything that would have made the meal and experience better.  

                Simply AMAZING! We love hitting up Flemings for HH. Amazing food, especially the burger! Great selection of wines. Fab prices $$. We are lucky and get Ryan as our server most of the time and we LOVE HIM!! Go for the food and stay for the wine!!!  UPDATE. We went to Flemings for vDay Dinner. The food was excellent as always, but our server was so obnoxiously rude that we were seriously talking about walking out on him and heading back to the lounge. He literally walked up to our table - he said I recommend the $100 bottle of Chateau something or other, when we said no we were thinking of .... He just walked away. We didn't even get a chance to finish what we were saying. He came back 10 minutes later and I asked him if he was called away - he said no I just wanted to leave.  That is how our evening with him got started. Wow such a swell guy...it didn't ruin our celebration, but I think we will stick with the lounge next time Chris! On the flip side he did recommend the Ribeye and it was cooked to perfection.  

                I'm giving them 4 starts because the customer service was impeccable! Everyone was extremely accommodating, attentive and super nice. I took off one start because the food was... Ehhhh. I decided upon the chicken it wasn't seasoned and it was undercooked and bleeding.  

                I am not big on steak but got a nice gift certificate from my boss so we decided to give it a try.  Reservation was very easy to make I booked it through open table two hour before and it was a weekend night. The decor was a classic steakhouse, dark wood, dimlit lighting, and leather booths as well as tables.  We brought our own bottle and corkage was reasonable.  Service was great and food was classic.  I had the lobster tail and my hysband had the porterhouse as usual. Steak was well season and cooked perfect medium rare.  The chocolate flourless cake melted in your mouth, not too sweet just perfect for me. This place is perfect for the steak lover or the meat and potatoes kind of peeps,  just not for me but overall it is still a good traditional meal. Not sure if we will be back anytime soon, but it worth a visit if you want steak in Walnut Creek.  

                I was disappointed in the meal my wife and I had. She had the lemon-rosemary free range chicken and a bowl of clam chowder. The chicken was tough and over cooked, lacking flavor, and that is inexcusable for a $34 chicken dish. The clam chowder was very under seasoned, something a chef should know better. My sea bass was cooked perfectly, but it and the broth it was served in was also horribly under seasoned. There is no excuse for a restaurant of this caliber to employ chefs without the basic skills to season food correctly, especially when dinner for two was $236! Go to Ruth Chris, they have competent chefs.  

                Kind of a nerve-racking experience since this was where I met HIS parents for the very first time. But I still enjoyed the food :)  Talk about extremely dim lighting, too dark for my liking but as long as I got to see what I was eating I was fine with it.  We were served the bread and of course I tried not to eat all of it because I didn't want to get too full. They had two different spreads and the less herby spread was better.   I ordered the filet, others ordered the New York and salmon. For sides, we got the Mac, fries and jalapeño potatoes.  My filet was cooked medium rare, just the way I like it. The mac was pretty good, but not out of the ordinary. The fries were good but a little overdone. The jalapeño potatoes were really good, I would definitely order that again. It was cheesy with a hint of jalapeño, so it would be great for those who don't favor too spicy foods.  We also ordered the chocolate lava cake, oozed chocolate, wasn't too rich, but really good with the vanilla ice cream.  Overall good service and good food, I would definitely go back. Super saving tip: if you go to costco they sell their gift cards that you can buy for less than the face value...score!!!  

                My bf took me here randomly for a Thursday date night. We came primarily for the 3-course Steak and Lobster special. I think it's a really good deal for $44.95. We got a little amuse bouche of scallop. One can choose between a salad or French onion soup. I highly recommend going with the French onion. However, as much as you would like to finish the whole cup, if you have a small appetite, don't overindulge. Make room for the main show. You get a whole lobster tail and a 6 oz. Filet mignon. The lobster was nice and soft. They even take the lobster meat from the shell for you. The steak is perfectly cooked and the flavor is straight forward--no frills. Just pure meaty goodness. It is not one of the best steaks I've had though.  We got pretty good service as well. One of the supervisors personally came over our table to check if everything is okay. It was also pretty fancy but not too formal. Our server gave us her business card at the end of dinner. That's a first.  

                The fantastic meal was secondary only to the even more impressive service. David was great. We will return  

                I became acquainted with Flemings via a Christmas work dinner. I had the filet mignon and creme brûlée. The filet mignon was way overcooked and dry (even for a med-rare). It was not melt in your mouth whatsoever and quite chewy. The creme brûlée, on the other hand, was creamy and absolutely divine.  Maybe the chef just had an off day? The filet was just a super disappointment considering the stature of Flemings... being well known for their mignon/steak dishes.  

                I really love Fleming's Prime Steakhouse in Walnut Creek. It's a great place to go when you're talking out the family or want to enjoy a romantic evening. It's only open for dinner and dimly lit. The place is loud thanks to the bar being so close to the main dining room. With the ambience set it's the food that really sets Fleming's apart from all of the other steakhouses in the Bay Area. And this is a franchise is on top of it. Fleming's is not considered affordable by all accounts. My best advice is to wait for meal deals, yes as a franchise Fleming's can afford to do that. This past summer the had an exquisite three course meal of prime rib, a side, a salad, and a dessert for 29.99 each. So deals like that is why I come back again and again.  

                This was my First time at this Restaurant. For me first impressions are vital. The hostess was there to greet us as we arrived 30 min early. She was very friendly and never got distracted greeting every guest as they came in. This Restaurant is very popular as I had always tried to make reservations last min and could never get in. You need to call at least 24 hours or a few days before. But the plus is you get to eat when you want and it lived up to the hype. I ordered the Filet Mignon with the Flemmings Potatoes. This was a very good meal for the price of $39. 6oz cut was very tender and not over cooked. I'm really picky about how I liked my steak so they offer To cook it med plus which is between med and med well. Steak was Exactly how I wanted it. My parents had the Prime Rib Sunday Specials! $38.95 u get prime rib, a side, and salad/soup good deal as it would be a $70 meal otherwise. The wedge salad was very good and 2 people could easily share it. The French Onion soup was amazing as well. Our waiter Jason was very courteous and attentive. I didn't have to ask for a refill for my soda as he just gave me a fresh glass. For desert we had a creme brûlée and it was one of the best i have ever tasted. Before dinner I ordered some drinks and the bartender was attentive as well. I didn't have to wait to be served. Also to mention since I arrived early the hostess seated us 15 min before our reservation time.   In all the experience was really good. I would def return and recommend to anyone. Much better than Vic Stewarts! Flemmings has  a great staff and cooks. It's a great place for couples or celebrating a special occasion.  

                We had one of the best anniversary dinners ever last night.  Our waiter David Mohr made us feel like we were the most special people in the house.  We had the amazing prime rib deal and the desert and everything was off the hook.  We will be back for all birthdays and special occasions.  Why go to San Francisco when we have this treasure in Walnut Creek.  

                Not blown blow away by my experience here. Although my steak was fantastic the service was extremely sub par. We did sit in the bar area, possibly this contributed. We had several apps on and off the happy hour menu and then had entrees. Just nothing special. I can think of other restaurants bringing equal or higher quality for less money.  

                Went here with my fiance to celebrate my graduation and let me say all around excellent!   Food was amazing. I was interested in trying the porcini steak but I didn't want the filet mignon cut so our waiter put in a special order for me, a new york strip porcini style. Literally, every bite was melt in my mouth while melting me. It was so delicious that I didn't want to stop eating even when I was beyond full! The pork belly appetizer delicious and my fiance's rib-eye amazing as well.   Service was exceptional! My fiance and I have often had the experience at mid to high-end restaurants of being treated poorly or as if we are going to be bad tippers. Even if the food is great, it leaves a bad twinge on the experience. And we often times find ourselves in the predicament of feeling like we have to leave a good tip just to prove that we are not cheap tippers (even if the service is crappy!).   That was not the case with Chris! Not exaggerating! One of the best service experiences we have ever had! He treated us graciously and with so much respect. He was very personable and answered all of my obscure questions with ease. He took the time to show me how to use the iPad for my beverage selections. We just felt comfortable with him! To top it all off he brought us some complimentary truffles in honor of my celebration. At the end of the night I wrote a little thank you on our receipt and left a pretty generous tip.   Chris invited us to come check out their happy hour, which is on my to do list!  I've been to places like Ruth's Chris (both locations) and in my opinion it just doesn't compare. I'm always left wanting more but here at Fleming's I left completely satisfied and wanting more in the good kind of way.  

                I didn't know prior to coming to Flemings that this Steakhouse is a chain like Morton's or Ruth's Chris.  But I ended up here because I signed up for their emailing list that sends deals and specials that they have on different cuts of steak or three course meals, etc.    When we first walked in I was amazed at how large this steakhouse is.  There's a main dining room and also a few private rooms.  We were seated right away in one of the private rooms.  There's a nice selection of appetizers, salads, sides, steaks, and seafood to choose from.  Here's what we ordered:  Peppercorn Mashed Potatoes:  the waiter recommended this above the other flavors of mashed potatoes and he even said if we didn't like it he would switch it out for another one.  But he was right, it was smooth and delicious.    Filet Mignon: my wife ordered this cut and we were both disappointed with it.  It was semi tough and the flavor didn't match either of our expectations.  Ribeye:  if there is a shining star to Flemings it's the ribeye served here.  I ordered this for myself based on the waiters suggestion again and the steak was tender, perfect meaty flavor with just the right amount of fat.  Flemings cooked one of the best ribeye I've ever had, and I've eaten a lot of them.  Two lobster tails:  the lobster tails were meh.  The butter helped but the tails weren't anything special.  The service was what could be expected from a nice steakhouse, our waiter was friendly and helpful.  What really through me off about Flemings was the music selection.  I'm sitting in this nice classy steakhouse having a meal and they had  alternative or maybe it was soft rock music, I'm not sure but I know it didn't fit the ambience.  It was like playing Nicki Minaj at a wake or funeral.    Overall there were some really good things about Flemings and some not so great.  But if you end up in a different town where a Flemings is located, if the ribeye is anything like the one at the Walnut Creek location, you won't be disappointed.  

                I've eaten at Fleming's multiple times and have been extremely satisfied on each of my visits. I cycle through only 3 steaks dinners (bone-in ribeye, 14oz sirloin & lobster tail, or petite filet mignon w/ Fleming's potatoes) all steaks I get medium or medium well each dish is made to my delight along with excellent service and classy atmosphere.  

                Everything here was good. The steaks were super tender and the desserts were tasty...had the lava cake and carrot cake. Pricey though, paid almost $300 for 2 people including tip.  

                Had a reservation for 1 while I waited for my girlfriend in the area for GNO. The host was very friendly and took my request to sit me where I can watch the Warriors game that was on that night. I ordered the Ribeye steak and Modern Caesar salad. The steak was perfect the way i wanted it medium rare. The salad was also very tasty with bits of prosciutto chips. My waiter was excellent and kept filling up my water and offering me more bread. All in all it was great service and great food! The manager (I think his name was Rolando) also came by to introduce himself & checked on me to make sure everything was good. I'd most def come back again!  

                My girlfriend and I celebrated our 4 year anniversary last night and chose to go to Flemings. None of us had been there before so we thought we would give it a try.  Parking was very easy as they have a 4 story parking garage and valet conveneiantly located in the same complex. The atmosphere was great, exactly what we were looking for to celebrate.   The staff was extremely nice and went out of their way to make our dining experience one of a kind.   My girlfriend got the Filet Mignon and I got the Rib Eye steak. Both were excellent and highly recommended. Our server recommended the Flemings potatoes, and we were so happy that we listened.   Our waiter was Brandon R. and he was nothing less of perfection. I highly recommend Flemings as a place to go solely on Brandon R, he made our dining experience one to remember. He knew exactly the right time to come check on us without over bearing us while still attending to all of his other tables. I want to personally thank Brandon R. for the great night that my lady and I had at Flemings, and I'm going to call every time to see if you're working on a night when we are thinking of coming back to flemings.**  So thank you Brandon R. and Flemings for a great anniversary dinner.  

                If you're looking for a great place to get a perfectly cooked steak come here.  I have been here two times and both times my steaks have been cooked just as I wanted.  When most people come to this area they think of Ruth's Chris but if you're thinking of a new place to try come to Flemings.  I recommend getting the fillet mignon additionally I love their mashed potatoes.  All of the servers I have encountered have been very nice.   I look forward to coming here again.  

                We came to Flemings for our wedding anniversary dinner.  We were seated in a smaller dining area which was perfect for a romantic evening.  Our server "Jared" was fantastic!  We ordered BBQ Shrimp for an appetizer and it was very good.  Their Clam Chowder was creamy with a very good flavor.  We both ordered the Main Filet's and the Fleming potatoes which were both prepared perfectly!  We had the lava cake for dessert and it was perfect for the two of us.  This is a fantastic place for a special dinner.  They do have a $20 corkage fee, but it is well worth it.  I highly recommend making a reservation especially for a special occasion.  If you want a smaller dining area let them know.  The valet service is well worth the $8 and the waiter will have your car ready at the door when you leave.  

                3 words: Best Steak Ever  I went there with my wife and few friends. I have been a few times in the past and I always was impressed. But this time was literally the best steak and maybe the best meal of my life.  If you want to experience heaven on earth. Please check this place out. You would not be disappointed.  

                Simply amazing.  I wasn't super excited to go as I've to been to Ruth Chris so many times and although it's great sometimes enough is enough.  For the sake of change and a dear friend's birthday request we went to Flemings.  Great ambiance, service is unparalleled and the food was divine.  I was pleased to see some different choices from other steak houses.  The Flemings potatoes are off the hook and a compliment to any meal because they are just that good.  As I mentioned, it was my friends birthday and the staff brought her the most amazing dessert!  Truffles oh my!  Not your typical ice cream loaded with whipping cream and a candle buried within.    If you want a pleasurable dining experience and enjoy a good steak, go!  

