                Came here with my hubby. Food was the best  you have a choice either table or traditional afghan style ( floor )  Customer Service was excellent.  I'll definitely come back again.  

                Exceptional food and service.  I had the Mantoo (dumplings), Aush (noodle soup), and Fish Curry.  Every item was made so well.  The mantoos taste similar to Salang Pass' mantoos.  It was the first time having Aush and I loved it.  My friend described it as an Afghani version of Spaghetti-o's and I thought that was right on point.  It's a tomato-based sauce that has soft, yellow noodles in it.  I would share this with one other person unless this is the only thing you plan on ordering.  The fish curry had a LOT of fish in it.  I was impressed with the amount because it's really worth your money.  They also slightly bread and pan-fry the fish before it goes in the curry so the edges are crispy.  I enjoyed this a lot.  There is floor seating and table seating available.  Floor seating can probably hold about 20 people and table seating maybe a little more.  The floor seating would be perfect for a group or party because it feels separated even though it's not enclosed.    All the servers were incredibly friendly and talkative.  They seemed genuinely interested in how we were liking the food and it's probably because it's a new place.  It seems that some of the dissatisfaction Yelpers are experiencing here is with the kabobs so I'll have to give that a chance.  If they can keep up the food and experience I had today then I think they'll do well.  

                My pregnant girlfriend decided she wanted Afghan food so she recommended we try this place since it had recently opened near her house.   We ordered chicken and lamb kabobs, eggplant appetizer and pumpkin bolani (flat bread stuffed with pumpkin)   The place itself is cute , we decided to sit on the side where you can sit on the floor (not the best idea with a skirt on and a pregnant girlfriend but we made the best of it and enjoyed our girls night out)   Sadly the food lacked flavor , and had very little seasoning and lamb was burnt and chicken was dry over cooked. The eggplant dish was different , it was cold but it's because they layer it with cold yogurt but it was good. The bolani was ok, huge portion.   Sadly for price point and lack of flavor I can't give this place more than 3 stars.   The dessert however was amazing ! Don't recall the name but it was a pudding with rose water and pistachios , extremely delicious .  

                Nothing is more devastating than having to 'settle' for second best, especially when you discover that your lone alternative at the moment comes nowhere close to your top-drawer choice.  Oh, the agony in regret. We REALLY wanted to like this place too. Personal preferences, I guess.   The only reason why we decided to drive all the way to Fremont from SSF was to gratify our intolerable craving for our favorite hole-in-the-wall Afghan cuisine spot, De Afghanan. Sadly, it turned out that our usual spot had temporarily closed down for a mandatory building evacuation and its sister restaurant, next door, was closed for dinner preparation.   Yelp then came to our rescue and though we experienced a sense of apprehension in trying a new spot, we finally grew some balls and decided take a stab at the new, highly rated, Fremont Afghan Kabob nearby.   VENUE It is a spacious, cozy sit-down restaurant and inside, the colorful, ornate venue has an exotic, middle-eastern theme. You have the option of sitting on chairs or on individual cushion floor seating. Due to the fascinating appearance of the venue, I was culturally allured and excited that we may have discovered a restaurant that offered more authentic and more flavorful Afghan dishes compared to De Afghanan, but we were wrong.   We ordered: + CHAPLI KABOB $9.99: Grilled afghan style burger (ground beef) - Supposedly, it is mixed with cilantro green onions and spices, but the ground beef patty had no flavor. The brown rice that came with it was just as tasteless. Also, the side of vegetables could have been left on the grill longer, for a smoky flavor. In essence, all the components of this dish were just plain bland.   + SHAMI KABOB $9.99: 2 skewers charbroiled ground beef - Charbroiled since when? Same story as the above-mentioned dish: Dull. I give the kitchen credit for the high amount of juiciness in the meat though.   Generous portions. Hmm, did I forget to mention that the dishes were bland? :/   SERVICE Our waitress was an absolute hospitable sweetheart who recurrently checked-in on us and refilled our beverages. She gets five solid stars in my book. Since our food took awhile to arrive, she apologized for the wait and also provided us with a complimentary appetizer, Shor Nakhud, which was made of sliced potatoes and garbanzo beans mixed into vinegar mint chutney. The appetizer was tangy and appetizing.   VERDICT This place has stellar customer service, but flavorless cuisine. There is potential for this new restaurant if more prominent seasoning is added to its dishes. Otherwise, a lack of distinctive flavor prompts us to rethink a second visit. Essentially, forgettable. Sticking to the savory food at De Afghanan.   + Plenty of private lot parking  

                I must say that it's quite ballsy to open up an Afghan restaurant in Fremont, land of Afghan restaurants (and quality ones at that). This up-and-comer seemed promising, but we needed to validate with our taste buds before coming to any conclusions.   ***MANTOO - Afghan style pot sticker filled with ground beef onions and spices, topped with homemade yogurt ground beef tomato sauce.  Kinda middle-of-the-road, just like De Afghanan after it fell from grace. Never mind, De Afghanan is actually slightly better--juicier, and the yogurt has a tint of raw garlic. To be fair though, the yogurt here was pretty creamy (though squeezed out of a tube), and there wasn't anything about the Mantoo itself that was unappetizing.   ***BADINJON BORANI - Grilled eggplants seasoned with garlic and tomatoes and topped with homemade yogurt.  Prepared properly, this can be one of the best presentations of eggplant known to man (alongside a certain type of steamed Chinese eggplant, served chilled with loads of garlic & vinegar). There was something about this delivery that just missed the mark, and it ended up tasting more like a ratatouille misstep. The eggplant wasn't creamy enough (even the yogurt couldn't save it), and too much acidity in the tomato. Sigh.   ***CHOPAN KABOB - Tender Lamb chops marinated and charbroiled served with Palau (brown rice).  We asked for brown rice, but got white. No biggie, they brought us a separate plate of brown rice. But it just wasn't amazing like it should have been, chock full of oil and spice, taunting you sinfully to consume it. It was basically plain white rice painted brown with a weak layer of spices. The lamb chop itself was certainly tender, but it was almost slightly soggy with that light breading or whatever that was coating the exterior cheapening the experience--there was no fantastic smoky buttery goodness going on or perfect char. And the accompanying onions & tomato had little to offer, especially the tomato, which, while grilled, lacked that buttery flavor that's supposed to be unlocked during the grilling process.   ***FIRNI - Afghan pudding prepared with milk & almonds and topped with pistachios.   This was actually quite yummy, just about on par with offerings at other restaurants. Skin on the top with soft velvety texture underneath and pleasant flavors throughout. A safe choice for sure, and made here.  ALL IN ALL:  The real test of a restaurant is whether or not I'd want to come back, and sadly there's nothing here that I can't get a superior version of somewhere else. I'd expect a new restaurant to come out guns-a-blazing, drawing in new customers with an unmatched experience. I wish Fremont Afghan Kabob the best, but they really need to step it up.  

                Great service, great food!  Jamshid was very hospitable and provided traditional afghan hospitality. I would defiantly recommend this place! I will come back here to enjoy some great afghan food with my friends and family.  Great find, thank you Yelp!  

                This is the first time I have came here and I am very impressed!  I usually go to de Afghanan for afghan food in Fremont but I would rank this place just as good if not better.   This place reminds me of the way salang restaurant looks. Also has a middle eastern theme inside. They also play ethnic music.  Overall a great experience and the food was even better  The waiter was very nice and courteous.  I ordered a combo kabob for my entree, and pakora for appetizer. Both tasted amazing I was about to pass out lol the yogurt drink I must say was the best I have tried because it tastes like it was freshly home made unlike other places where it's mostly water mixed.  Will definitely be back and recommend to others.  

                Hey Fremont, y'all got yourselves a keeper here! The Afghans know how to cook their meat!   Appetizers: *Badinjon Borani* - I generally gravitate towards pumpkin borani but have never had the eggplant version before. The eggplant borani wasn't bad but, it wasn't spectacular either. Kind of bland. I'll definitely stick with the Borani Kadoo next time.   *Bolani* (huge appetizer that can easily serve 4-5 people) - like what Judy H. said, the Afghan Bolani bears a striking resemblance to the Chinese onion pancake! I was most looking forward to this dish due to the great reviews but ended up not being blown away. We ordered 1/2 leek and 1/2 pumpkin. The pumpkin one was super bland, the leek a little better. Definitely needs more salt and/or spices!  What blew us away were our entrees. *Korma Lamb* - Holy Moley, that whole shank was so moist, tender, and juicy. There was no gaminess to the game at all. Noms.  *Chapli Kabob* - First of all, contrary to the menu descriptions, the Chapli kabob isn't a burger at all ( just fyi ). Instead, imagine a well spiced, on point, fluffy, flaky, and soft pillowy patty of ground beef goodness. The long brown rice was light and cooked to perfection. Make sure to squeeze that lemon slice all over your meal - you'll thank me later ;). I can literally eat this all day every day. Get this!  

                What a lovely surprise in Fremont! This restaurant opened recently and it has solidified Fremont as a hub for great Afghan food. It is located inside a small lot next to Chaat Bhavan. Parking is tight so you might have to park on the side streets.  My partner and I came on a Friday night for a late dinner. We opted for the floor seating area. We slipped off our shoes and carefully maneuvered around the low tables and red cushions.  The decor is simple and homey with various traditional Afghan items hanging on the walls (Afghan caps, clothing, and paintings). After settling into our comfy pillows, my boyfriend and I browsed through the menu and decided on two appetizers and an entree. We tacked on another appetizer after we finished our main dish because I initially wanted to order the bolani but accidentally got the Borani Kadoo instead (oops, off by one letter!). I couldn't stop thinking about the bolani and just had to try it!  Appetizers:  *Pakaura - five slices of deep-fried potatoes. They look like thick potato chips but much tastier. The batter is crisp and crackles with each bite. A tad pricey for the quantity but a solid starter.   *Borani Kadoo - butternut pumpkin cooked with garlic, peppers, and onions topped with special homemade yogurt. The pumpkin is unbelievably soft and nutty. The savory sauce and yogurt perfectly juxtaposed the sweet pumpkin.  *Bolani - grilled Afghan style calzone stuffed with seasoned potatoes, leeks and/or pumpkin. My favorite dish of the night and I'm so glad we ended up ordering it! We chose to split it half and half with potatoes and pumpkin. Bolani is a flat bread that bears resemblance to Chinese green onion pancakes. The crust is thin, and the inside is packed with potatoes and pumpkin. Be careful because it comes out hot and I burned my fingers trying to grab a piece. Also, the serving size is HUGE and can easily feed three people. The waitress recommended we dip the bolani in the green chutney sauce on the table. It comes with a creamy yogurt but the chutney sauce is infinitely better. I literally just drenched each piece in a pool of fragrant chutney sauce. Loved the crispy yet doughy texture.  Entree: *Combination Kabob - charbroiled beef and chopan (lamb chops) served with brown rice. Huge chunks of slightly charred lamb and beef accompanied by seasoned brown rice. The meat was so tender and juicy with a rich smokey flavor. A delightful kabob dish.   Not only is the food authentic and delicious, the service is splendid and very friendly. The only boo-boo from our meal is that we forgot our to-go container of leftover bolani (and that chutney sauce!). UGH. No lie, I actually had trouble sleeping that night because I couldn't get over this tragic mishap.  

                This is a fairly new spot in an area surrounded by Afghan dining option.  It is located in a mini-strip mall by the 880 - not exactly a romantic setting and not the easiest location to get to.  So they may have a rough go of it for a bit.  But I think they will make it and be around for quite some time.  I have been here 2 times now - once dine in and once takeout.  Both time I enjoyed the food and thought the service was friendly, quick, and helpful.  For dine-in they have both the traditional seating on cushions on low platforms (almost to the floor) as well and the European chair/table seating to which we are all accustomed.  The restaurant is clean with fresh decor (the bathrooms even have scented candles).  They also have some limited seating outside - again, not a great view, but on a nice day you may want to be out there.  The first time I tried the Shami Chicken Kabob.  I found the food flavorful with a very nice mix of spices and flavors.  This was definitely a good choice.  We also shared the Badinjon Borani - grilled eggplant.  I found the eggplant to be slightly soggy and the flavors a little bland - but I like flavorful spicy food, so others may like this more.  The second time I went by myself and ordered to-go - I got the Qabili Paleu with the lamb shank.  I also found this dish to be delicious.  The rice with the raisins and carrots and a nice mix of flavors and the lamb shank was very tender and well prepared.  My only 2 complaints:  - when I got to my office with my take-out there was no knife in the bag - fortunately I keep some in my office.  But in the end the lamb shank was so tender that I didn't really need it. I just picked up the end of the bone and could have peeled the meat off the bone with a fork. - the take-out containers of the compostable cardboard like containers places are supposed to use these days.  So by the time I got to my office is was a little soggy.  And if I wanted to save some for later it would have been a mess.  But that is the world we must live in, so I can't really blame the restaurant.  I am not an expert in Afghan food, so I can't tell you if it is truly authentic.  And I also won't tell you it is the best in the area.  I will say though that I am quite pleased with what I have had here and I certainly will come back again.  Welcome to the area.  

                Excellent customer service. Very friendly staff.  The food tastes awesome and was full of flavor. The layout of the restaurant was very different but I loved it. I would love to see this place get bigger The lamb kabobs were extremely juicy which is rare. Over all experience was awesome  

                Very new Afghan spot with good potential.  Do not confuse this with the well established joints in the Centerville area like De Afghanan Kabob, or Salang Pass.  This place draws influences from both but is much newer and cleaner, so that is a plus in my book.  It is like Salang Pass in that it offers seating on cushions at floor level.  This adds to the exotic factor and is quite fun with a larger group.  But it is much newer and cleaner than Salang Pass.  The dishes offered here are very similar to Salang Pass.  Nice appetizer menu and a strong hand at the braised dishes.  I actually found the food and execution here a little better than Salang, which is why I believe this place has good potential.    As far as kabobs, De Afghanan Kabob House still has an edge.  The meats are grilled more intensely at De Afghanan, and their marinade is difficult to top.  But that is not to say the kabobs here are lacking.  They are good just a little milder in my opinion.  The accompaniments are also different here, as you just get a grilled tomato and some sliced onion. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fremont-afghan-kabob-fremont?select=InX2QN9RX_LeTlT5WpxA-A#InX2QN9RX_LeTlT5WpxA-A">yelp.com/biz_photos/frem…</a>  Another observation is their rice.  The menu says "brown" rice but it is really basmati that has been cooked to a brown color.  It is not true unhusked brown rice that people choose for healthy reasons.  Again not saying that their rice is bad, (it's good!) just a bit misleading.  Noteworthy items I've had as of late: Aush $4  A hearty noodle soup with a little ground meat.  Nice flavor of dill and mint goes well with the dallop of yogurt.   <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fremont-afghan-kabob-fremont?select=9wRnq9WppLhQu_c3KXIyQw#9wRnq9WppLhQu_c3KXIyQw">yelp.com/biz_photos/frem…</a>  Dahl $3  Their lentil soup.  Very light and refreshing.  Thought it was going to be thick but it was more broth-y with broken lentils to cloud the broth.  Great vegetarian soup.  Pakaura $5  Nicely executed "large" slices of potato, perfectly battered and fried with a cumin note.  Great starter and even greater with the spicy condiments on the table, green or red.  Braised Lamb Shank $11ish  They do a few variations here, all good.  The lamb is so spot on tender and luscious.  I actually prefer these over the kabobs here.  Very good with the basmati rice.  Roasted Leg of Lamb $11ish  Very predominant lamb flavor with a more aggressive seasoning.  Not tender like the shank but if you want an assertive lamb flavor, get this.  Served with sliced onions and peppers. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fremont-afghan-kabob-fremont?select=U3hWZaBYgE1BNv2Fv-AX6g#U3hWZaBYgE1BNv2Fv-AX6g">yelp.com/biz_photos/frem…</a>  Service is usually very friendly but may struggle if busy.  The owner/hostess is incredibly personable.  I'm putting this on my rotation.  

                Exceptional food and service. I had the combination of chicken kebob and Chapli kabob! I would definitely recommend coming here!  

                Last time I was here it said Koh-e-nor and it had Curry options on the menu. Now it's full on afghan and with half the amount of chairs: it has a floor sitting place (no for a fatass like me). Honestly, I am glad of the menu option I came here mainly to discover a new cuisine not to get the same chicken tikka masala that there is already an overload in the city of Fremont.   The food was solid as always, I had the mantoo, the lamb korma and bolani. It taste good to me and my girlfriend, I can't speak how authentic it is, but it pretty unique. The issue is same as always, service is slow and inattentive. Overall, I'm glad of the menu changes, but I will sure miss the massive naan.   I'm giving a four star because the amount of improvements is equal to the amount of diminishment, so same rating as Kohenor.  

                I like this place, I have come here about four times in the past 2 months. It reminds me of another similar type of restaurant in Fremont, as far as the layout, decor, and types of food on the menu, but this place tastes better, better customer service, and cleaner.   If you order the borani they tend to bring it out very hot so you should wait until it cools down a bit so you don't burn your tongue, we ordered half Pumpkin and half potato borani appetizer as an appetizer 2 times. It's size is enough for at-least 4 people.  All four times I've ordered the Chicken Qawpali Palau, because it is the type of dish that I like. It is not greasy. As far as consistency of taste, it tasted the same 3 times, but the last time it didn't have the exact flavor as the first time. I will still order it again.  I like their portion of that plate it is about 3 servings in one.   They gave us a free small dish of a potato garbonzo bean appetizer that had a spicy sour sauce/liquid to try the first time we came.  I was sceptical of the high reviews,  and it being a newly opened place, the reviews are not hype.  To sum up my thoughts: Very nice service from the people Generous portions Plenty of seating  

                So my cousin passed away today and I went in this place to pick up a catering order to feed the guests we're expecting. They caught wind of my cousin's passing and were all incredibly nice. Everyone I saw from the woman at the front to the kitchen staff gave their heartfelt condolences. I never expected complete strangers to be so nice to me. It was amazing. And they asked that I send their condolences to my family which was very appreciated.   Thank you Fremont Afghan Kabob for making things just  a little bit better for my family during this tough time.   OH AND THE FOOD IS GREAT. Decor is nice too. Give this place a shot. They're great people and they deserve your consideration. The other thing that was really nice was that the woman at the front offered me water while I was waiting for  my order.  

                Where can I start, this place was a complete surprise as a first timer. They are open late which is a plus. For the appetizer we ordered bolani which was great for four people.The service was great and their customer service is superB, they always check up on you to see everything is ok. Also food was completed in minutes, after we finished the bolani. The Beef Tikah and chicken Tikah were really good. I would highly recommended this place if you want to experience authentic afghan cuisine. Also the place is nicely decorated.  

                Great place to eat. The service was terrific and the food very well prepared. I particularly enjoyed the black tea and firni, but everything we ordered was well seasoned and very tasty.  My only complaint was the absolutely ridiculous behavior of the young child at the table near ours. His parents let him run around, yell, cry, and accost other patrons. I have 3 boys and I know one doesn't have to let a child behave like that. He was an utter brat and spoiled everyone else's dining experience. The parents should be ashamed of themselves. And quite frankly the restaurant should have asked them to leave. However, despite that, the meal and ambiance were very pleasant and we would definitely try it again.  

                Wow.... This place is really really good.  We saw that it was a new restaurant and decided to try it.  Had the beef kabob, chicken kabob, beef cap something (the flattened ground beef patty),  and boloni.  It was really really good.  The service was also outstanding.  I have a new favorite place to fulfill my kabob cravings.  The other entrees looks really good that'll I'll try down the line.  *the kabobs were seasoned just right.. If you can understand this explanation then you'll understand what I'm trying to say because I can't really explain it.. I didn't have to have something bubbly (soda) with the meal.  Usually I would need to when I have kabobs.  

                Hubby and I had planned on having lunch at the restaurant located 2 doors down from here - but it was waaay too crowded.  That - it turns out - was a fortuitous moment!  We're so happy that we decided to wander into Fremont Afghan Kabob!  Great food -- several vegetarian / vegan-friendly options -- pretty decor -- and very friendly people running the place.  We're looking forward to our next visit!  Come give this place a try....       :)  

                A great Afghan food place. Nice people, great food, Variety options. Loved every time I visited this place. Always crowded and difficult to get the parking is the down side. Otherwise top!  

                This place is right beside chaat Bhavan. Great place for trying out non vegetarian afghan dishes for people used to come here only for veg nearby.  More when I actually dine. Soooo looking forward to have a good time next time I visit.  

                They make great Afghan combination kebab dishes. The meat was very well done. The interior is decorated nicely. It feels like you are in an Afghan restaurant. The service can be a little faster. Looks like the kitchen is not setup to handle a lot of customers. The wait staff was very friendly and the service was good. They have good potential to do well in this location.  

                Love this place! We order take out every Friday night for dinner because it's so delicious!  

                This place is really good!! Me and my mom got combination plates, between us we got chicken, beef, and lamb kabobs. Every little bit was outstanding. I cleared my plate for once!  I think the best part about the whole thing was the service. She was super nice, checked up at the right times, and she knew what she was doing. The service here is really what makes me want to come back the most (besides the awesome kabobs).  Her service is actually what inspired me to do this review. It was that excellent!  The place has a choice between regular table seats or the floor, and of course we chose the floor which was super comfortable. The place is decent size with beautiful decorations.  You must come and try this place if you love afghan food!!  

                Super delicious. I has the borani badinjon and it tasted very fresh. My husband got the fish curry and said the fish was very nicely cooked. I agree with those who say this place is cleaner than its more established competition. Hope they can keep it that way. For a space in a tiny strip mall, they did a great job with the interior. Very friendly staff. I will be back here soon.  

                The food here is out of this world. When I first walked in, I had the impression of it being no different then most of the Afghani restaurants in Fremont. The service was on point, the food came out very quickly and everything was served on point. The meats we had were very tender and really delicious, I managed to overindulge for this dinner. I will always recommend this place.  

                I liked that they stayed open later.  The food was good. Cozy ambiance. And the servers were very attentive.  I would definitely come back.  

                A 5 star for 5 major reasons 1. Convenient Location 2. Delicious food 3. Great Atmosphere 4. Awesome customer service 5. Afforadable price.   This restaurant isn't too far from where I live. I come here often and I've yet to be disappointed with it. The food is to die for. As cheesy as it sounds, they truly cook with passion and love. There's plenty of items on the menu worth a try, but I recommend their Chapli Kabob, Bolani, and Mantu. Eating at the restaurant makes you feel like you're actually in Afghanistan, it's coozy and spacious. The waiters/waitress cater to your needs, making sure you have an enjoyable experience. The prices isnt much different than the other restaurant I've gone to, but they sure give you huge portions which I love.   For a resteraunt that is relatively new, I think they're doing a good job. Everyone's taste bud isn't the same so I can't just say you'll be 100% satisfied, but I think it's definitely a place to try.  

                So my husband and I can't get enough of this restaurant. The new owners/cooks are amazing and the service is great. We've been there over a handful of times and the taste is consistent. Definitely give it a try!  

                First things first, if you are debating whether or not to check this place out...Just come already! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED! The portions are huge and totally share-able with a large group. I came here with a group of 10 and we ordered 3 appetizers and that was MORE than enough. They come on huge platters and I believe everyone was able to get at least 2 portions of each appetizer. By the time our entrees came around, we were all so full!!!  For appetizers we got: - Pakaura (we got 2 plates of these) * Sliced potatoes deep fried in a seriously delicious batter. I have no idea what seasoning went in to that batter, but if there is one dish I would order again and again, it would be this one. The pakaura is like the ultimate potato chip. One pakaura was the size of half of my face - not even exaggerating!  - Bolani (leek & pumpkin) * I was only able to try the leek because I got too full from all the other appetizers... But it was damn good! I mixed the yogurt sauce with the green salsa/sauce that was already on each table and it was a winning combination. I would describe the bolani as a stuffed - but still rather thin - flatbread. Not quite a calzone (that's how it is described on their menu). It had a nice crunch to it and soaked up all the yummy yogurt/green salsa juices nicely :D.  - Borani Kadoo  * Butternut squash cooked with garlic, peppers, and onions. Though this appetizer was a lot smaller than the other ones and I was disappointed at its small portion in comparison to the previous ones, it definitely did not disappoint. This dish is pretty rich, so a little goes a long way. Super flavorful and the squash almost melts in your mouth!   For my entree, I ordered the Chapli Kabob. I'm not sure if it was because I was feeling so full from all the appetizers, but I thought it was alright! It comes with 2 beef patties and a loooot of rice. I like that the rice was seasoned and not just plain.  Overall, a great experience here and I would definitely love to come back again. If you are someone who doesn't usually order appetizers, I would definitely take another look at the appetizers here. You won't regret it!  

                Came here last night and the food was amazing! So much flavor! I recommend everyone to give this place a try, you will not regret it. Best afghan food.  

                The first time I saw this place was just when the "newly opened" sign went up and wondered whether we really needed another afghani place. I already love Salang and on the rare occasion can make do with de afghanon.  The next time I saw this sign was late night on New years eve and boy was I happy. It was the only place of open on that day at that time. So we ended up with to-go afghani food.  We ordered the chicken curry, potato bolani and chapli kabob. We were driving back from a holiday and reached the restaurant 5-10 mins after closing. The girl at teh counter was very friendly, didnt rush us and was courteous even though they were waiting to close. The food was amazing. The bolani was a good size, the chapli flavorful. The chicken curry was the least favorite as it had a strong tomato base and wasnt very spicy. They gave us ample green and red sauce, bread and rice.   We have gone back once more since then and food was awesome. I hope they maintain the food quality, sizing and pricing as they get established as it gives them a competitive edge over the already-established,super-popular afghani restaurants already in the area.  

                The best food and best services very friendly employees I will come back  Love their  food , I highly suggest this  restaurant to try it.  

                Well, this restaurant became one of my favorites ! One of the best food that I get here ! My fav are the dhal soup, aaloo parota, their chicken and lamb kabob's ! Just great !!! Nothing much to say ! can keep eating :) Generally afghani food is oily, this place is not an exempt from that ! See you tonight or tomorrow night !!  

                The food was decent and this was my first experience eating Afghan. The service was a tad on the slower side but the food came in warm. We had the Pakaura which is not like the Indian pakoda. It was a bit greasy but quantity is enough for 3 people to share. Tried the Borani kadoo also which was a little sweet and depends on a person's preference. The bread was soft and delicious. Also had the chicken kofta chalau which would have been really good if the spices used were a little less strong. My friends were vegetarian and they said that the cauliflower curry was better than the eggplant.  

                This place is amazing , very good customer service and very tasty food. Everything was cooked to perfection. Highly recommended.  

                I have gone to more then 20 Afghan,Indian and  Pakistani restaurant this is the best of them. Nice n release place delicious foods  Test it once u would like it  

                This is my Afghan kebab restaurant from now on, I live in Union City and I've been in all Afghan kebab restaurants in the area, I think this is the best so far, Great food, clean place very good service, good atmosphere and very reasonably priced, try it  

                My uncle and I wanted to have some Afghan kebab this evening so we decided to go to this new Afghan restaurant. We have been before to this place but it was under different name and management than. As soon as we entered the restaurant we felt the difference. They have beautifully decorated the place and we were welcomed by a smiling host. I ordered Afghan Kebab combination and my uncle ordered beef Kebab and we loved it. It was properly spiced and grilled or cooked. We also ordered Ferini and green tea at end and Ferini was great. The prices were reasonable as well. I will definitely come again to try the other dishes as well.  

