                The wait staff are wonderfully friendly here. We stopped in several times during our stay. Nice bar area, great Starbucks coffee, delicious blueberry muffins, good variety of dinner options.  

                So I was staying at the double tree here, thought i would give the restaurant a try for dinner. It was not good, let me ennumerate. The shrimp bruschetta - really shrimp ceviche (sort of) with slices of bread put next to it. Odd flavor, odd presentation, too soggy and too hot but too cold as well   Lamb Burger - charred on the outside, raw in the middle. The fries were good.   Gnocchi- my dining companion had this, i refused to touch it.   Wine - not a great selection, "chilled" white was freeezzzzing   Service - probably the strangest part. Greated by the bus boy? or was he a waiter? Limited selection of tables as a bunch "were dirty" Other waitress was friendly, but clearly new on the job, not much in the way of training.   Go here if you are staying at the doubletree and don't have a car, or a taxi, or legs to go anywhere else  

                We had an excellent dinner at Gaia during our stay. Since it was a group of 15, we had a prefix meal.  We started with an outdoor reception and had delicious hors d'oeuvres: mushrooms stuffed with goat cheese and skewers with grilled shrimp and pineapple  Then our sit down feast began: *Beets salad: very large size and fresh, crunchy walnuts *Pasta with fresh mozzarella *Salmon with a miso glaze on a bed of spinach *Dessert sampler: panna cotta, flourless chocolate torte, berries  Everything was delicious and fresh! Service was great.  We also had breakfast here and it was good too.  Highly recommended!!!!  

                Came here with a party of 12 on a Friday night. Staff were excellent the whole time! We had 2 waitresses and both had an eye us the entire time... Literally! We could get their attention from across the restaurant with just eye contact.   Food was good! Because we were a large group, we had a fixed menu. We had their wings for an appetizer. I expected sweet, but it was pleasantly spicy too. I had the salmon and my husband had the lamb chop. The salmon sauce was the same as the wings sauce. Luckily I liked the sauce! My husbands lamb chop was just ok to me.   This is a nice spot that is conveniently located. OH, and they do not have a corkage fee.... So bring your good wine!  I look forward to returning soon, to try out food on their regular menu.  

                We ate breakfast here twice while staying at the Doubletree and both times it was  great.  I had a specially prepared omelet both times and it was delicious.  The service was really good and they had a nice spread of a buffet for breakfast including hot foods like eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes and french toast and cold foods like granola, cereals, muffins and an array of fresh juices.  Check out the white swans with black necks while your there.  They are pretty amazing looking animals and will "talk to you" if your lucky.  

                While staying at the hotel, we ate breakfast there 3 times. Each time was great and the service was always very nice. However, we must give major props to Matt, as he was extremely friendly and service orientated. He deserves 5 stars himself. Thank for the great food and service!  

                It was OK.  I had the beet salad which was good and the lettuce wraps with chicken and shrimp. The meat was drowning in a combination of what tasted like hoisin/soy sauce that eliminated any chance of identifying what meat I was eating.  The service was slow despite there being only one other table when I arrived.  I got the impression that service and quality was lax because there isn't a huge selection of restaurants to choose from. I had diner's regret because I did not drive 9 miles to a better selection in Napa.  I frequent the area for business and will not be returning.  

                Didn't eat here, stopped in for a quick drink before heading up to the hotel room. It was last call and there were actually quite a few people still at the bar. Had the blueberry mojito ($10) and it was pretty good. Atmosphere was nice, lots of booths/tables and about 6-8 bar seats. They looked like they had a buffet setup earlier, I'm assuming they offer something like that for dinner. Would have liked to been able to try the food, maybe next time.  

                Good meal and service. Convenient if staying at Double Tree particularly since there is not much else around.  

                I'm a local here in American canyon, and I may have just found my go to breakfast spot. Not a greasy spoon like the diners here and not much more expensive, possibly even cheaper! Matthew was our waiter and was the ideal waiter you could ask for. Hats off.  

                This is a nice, cozy, and inviting restaurant that I recommend. Besides the atmosphere, the waitstaff is very friendly and attentive. Although, my hubby is my #1 chef, the food here is exceptional.  Its a must try!  

                I am, by nature and by profession a traveler. Travel is likened to pilgrimage and this wandering pilgrim needs to feed when on the road.  My journey took me to Napa and by chance to Gaia Restaurant.  Nine times out of ten I'll have nothing to do with a restaurant that is a part of a hotel. Traveling has taught me that many of them, heck, most of them serve sub par food and water down drinks. I recall a trip to the east coast that involved eating in such an establishment where I ordered a simple salmon dish. I cringe just thinking about it: dry, burnt, poorly made. And it took the place over an hour to finally get the dish right. Shame on me for sticking around.  That was not my experience at Gaia. In fact, this place was surprisingly good.   Atmosphere: Nothing notable here save the buffet which is ample. Service: Good. Coffee came quickly, and order was taken promptly. Recommend: Surprisingly, the buffet! The price point for the selection was very good and includes beverages. Drinks: There's a full bar here...amazing! Price point: The buffet is around $14.00. Order from the menu and you'll pay more.  

                Casual place with live music and great bartenders at least this is what we experience the time we went .we were there on a friday night and loved the place will be back for sure!  

                Good food, great staff, really nice environment. Beautiful pond and adjoining pool/hot tub. Spa has steam room. Nice crowd, not too noisy. Beautiful indoor water feature.  

                Great bartenders! They make really good drinks, have a nice wine selection. Also breakfast here was surprisingly really good!  

                This is a small restaurant in the Hilton Days Inn. As you enter its dimly lit. The seats are hard you feel like getting up but once seated you feel comfortable. The fun begins when Christina walks in. Then its all endless laughter... We ordered Beet root and walnut salad tasted awesome and came out in a few minutes. Then we ordered the grass fed beef burger and their vegetarian burger. These are big enough that two people can easily share one. By the time we got up we were stuffed. There were side order of onion rings and french fries with each burger enough to feed a family. I told Christina she is the happiest person in this town and she laughed .  Super experience.  

                I live around the corner from this place and the first few times I went there, I would have rated them 4+ stars.  The place is never busy when I go in, they have great food, good location, and a nice atmosphere.  The wait staff even remembers me even though I only go in about every three months.  The second to last time I was there, it took a long time to get the first round of drinks.  More than five minutes.  It doesn't sound like much but the place was empty except for two other tables of seven total people.  They actually came over to take a dinner order before even asking about drinks.  I even had to ask for more water a couple of times with my glass being empty.  Please keep in mind that the place was empty and I saw the wait staff stacking glasses and doing other mundane things, when they could have been paying better attention to their few customers.  But, at least the food was top notch.  Last night, I go there, and it's the same crappy, relatively slow service.  There are literally two other tables, with two people each and one lady at the bar.  After four mins at the table with nothing but menus and the place deserted, my wife finally goes to the bar and asks for a server.  The bartender, doing nothing but minor things, comes right over and takes a drink order.  Our table is in plane sight of the bartender, so I am miffed that we even had to ask.  One drink was a diet soda and that came within minute.  At the same time, I can hear them shaking my Martini.  I was actually running the stop watch on my phone.  I was watching too.  She poured the Martini, then let it sit on the bar while she folded napkins and other non-time-pressing tasks for over four minutes, making it over 8 mins before I got a drink in an empty restaurant (and not for the first time).  Then, she finally brings it over.  This makes me sound nitpicky and impatient.  But keep in mind, the housekeeping and preparing shouldn't take precedence over your customers.  My philosophy is get their drinks on the table right away and you have time to take care of other stuff while they socialize and look at menus.  If this was the only thing, I probably wouldn't take the time to write.  But, I had the NY steak, and for the first time, I actually got terrible food.  The beat salad appetizer was the best, as usual.  But the NY steak was one of the toughest, fattiest, and chewiest I have ever eaten.  I never send anything back, as I (and my wife) have worked in restaurants.  Your food might taste better next time around, but your eating spit and other things, in some cases.  I would rather fix the problem than complain, but they don't even have a website with contact info, that I can find.  I hope the manager sees this and feels free to email me <a href="mailto:jerry@drivenasa.com">jerry@drivenasa.com</a>  I can't wait to go back, but these items need to be fixed ASAP.  Jerry Kunzman American Canyon, CA PS: Under any acceptable circumstance I ALWAYS tip 20%  PPS: This place is pretty expensive.  I don't mind paying the price, but for $140-$160 for three people, and a 20% tip, I would expect better.  

                After traveling for five days in n California, this was an excellent choice for dinner and breakfast. We appreciate fresh farm to table food and this restaurant did not disappoint. Service excellent and reasonably priced.  Menu is interesting and chefs are great  

                The vodka cranberry was all cranberry no alcohol. Order beer or wine , so they don't short poor you a drink.  The salmon was over cooked, the rice and the spinach was good.   You can try for yourself, but you probably won't be back.  I ate here for convenience, but will try something different in the future  

                Great breakfast buffet and very nice staff!  

                Four of us ate there last night and all of us enjoyed our entire meal.  I had the Seafood Spinach Gnocchi.  It was STUPENDOUS!  The gnocchi were light as air, unlike any I've ever had before.  There were about 4 large shrimp and maybe 4 large scallops that were cut into smaller pieces making more like 13 or 14 small bites of scallops.  The sauce was a light curry-flavored sauce - not spicy hot though.  I'd never had curry flavor with seafood and the mix of gnocchi, seafood and the sauce was perfection.  I asked our waitress if the gnocchi were house made and she said yes, so I am VERY impressed.  I don't live anywhere NEAR this place but the next time I'm down in the Napa area for ANY reason I will go here!  As much as I wanted to eat my entire plate of gnocchi, I saved back a bit for a 'doggie bag' so I could take some home to enjoy one more time!   Oh, by the way, the house 'soup' was a hearty vegetable with kale, zucchini, carrots, broccoli, and possibly a few other obviously fresh vegetables in a lovely tomatoey broth.  It was served with toasted French bread that was sprinkled with some parmesan cheese and possibly a touch of garlic.  We ate every bit of it too.   Two at our table ordered the Scallop Sliders.  Hmmm - they both agreed that the flavor was great (a nice 'sauce' on the slider too) but the sliders were too thick and the bread crumbled as they ate it. They would have preferred to have the scallops served on a piece of that nice toasted bread to eat with a knife and fork.     Our waitress was very nice and attentive too.  We had a wonderful experience and would recommend this place.  The only thing keeping me from giving this the 5-star rating was the fact that the sliders bread fell apart as my co-diners tried to eat it.  

