                The best Asian food around. Every time I go, there's a positive experience brought back with me.   One time, I was hungry. Really hungry. The waiter (owner) comes out and brings a bowl of hot sour soup. Not only was it delicious, but I let him know and he gave me an entire soup container to go.   Another time they were closed. But I came in and asked if we could order something. The girl working there answered yes, as long as it was to go. So... They stayed open half an hour later than usual to get me and my friend an order to go.   All stories come with complementary organic fruits like mangoes, plums, and as many fortune cookies you can stuff into your pocket.   This is all accompanied by their gracious demeanor, which is refreshingly awesome to be around someone who gives that kind of care to their customers.   Oh yeah, order whatever. It's all good.  

                Wonderful food and service!   I am a nanny and ordered dinner for the kids. Everything arrived exactly on time (and I mean EXACTLY), the driver was very nice and the food was packed up perfectly (the tempura box was even ventilated to keep it from being soggy).   We had fried rice, chow mein, tempura, salad, pepper beef and mu shu. No complaints, everything was finished off! I highly recommend their delivery service for your next movie night in!  

                I believe this restaurant just opened recently. Great little hidden gem. Wait staff is awesome. Great food and generous portions. They serve a combination of Chinese and Japanese food including sushi. And they have lunch menu all day.   Dessert was a incredibly fresh melon, fortune cookies and chocolate. And after paying the bill the waiter comes out with a bag of delicious plums as a take home gift, incredibly pleasant surprise.   Leaving the restaurant the owners had a lush display of offerings for Chinese new year. I'm wishing great luck for this restaurant.   Looking forward to coming back.  

                Sorry, if you are Asian and come in here to eat. The servers will serve the non-Asians first although you have been sitting and waiting for awhile. The 2 other tables of people had the exact same amount of people in their group as we did.   This sucks because I'm trying have a nice dinner with my husband and he is not happy which makes the whole family uncomfortable.   They give you fruit for free - that is nice, they did the same thing last time.  My soy sauce tray had old rice stuck to the side of it. Not clean enough.   The tables that sat down after us were able to get their food before us and my daughter had to wait and extra 15 minutes for her little California roll after we all received our orders. Poor thing was hungry and then they came out and showed us the tab where we ordered food to show us what we ordered. And we had to tell them that the first person that ordered never received what she asked for. They tried to make it up by giving the kids mango juice.   But now, I'm not hungry because my husband is upset and my daughter is hungry and what a waste of the sushi I ordered.   Now, because of their poor service, we can't eat here anymore. I thought this place had potential.  The restaurant gets stars for free parking, decor and free fruit.  

                After seeing the great reviews I decided to give this place a try. We had the sizzling rice soup, salt and pepper fish, Kung Pao prawns and pan fried noodles. All the plates were excellent. The service was good and the food was brought out quickly.  Everything tasted fresh. The plums and fortune cookies are a bonus. If your in Moraga and crave Chinese this is recommended.  

                My fiance and I were in the mood for Chinese food, so we decided to stop by Golden Palace. We had done a quick yelp search for nearby Chinese restaurants that we hadn't tried yet and we stumbled upon Golden Palace. Golden Palace is located in Moraga and has a convenient parking lot. The service is pretty good. The restaurant was pretty busy - there were a couple of huge parties there, so we were pretty glad that we got to the restaurant before they did. Golden Palace offers both Japanese and Chinese food. We decided to order off the Chinese menu - we ordered the following: beef sticks, mushu vegetable, and vegetable chow mein. The food was pretty good. Free fruit and fortune cookies for dessert. Also, three free random plums to go. We will definitely be back.  

                This place was worth the wait!! It was so delicious even though I had to wait about 15 minutes for the food. I ate the hot and spicy eggplant and it was so delicious. And after the meal they bring out fresh fruit as well as a grapefruit for you to take home!  

                It's rare I give 5 stars to restaurants but since this place has been under new managment their business has flourished due to the excellent food and service . The salt & pepper chicken wings are delicious , hong kong noodles are done just right and I was blown away by their sushi portion of the menu.  

                Decided to stop here after driving by and craving Chinese. Super happy I did! I got the pepper steak, Kung pow chicken, and the eel roll. All were delicious. I was super happy with the service. The wait staff was very attentive and friendly which is a huge plus in my book. And at the end they gave us a little fruit plate complementary for dessert. I will most def be coming back.  

                Starting at $8, the lunch specials come with a couple egg rolls, soup or salad, and choice of entree with steamed/brown rice.  Generals chicken was different here, instead of the usual dark and spicy sauce, it was topped with something that was more of a honey-like glaze, and not as spicy. But the chicken was crispy not soggy, and that's fine by me.  Combination chow mein had a good amount of meat in it, and tasty hot and sour soup too, spicy enough to compensate for the Generals chicken.  When the check comes, the fun starts.  I got a fruit plate, a basket of 8 fortune cookies, and plastic container of cherry tomatoes.  And they do it for everyone, depending on what produce they have. Can't wait to see what I get next time!  

                Came here based on all the gushing reviews, but left pretty disappointed. The food was very good, but not exceptionally so. The service was mediocre at best. The places was only half full at lunch, but they managed to miss several parts of of our order, including bringing out a bowl of soup at the same time as our bill. As others have noted, the timing of the sushi and Chinese dishes doesn't seem to work... we were halfway through our kung pao chicken when others in our party got their rolls. Not sure there is a good way to fix that problem, but they should try. Everyone raves about the free fruit at the end of the meal, but it didn't do much for me... the watermelon was terrible (as expected in the middle of winter) so why bother serving it? A bag of mangoes is a nice gesture, but I would have rather had the soup I ordered...   So: not a bad meal, but nothing special. I wouldn't put up a fuss if someone else wanted to eat here, but I wouldn't go back on my own.  

                My boyfriend and I were going to do a picnic in our old stomping grounds and he wanted Chinese food so I thought of this place even though I hadn't been in a very long time. The guy who helped us was incredibly kind and kept throwing free things in our bag! It was such a nice gesture that it put this place over the top. The Kung pao chicken was absolutely delicious and the sweet and sour chicken was tasty - Kung pao was the favorite though. Thanks Golden Palace! I know we will be back!  

                We love this place. The kids pick it to go to for every birthday. They have gluten free soy sauce and you can order gluten free menu items. We like they food and you can get sushi and Chinese food all at one place.  Sometimes the service is a little too casual, but we are usually not in a hurry. They do have a big screen if you dont want to miss an event. Friendly staff and they usually bring you a complimentary  fruit tray at the end of your meal.  Also, they give you some sort of organic fruit or vegetable when you leave.  

                Well, the service has tightened up, and I gladly have forgotten and withdraw my previous complaint. This is definitely the best Chinese restaurant in town :-) - glad to see them succeeding.  

                Very Generous portions! My husband and I both ordered sushi. Both of our meals were fresh and delicious. Complimentary fruit for dessert!  

                Great restaurant, excellent customer service!!! Awesome food and beyond extraordinary menu!  We love it!!!  

                This IS one magical place.   Chinese & Japanese cuisine both done very well.  The owner Jay is extremely accommodating and this restaurant is at the top of my list for Asian food in the Bay Area. Moraga is out in the middle of nowhere,  but it's worth a visit when you're out in the eastbay.  

                Food was ok.  The CA rolls tasted like mayo- but my daughter like them.  The Mongolian Beek was Mongolian onions- only a few slices of beef.  The Chow Mein was ok- my daughter thought the shrimp tasted strange.  However, I swear I ordered Chow Fun online but was changed to Chow Mein on our receipt- I didn't notice until my husband came home with Chow Mein.  

                I love the mango chicken and good service  At Golden palace, I come here every time I'm bless with a job in moraga. Tony Nguyen  

                Wow...yet another restaurant at this building. I need a playbill to keep track of what business is currently serving flavorless food at this address. I have a review of only one other local Asian restaurant and as far I'm concerned, that place got everything right and is why people always pack the place.  Imitation is said to be the sincerest form of flattery, especially when it works. From the Chinese/Japanese menu.. to the free stuff, Golden Palace has successfully copied a winning recipe pioneered by that other local establishment, for pleasing the local crowd. This lunch was my first time dining here and I must say it was rather good. We ordered the Mango Shrimp, the Japanese Bento box with Salmon teriyaki and Veggie tempura as well as some California rolls for the kiddos.   The meals came with a soup du jour..which on this day was hot and sour soup which was flavorful and actually had a good blend of sour and heat. If you like those sweet creamy Japanese salad dressings as I do, you'll enjoy what they have here for the free starter salad. The Mango Shrimp had a slight sweetness to it which complements the slight tangy flavor from the mangoes...the dish was kinda...boring though. You can't help but feel somehow unsatisfied. The Salmon teriyaki however was great! Nice and tender with a crisp skin and a generous serving of tempura. I totally recommend this combo. Today...yeah, I'd give it 4 stars. Good food and good service...as long as they don't change, they can maybe finally put an end to the revolving door of restaurants at this location.  

                They go out of their way to provide you the freshest fish and whenever we order a pick up give us loads and loads of fruits, crackers and candies! Which restaurant does that? That is very sweet of them.   There is not a single item on their menu that we don't like. Especially their Chinese food. Their Chinese food is the best in entire Bay Area. The owner is very pleasant to talk to and cares about customers. I highly recommend this restaurant and dining here is such a pleasant experience so is take out.   On the sushi side I highly recommend their Lion King Roll, Spicy Tuna roll, Californian Roll and on the Chinese side pretty much everything on their Chinese food menu is good!  You Go Golden Palace! Keep it up!  

                We were a little hesitant to try this spot because there was not very many people in there when we went in, but decided to give it a try! We are so glad that we did, the food was fresh, and good tasting. After we were seated we were brought a bag of fruit (three mangos) then a complementary order of sushi. Our food arrived fast and was full of taste. The  salt and pepper fish was delicious, and the crab wontons were tasty as well. We have a new spot to dine at. At the end of our dinner they brought us out a plate of watermelon. Service was great.  

                Amazing service and the place looks great!! They gave us some free mangos to take home!  

                I went in there a few months ago and walked out because nobody waited on me but I thought I would give them another shot and I'm glad I did ........everyone makes mistakes....... Very clean place, lots of extras, food was great and service was much better! Give them a try, you'll be glad you did!  

                Excellent service !!!  Excellent food very fresh and nice flavor. I  recommend this restaurant.  

                Delicious food  +  cozy place  +  attentive service  +  good location  =  one of the bests if not the best restaurant in Moraga.  Need I say more? Then, I'm surely coming back again and again and again.....  

                I tried this place because a friend recommended it to me. I was skeptical at first due to the large number of Asian food restaurants in Moraga with average food. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food and service. The servers seem to really care about the experience you have at the restaurant being prompt to bring both food and drink. The food was excellent and a reasonable price. I have enjoyed the orange chicken, sweet and sour pork, and chicken fried rice. Everything that I have ordered was hot and had good taste.   I have also had lunch here and I think they have one of the best deals in Moraga. For two people it was roughly $25 for an orange chicken lunch, a prawn dish, California rolls (6), a coke, two small salads and soups.   First timers tips: The servers are very eager to take your order feel free to tell them you need a minute. They are not being push they are simply trying to give you great service.  

                I definitely love love love this place!  The pple who work here r great & friendly pple. They really care about their customers, and serve delicious food. Also, the decor is modern & chic. It consist of two huge plasma tv to watch shows and a side bar with stool if you want to drink and/or eat.  In my recent visit here, I came with my friend to order a sushi dinner in mind. My friend ordered the caterpillar roll & cucumber roll, while I ordered the loin king roll.  It was all fresh & delicious! You can also order a Japanese soda. We had the strawberry flavor. It's good, and we were happy that it's served cold since the weather outside is like summer now. The other nice thing about the service was being given a complimentary fruit platter with a creative presentation. It had strawberry, watermelon, & mango.   Overall, this is what anyone who come to this restaurant can expect a great service from. It's all based from their mission statement, too, by serving "fresh, organic, msg-free" delicious food. Just amazing!  I would recommend for anyone to go to this place for lunch or dinner whenever you are close to Moraga. It's worth it!  

                I believe ownership of this restaurant has recently changed and it shows...in a great way!  We were very impressed with the quality of the food, the sushi and the friendly and attentive staff!  Great addition to the Lamorinda area!  

                First off, let me say that I have lived in Moraga for 5 years and this is the 3rd asian restaurant I have seen at this location.  As we drive by each day we comment that we are surprised someone does not try something else... all prior establishments were perpetually empty which does not make for a good dining experience.  So, we never dined at this location in the past.  In the last couple of days we were surprised to see that there were actually people eating inside and decided today to give it a try.  The service was friendly but the food comes out in a strange order.  We got water first, then chicken fried rice, edamame, seaweed salad, miso soup, mongolian beef, finally our last course was the sushi orders.  We thought this was kind of strange and lacked flow...    The food was really good.  Their fare is organic with no msg and gluten free sauces.  Their soy sauce is organic and low sodium.  The food was good, hot and not over-seasoned with a great mix of flavors.  The salmon in the sushi was superb and the lemon slices were paper thin, which was great.  We had the 49er roll and the dynamic roll and both were great, although the dynamic roll was huge and difficult to eat.  The wait staff was attentive and we did not need to ask for anything during the meal.  We will be back.  When we got there we noticed they also offer free delivery which is really nice, although we live just down the street.  Prices were reasonable and comparable to other asian spots throughout Lamorinda.  Not sure if they are affiliated with or owned by Asia Palace, but the type of cuisine offered, organic ingredients, name and also the fact that they gave us produce as we walked out, led me to think there was some kind of affiliation or competition going on.  If it stays consistent though we will be back.  

                Had the bento box with salmon and nigiri. Really good. Not the most amazing sushi but not bad. Super nice service, miso and egg roll appetizers, fresh fruit too! Well worth $10 plus tax and a generous tip. They cooked the salmon crispy with a little skin which makes it much more flavorful and tender. Lots of variety for the price. Funny mix of Chinese and Japanese all at once, but they make it feel normal.  

                Awesome!!! This place under new ownership I think is awesome !! Our Lamorinda family's new favorite spot, kids and parents alike. Service is super friendly.  Food is exceptional. We have Asian restaurants in Orinda but go to moraga because it's worth it. Kids love the Japanese sodas and free fruit brought to table. Mom and dad love the food and tvs. You will love golden palace!  

                Really clean, open late for Moraga, food is good, if anything a bit on the pricey side, but otherwise very good. There is a large tv in the dining room that is always playing something interesting.  

                There is no way anyone should give this place 5 stars. Maybe for customer service a 4, but not for the food. First of all we walked in and it was smoky and very hot inside. They really need to fix their a/c. I couldn't wait to get out of there. This is HUGE improvement over the restaurant that was here before which is a good thing. They redid the inside and it looks  better but do we REALLY need a HUGE big screen in the main part of the restaurant. It was a distraction to me. This restaurant attracts a ton of kids and they are noisy. Now the food. Pot stickers were ok (I have definately had better but they were fine), the sweet and sour shrimp was good but no where as good as Uncle Yus in Lafayette and the fried rice was ok. Yes they bring you fruit, and keep bringing more fruit as you eat. Enough already. I don't really like my waiter walking around with veggie boxes as I eat. The price of the entrees are as expensive as Uncle Yus which they shouldn't be but then I guess you have to pay for those plums that land on your table somehow. After a long wait to get our bill (and bringing more fruit to the table, sigh) we had to finally go up to the cashier to pay our bill. People were waiting. You would think they would want to get rid of us. Moraga doesn't need any more chinese restaurants, but at least  this one is ok. I might try it again. Maybe, maybe not. Its not the worst, but not the best. I give props to Jay the owner who as least is trying! Thats a 5! Our 1 appetizer, 2 entree and rice came to $44. No cocktails, no tea or soda.  

                Amazing food, incredible taste, combine Chinese and Japanese style, so creative. Must try the lamp chop. Easy to find a parking, and the service is so friendly and attentive, I will recommend all my friends to come!  

                So pleased to discover this gem in our backyard!  Excellent food.  Chinese selections are tasty and light-- not heavy or greasy.  Even the sushi is VERY good.  I'm picky about my nigiri and their fish is fresh and nicely prepared.  Salmon nigiri...mmmm.    And the unagi is lovely-- no weird fishy taste as you get some (many) places.    Service is prompt, accurate and friendly.  Atmosphere is good.  There are TVs to watch if you want and wireless.    They give you beautiful fruit to eat and take at the end of the meal-- on the house.   The wine list actually has real and nice choices.    This is hands down the best restaurant in Moraga and Orinda.  We will be coming here again and again.  

                We were there for lunch today. Although we found a little strange that a Japanese restaurant also serves some of Chinese menu, the food actually did taste really really good. It was a bit busy during the lunch time, but we could see the server did try her best to manage all her tables. The In and out took us about 45 minutes. Nice service and good foods, will definitely come back!  

                This is some of the best service I've EVER received in a Chinese restaurant.  And this is after 50+ years growing up in the Bay Area as Chinese and practically living in both Chinatowns (Oakland and The City).  A very sunny and open atmosphere greeted us as we came here on a whim on a Sunday afternoon around 2ish.  Big smiles, automatic waters and complimentary hot and sour soups from the beginning.  My girlfriend ordered the pork fried rice (not the cha siu type) and I had a bento box with tempura vegetables and 3 pieces of nigiri (two hamachi and one saba).  Piping hot egg rolls came complimentary during our meal.  Service was quick and with more smiles.  The fried rice is more the Northern China style (less greasy than Cantonese style).  The tempura batter was light and let the flavors of the eight pieces of fresh vegetables (mushroom, eggplant, zucchini and asparagus) shine through.  The rice that came with the bento was sprinkled with some Japanese style flavorings (seaweed and something else).  The hamachi and saba were both OK (6 out of 10)  We received a complimentary dessert of mochi (divided into four pieces) served with whipped cream, strawberries and chocolate sauce lightly drizzled over everything.  A beautiful presentation.  Individually wrapped fortune cookies arrived piled high on a decorative platter inviting us to eat as many as we wanted (we consumed one cookie).  After paying the $19.00 for the entire meal, we were given TWO one pound containers of Dole strawberries and a flyer for 10% off our next visit.  I was absolutely amazed at the service, the complimentary items and the cost.  We are definitely returning to see what other amazing dishes are being proffered by these friendly industrious young people from Shanghai!  

                Stopped by at 3pm to grab takeout for the office.  I ordered the seaweed salad, garlic shrimp noodles, and the house special prawns. The waiter brought me a glass of iced tea and a bowl of soup while I waited, which was very considerate. The food was freshly prepared within about 10 minutes and given to me in a box. As I left I was presented a mango and an apple for dessert. On the drive back to the office the wafting smells increased my appetite. When I opened the containers, the portion of house special prawns was quite small with a large amount of rice and the appetizer had been forgotten. However, they did include another container of soup. All of the dishes were delicious, costing me a total of $25.00. The only duck on the menu was deep fried so I didn't order it.  Hope they'll consider a stir fry duck entree. I look forward to returning for a sit down and trying some of their sushi presentations. The interior is decorated nicely and I hope this restaurant will be around for a long time. Very friendly service, convenient location, reasonable prices, and excellent food.  

                I was super skeptical when my friends and I first sat down and examined the menu because restaurants that attempt to serve food from multiple countries (in this case, Chinese and Japanese) tend to be terrible. We ended up ordering a few Chinese family style dishes and rice in addition to two sushi rolls.  The food was great! It came out quickly too. As we were eating, we looked through Yelp reviews and saw multiple pictures of an interesting dish so we asked what it was and learned that it was seaweed/fried fish. Later, as we were enjoying our food, a worker brought out that dish we had asked about and it was on the house! I reaaallly liked it. Never saw that dish anywhere else before.  The servers were super friendly and brought us a plate of watermelon and grapes, tons of fortune cookies and lollipops, and 4 boxes of apples after we finished our food, all on the house.  Overall, we had a great experience and I'd definitely come back when I'm in the area.  

