                Under new ownership and still fantastic!!! I hadn't been here in awhile because of being on weight watchers and wanting to avoid Italian food. However, their salads are terrific and the new owner has longer hours which is great! Same servers and cooks and same menu so far. Hope they keep that! They have a St. Patrick's day menu and they served us Irish soda bread which was great along with Italian bread. I had the fiesta salad which was awesome and my boyfriend had the avocado and artichoke salad. Both were excellent!!! We will miss Renee as owner but are happy for her. Congrats to the new owner and we will be regulars!  

                So disappointed! I usually love this place, but tonight I called in a phone order and I was told it would be ready in 10-15 minutes, I went in 17 minutes later and was told it was going to be another 10 minutes. So I came back in 15 minutes later and was told it would be another 2 minutes, well I waited another 10 minutes! So in totaled I waited 42 minutes for my 10-15 minute order.  All I ordered was a tuna panini and a pepperoni pizza. Got home and the pizza was so gross we couldn't eat it. Neither myself, my husband or my sister even wanted to swallow the one bite we took. As for the tuna panini, the cheese wasn't even melted. We will not be going back again.  

                Had lunch here with a friend today we both order chicken parm. Was pretty tasteless sauce was watery. Pasta was over cooked we both agreed chicken parm not good  but service was good people were friendly.  

                Love that there open all day everyday now. Great place to have dinner. Love the low lights and the candles. There specials are the best and taste great. They have really friendly servers, and they are willing to work with you and make your dish just how you want it. AND THEY HAVE OUTDOOR HEATERS NOW SUCH A FUN PLACE TO BE!!!!  

                I've returned to Grazie's multiple times over the years and their Sandwiches and salads are strong lunch offerings.  You can't go wrong with their paninis the Ciao Bella being one of my favorites.    My second go to sandwich is the Grazie Chicken Club which is delicious on so many levels.  Be warned, it's a monstrous heavy chicken sandwich!  It features something unique(to me); parmasean sourdough bread which adds significant flavor to each bite of this Chicken club.  Give Grazie a try, a great lunchtime spot.  

                My wife and I have been here twice. First time, the food was good but the service was inexplicably slow. It took a very long time for them to take our order, bring our coffee, bring our order to the table and finally, to bring the check to us. The diners next to us remarked aloud how slow the service was.   The server was nice. But neither she nor anyone else seemed concerned about the slow pace of service that day. I was thinking maybe someone called in sick, a burner isn't working, whatever; let's give them the benefit of the doubt.  Last weekend, we decided to give them another try. We walked in and the place was already very crowded. Obviously a lot of people like this place. Like I said, the food, when it finally came, was good. So our decision to give them another shot seemed justified as I scanned the busy dining room.   We stood there trying to remember whether this is a 'seat yourself' establishment because no one seemed interested in asking us how many in our party, etc. So a server finally turns around and says, "I'll be with you in just a minute." Ok.  But as we're standing there waiting for her to seat us, two women walk in and slide past us to take two open window seats. And the waitress who told us to wait to be seated, smiles at the two elderly patrons and cheerfully tells them to 'go right ahead and slide by.'   At first, we thought these ladies were meeting people already seated, but no, they came in after us and just took the open seats. We were about to walk out when a busboy pointed us to two seat that had just vacated. We're walking toward the table when another patron at the adjoining table, rises and declares, "We're going to take these two seats, ok?" What? I stood there looking at the bus boy, then back to the patron, and the patron continues, "We need this table for our party, it's big and we've been waiting for the seats to open."   I didn't move. We told this patron that the employee said we could sit here. The patron condescending said, "Well, he's probably new here. He doesn't know better." Doesn't know better?! What, the new employee didn't get the memo that this a-hole is allowed to take over the restaurant because he's a long-time customer or something?   At this point, we were already headed out the door.  To whoever is in charge at Grazie: you lost a customer. This probably doesn't register with you since the place seems to do well and will probably do well for a while, regardless of our patronage. But you should know that these old customers you seem to give free rein to, won't always be here. You're not going to replace them by treating new customers as if they're expendable and/or moving at a glacial service pace when you bother to seat them. We certainly won't be those replacement customers. And I am making it a point to tell our friends and the reader of this review, that they shouldn't be, either.   There are far too many choices in Novato for anyone to have to put up with nonsense like this. Grazie is poorly managed, generally. Go elsewhere.  

                We ran across this wonderful restaurant when we were visiting Novato yesterday as we were looking for gluten free fares (thanks, yelp!).  The menu had cute kettle bells indicating paleo entrees, which was a nice touch.  The staff was friendly and accommodating for our 4 and 1 year olds.  The children's menu was extensive, and we were able to find gluten free foods for them.  The price was pretty fair.  My chicken mango salad was about $11 for decent amount of salad.  Now one great thing is that they use Edison Organic pasta, which is quinoa pasta and gluten free.  They are local as they're from Oakland and makes one of the best gluten free pastas that I have ever tasted.  In fact, it was so good that I thought they made a mistake and gave us the conventional pasta.  The manager (owner?) showed me the package, and I was delighted to find a new source of great pasta.  Everyone should decrease their gluten intake!  This is a great way.  I want to thank the establishment for caring for customers like us who are looking to enjoy our meals instead of worrying about what gluten may do to us.  

                Yum yum yum! Highly recommended for breakfast, brunch and lunch! Great quality food. Decent portions. Casual atmosphere. Quick service. Delicious salads, sandwiches and breakfasts. You pretty much can't go wrong. A favorite. We will always be back.  

                I came in thinking it was an Italian place which it states. But unfortunately it's menu had noting real Italian on it. Instead you can can get a burrito breakfast and other none Italian dishes. It's food quality is just another unhealthy dishes mixed with artificial ingredients. The coffee is awful. Customer service was okay  

                Hoping for a pleasant Sunday morning alternative to the usual coffee and pastry, the entire dining experience left me wanting more--wanting more attentive and faster service, wanting food that matched the projected cafe ambience, and more than anything else, desperately wanting a refill of coffee.  Never one to cry over spilled milk, I found myself drying milk-splattered shorts (an honest accident by our waitress, but the last straw) with a few hastily offered napkins, wondering who was unhappier--the management or the waitstaff? So many menu choices, yet so little to offer: I won't be returning to Grazie for breakfast, or any meal, as long as it maintains such low standards for service.  

                From morning to lunch, Grazie will always be there to satisfy your hunger. Their Italian styled menu includes delicious sandwiches, awesome brunch, and more. One of my favorite brunch dishes anywhere are pancakes. Grazie's pancakes are fluffy and seem tasty, so I ordered the raspberry pancakes and they did not disappoint me. They were actually the best pancakes I have had in while. In addition to that, I recommend these two sandwiches, portobello turkey burger and the chicken club. Some other amazing dishes you must try are the omelets and paninis. Overall, Grazie is a great family friendly restaurant to try.  - Cute diner blog: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fcutediner.com&s=4fb8012acc9e829f49e5f0c01e747e4b2507e03fd0a77430542c3b094c3808a0" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">cutediner.com</a>.  

                I live in Novato and almost passed on going to Grazie because of the negative reviews.  Took a shot for brunch and was delighted to have good solid food and excellent service.  Went back for their very nicely priced early breakfast and again was very pleased with the food and the fast and friendly service.  Will give them a try for dinner when I can.  

                It hurts me to give them a two star review. This used to be my favorite breakfast spot. But something has gone awry over there. The last five times I've been in, the service has been poor, the wait too long, missed order details, cold food.   I'm not sure what the shift has been, but what used to be a great spot for a yummy meal has turned into a disappointment. Hoping that there will be a change back, but it will be some time before I'm willing to give it another try.  

                Love Grazie's!  Really miss it since we moved.  For my Wife and I; this was our hang-out since it opened.  The owner's and staff are awesome they are very accommodating.  Food has always been great and the wine selection too.  I've had everything on the menu; all delicious but, my favorites are...Fiesta salad (sometimes I'd modify the order to sub hamburger for the chicken, both yummy), Ciao Bella Panini, Grazie burger on sourdough, French toast and the most wonderful red bell pepper cream soup I ever had!    It's so relaxing to sit outside on a sunny day, enjoy the great service here; like family.  Order a favorite or the special; have a glass of wine and watch the happenings on grant street.  Great times and a truly great place!!  

                The best service, nicest people, yummy food, and most accommodating restaurant in town to all the different dietary restrictions, they cater to vegans, gluten intolerant, paleo...and if it's not on the menu and you ask they will help you out without whatever your needs are without that look of  "what is wrong with you? You don't want eggs with that?" that you get at a lot of other places....plus, dollar mimosas on Sundays? can't beat it!  

                My husband and I went here for dinner a week ago.  It was great!  Our server was attentive and helped us choose which wine I should order with my entree.  He knew the food and wine they serve very well!  The food was fabulous.  My husband has also been here for breakfast, and said it was even better than the dinner!  I hope to go back for breakfast soon!  

                A favorite of ours, hanging out on the sidewalk tables. Walked away today due to no one greeted us. No one came to clear the tables, take orders or anything after ten minutes. Dirty tables are becoming an issue here, really do I have to ask you to take the time to clean the table of dirt? Needs to step up to stay in business. Now down the street at Left Coast enjoying professional service.  

                Was hoping for something better given the four stars. Sitting inside trying to eat our dinner while flies buzzed around. I couldn't help but think that if the flies are a problem out here, there must be plenty in the kitchen. Service was spotty (table sitting behind me right now is complaining about being forgotten) but friendly.  

                Hungry for something yummy?  Looking to meet someone in a warm, friendly environment?  Want quality food?  Maybe you need a bit of adjustment because of dietary restriction?  Grazie does it.  Service and customer satisfaction is truly the goal here.  Being a vegan, that does not eat gluten, makes me a regular and a PITA, (yes, it's true) but the Grazie folks take that in stride and advise, adjust and recommend till I'm satisfied.  I've eaten here so often, and have always been fed well along with any of my guests.  Sometimes I'm there multiple times a week.  Breakfast outside is a perfect weekend activity, birthday dinners, no problem, got a group, with a call ahead, they can dish you up.  In this world of "I don't eat...." The Grazie folks never shrink away from providing the excellent service we want, and rarely see nowadays.  Bravo Grazie!!!  

                As I was heading up to Napa for a business trip a few days ago, hunger pangs drove me to make a quick detour for lunch.  The detour took me into the city of Novato, where I soon found myself sitting down at Grazie, a fairly good Italian restaurant that is located along Novato's "eatery row" on Grant Street.  For the most part, I enjoyed my lunch there quite a bit, even though it had a few small culinary blemishes that kept it from being a perfect, five-star meal.  My lunch started out with an Italian chicken noodle soup that was fairly hearty and piping hot.  The soup was in all likelihood made with pre-boxed chicken stock, but at least the bits of chicken,  tomatoes, onion, carrots, and other ingredients that they mixed into the stock were fresh.  They had more body and texture to them than they would have had if they had been sitting around in a can for a while.  Overall, it was a good soup, albeit a tad on the salty side for my taste.  Once I had finished the soup, the La Grazie panini that I had ordered came out, along with a heaping mound of salad.  The salad was amazing, with a very fresh assortment of slightly bitter leaf lettuces complementing and contrasting sharply with the sweetness of its cherry tomatoes and  the richness of its creamy gorgonzola dressing.  It was simple, but the freshness and quality of its ingredients put it over the top.   The panini was almost perfect.  The bread was a nice Italian bun, properly grilled in a panini press so that it was crispy on the outside, but soft and warm on the inside, which was slathered with a nice, tangy aioli.  Inside the bun were incredibly fresh, peeled red bell peppers, mozzarella cheese, basil, and arugula, as well as some grilled chicken, which I added for an additional fee.  Unfortunately, it was the chicken that fell a bit short for me.  It was a little tough and slightly dried out at the edges, as if it had been part of a batch that had been cooked earlier that morning and then set under a heat lamp or on a warming plate for just a bit too long.  The panini was still delicious, but the slightly overcooked chicken added an off note to it.  The restaurant itself was nicely done in an informal, Tuscan-like style, with lots of rich burgundy on the cabinets, earthy browns and tans on the floor, grays on the ceiling, and sage green on the walls.  It was modest in size, but made up for this with plenty of outdoor seating that can be pleasant on a sunny day.  Service was attentive but not fussy, and the food itself was mostly very fresh, vibrant, and well-executed, albeit with the few missteps noted above.  Grazie left me with a fairly good, solid first impression, so I am giving it a 4/5 star rating.  

                I tried the Special Turkey burger.  It was full of flavor. I liked the whole wheat bun. Good menu selection.  

                The food was good but the male server needs to attend a refresher course on attentiveness.  To Melissa C. who e-mailed me today...I tried to reply but Yelp replied that the address was not correct ???  Here was my reply:  We came in for dinner.  If I remember correctly, he had facial hair, but I can't be certain.  We've been there a few times, so if I recognize him, I'll write to you again.  

                Grazie's is consistently the best food in town.  They will happily accommodate food preferences.  I've had them modify a number of menu items to gluten free/vegan.  They have the best GF pasta and the potato scramble they've created is delicious.  The salads are always fresh and generous and so are the smiles from the servers. I can't recommend it highly enough.  

                WTF I hate the be this guy. But what freakin italian store doesnt sell their entrees tell after 2 PM!? Until then enjoy a sandwhich or breakfast lawl. Bleh goin to olive garden.  

                I came here about a year ago and remember having some really great brussel sprouts with something for dinner and came here again for lunch today. We sat outside to enjoy the weather. I cad the grilled chicken and mango salad and hubby had a burger w/ house salad. The salad was off their special menu, it was pretty good, the chicken was tender (not dry) with a nice dressing and the mango was ripe, it was nice to sit outside and enjoy the weather.  

                Awesome Food. Service can be a little slow. They recently decided to not do dinner Sunday through Thursday which is unfortunate.  

                Delicious. Staff is so-so. Wait time can be extremely long.  

                My rating would be 3 1/2 stars, however as this option is not available I choose to be graceful and go up.  Have been here many times and never been disappointed with the food, but the service has been pretty bad at times.  This time I went for lunch and had the flank steak salad, which was excellent. Their salads are always very fresh and refined.  This time the service was very good.  

                A little surprised to see Grazie rated as a 4-star restaurant, because I had a very, very average dinner there.  With a packed dining room on a Saturday night, service was definitely lacking. We opted to skip the appetizer menu after seeing the fried risotto balls presented as two monstrous, unappetizing balls doused in marinara sauce on a nearby table.  I ordered the grilled halibut for my main entrée, but no grill marks were to be found (except on the neighboring asparagus), leading me to believe that the fish was far from grilled. It was presented sitting atop quinoa, which was nicely cooked, but oddly paired with cucumbers (!!) and tomatoes (!!). I just didn't get the combination...at all. The components were okay to eat individually, but together? Just an un-grilled mess.  I also sampled the penne pasta dish, which was not good...at all. However, the mini pizza with peaches, goat cheese, and pecans was probably the tastiest dish on the table! The sweetness of the peaches combined with the tartness of the cheese, and crunch of the nuts was a pizza topping combination unlike any other that I've tried.  Dessert was an utter disaster. We ordered tiramisu, which was a shameful representation of the normally delightful dessert. It was everything that tiramisu is not: dense, cake-y, lacking rum flavor, lacking cocoa...just wrong in so many ways. Who puts a Hershey's chocolate syrup layer on top of tiramisu!? I could go on and on...  

                Grazie offers up good food in an appealing environment, and despite occasional, minor service glitches, is a place I will return again and again.  The location, right on charming Grant Ave., features a nice patio in front of the restaurant and attractive decor inside the restaurant.  Grazie always seems to be packed, but I've never had to wait more than a few minutes for a table.    My favorite menu items include the crab cakes, asparagus fries with chipotle aioli and the Sole Meuniere.  The sandwiches and burgers are reliably tasty and cooked perfectly.  The gorgonzola bacon burger is totally indulgent.    They also have a really extensive kids' menu, which is nice. In addition to the usual pizza and macaroni, they also offer things like grilled chicken, gnocchi and steak.  Not bad!  My kiddo was pleased with his pizza, while my husband and I got to indulge in something a little more sophisticated.  I haven't had breakfast here yet, but have heard good things.  I'm sure I'll be returning to check it out!  

                Great staff and delicious food. Lot of variety in their menu. Breakfast burger was too good!  

                I have tried this Italian cage style downtown restaurant several times.   Overall I haven't been impressed.   The food is ... Ok. Paninis are a good, safe choice. What drags this place down is the service.   Yes this place is popular and busy. I'm sorry you don't know how to staff properly but that's not my problem.  Always takes forever for a waitress to even take on order let alone deliver food.   Servers are always frazzled and stretched thin.   I'll pass in the future, food doesn't stand out enough to deal w the chaos.  

                A wonderful place with great ambiance for business lunches, conveniently located on Grant Ave in Novato. Give this place a shot, try a new salad or panini, you won't be disappointed!  

                One of the special things about Grazie is their outdoor sidewalk seating. The interior is very nice but I love sitting outside on a nice day watching pedestrians in the beautifully revitalized Novato old town.  California has such great weather - I don't know why we don't have more sidewalk seating!   I've lunched here often after hiking in Novato's open space. I gravitate toward the salads, which have always been good, and I like the option of adding prawns or chicken to any of them.  There used to be an excellent grilled salmon salad that seems to have disappeared (unless it was a special) and I miss it. Last week we had the calamari as an appetizer and it was crispy and served with two dipping sauces. Every now and then I've tried a panini and found them to be rich and tasty but I followed up the calamari with the Napa salad and wasn't disappointed!  

                With news of Aimee's departure and the manager addressing customer service concerns, my family and I tepidly returned this Sunday for another try. Well, I am happy to report that we had a wonderful Sunday brunch with the detailed care of Renee. Renee was very sweet and addressed all our dietary concerns with the utmost care. And the food was, as usual, fantastic!   I really appreciate that management took our concerns seriously and addressed them so quickly. So, thank you, Melissa! We will be returning for many more scrumptious meals for years to come.  

                I have been going to Grazie's for a couple of years now, I always expect the service to be bad and only go there when I have no other obligations pressing.The food is always excellent, which is the only reason I keep going back. I went there with my daughter two days ago and experienced the even worst service ever. Our server lost our order ticket, while she was only tending four tables! After a 45 min wait after being seated at table she brought us an order which wasn't even remotely ours and then promised us that she would return with the correct order within 3 to 4 minutes (the thought flashing through my mind was "then why does it always take soooooo long to get fed here!?"). She was very apologetic about the mistake, I told her if it would really only take that long, then I would wait for her to bring out the food, otherwise I really felt like leaving. It took another 15 minutes as another larger table was getting their food served. The food finally arrived after well over an hour's wait, yes it was good, but wasn't tasting as good as it should because of the bad taste lingering there. The server never came back to check on us to see if everything was alright, picked up the empties, and as I pulled out my card to pay and ask for the bill, she told me that the food was on the house. I didn't come here to get a free meal, the gesture was appreciated. Thank you for the food, Grazie, you have good food, but there needs to be a far better system for your wait staff. I've been a server, there are not that many tables in the restaurant, look at the feedback that abounds in the other reviews: good food, bad service. I did leave her a tip. I rate 4.5 stars for the food 1.5 for the service.  

                My family and I absolutely LOVE Grazie!  I have been there at least a dozen times, and I've never had a meal at Grazie that I didn't enjoy.  I especially love the Risotto Alla Roma, and my sister and mom love the "Take Me To Napa" Salad with chicken.  Appetizers, soups, salad, specials, and main dishes have all been delicious.  I highly recommend Grazie to anyone who hasn't eaten there before!  

                My lunch the other day was a reminder as to why I've only been here once before.   The service was absolutely terrible.  Did I really need SIX different servers/bussers????  Apparently yes because no one could ever remember what I'd ask for.  I'd ask one server for something and get the customary "yes right away" response, and then he or she would never return!  I'd have to flag someone else down.  And I'm not talking a lemon wedge for my water, I'm talking about menus, silverware, a children's menu for my daughter, you know, the basics.  No one ever checked to see if the food was ok (it was fine, nothing to write home about).  Had to ask for my check from 2 different people and then neither of them ever came back with the check but magically a 3rd person showed up with it.   Just complete lack of organization and communication.  Friendly faces on the staff but totally clueless.  Oh, and one of my waitresses I overheard complaining to the man sitting solo behind my table, about how "Marin people are anal", and we expect everything, like silverware so quick (last part slightly paraphrased as I can't remember verbatim).  Yes, I do expect to have silverware ---it's how I eat my damn meal!  This girl was atrocious with such attitude and a valley girl-like grating voice.  She must've known the guy behind me or just had incredible nerve because every time she stopped by his table she was bitching about her job and life and customers to him.  I wish I had put her in her uppity, self-righteous place.    Will NEVER go here again nor recommend to anyone.  

                This place has a great affordable brunch. The service has always been good and extra friendly. This is the best place for brunch in Novato along with Hilltop. Much better in every way than Marvin's down the street.  

                Grazies' has gone through a few changes in the last 10 years. Presently it has the original owner running things. I went there on a Sunday and found it to be very busy. We ordered something not available at Brunch time, but they made an exception and served it anyway. This is what makes a restaurant, when you get what you came for. This is what we all remember, long after we leave. The burger was great, and my daughter cleaned her plate. Its hard to find good restaurants in Marin, so we appreciate their effort, and we'll be happy to return.  

