                SamosasSamosasSamosasSamosas  Did I mention the samosas????? Get them. One is a meal, but get two because they are sooooo goooood!  

                located in a shabby , run down area  ordered the chicken biryani, cheese and zatar manakeesh. food was sub par. have had better manakeesh and I can make better biryani for Pete's sake.   the lady owner pushed us to order chicken tikka biryani and not chicken biryani but we prefer to make our own menu choices. it was probably cz the chicken biryani really failed to Impress.   will not return nor recommend.  

                We got a take-out order last week at Gulzaar Halaal, and I think that it this place may become our new go-to spot for halaal.  We got beef kabob and chicken tikka.  The meats were very moist, tender, and tasty.  The chicken samosas were excellent, too.  We definitely want to come back to Guizaar to try the manakesh, kebab wraps, hummus, and baklava, which the cooks apparently make at the restaurant itself.  The restaurant itself looks very clean but not ostentatious, and the staff seems very nice.  The prices are very reasonable, too.  

                5 stars hands down! I love this place, the first time I came, I was skeptical. But I fell in love after a bite. I ordered the kebab wrap and a side of rice, which were both mouth watering. The service was fast and I was able to be back to work in no time during my lunch break.   The owner was also extremely nice and made sure I was satisfied with what I ordered! I love how it was family owned and run.   Since my first visit I have been back on multiple occasions :) nom  

                Definitely a fan of Gulzaar! This place is located kinda in the cutz of San Jose, and it looks like a pretty run down place in general, but inside was okay. I don't think there's a parking lot, but you can park along the street around it.  I tried their combo plate, and that shiz was cracking! Loved the rice, and the crunchy stuff they added to it. The chicken and beef was super tasty and seasoned really well. Tender and juicy. Oh, I got the spicy option, but I really didn't think it was spicy at all, at least not for me!  I really want to come back to try their chicken samosas though, when I came here they ran out and only had vegetarian, which I'm sure were pretty good too. But I just wanna get my hands on those chicken samosas!  Definitely would come back here! Food was exceptional! Service was really friendly, and they sure do aim to please!  

                I went here and I ordered chicken samosa. It was so good! I hate the parking, so hard to find one... will come back  

                Food is great been here to pick up food and my bf worked down the street couple times   We had late lunch today and I was there for like ten min maybe . Because I made a detour instead of getting to work 30 min early . I  kissed my boyfriend and was told by the owner that this is a family restaurant there is no kissing allow here, and even worst because there are children  

                This is probably one of the best hole-in-the-wall restaurants in San Jose. The atmosphere is very traditional, and I almost don't want to tell you how delicious the food is! We ordered the chicken tikka based on the owner's recommendation, one mild and one spicy. We were the only customers in the restaurant aside from a couple next to us who were finished eating, so our food came out within 10 minutes. They brought us salads on the side with tons of shredded carrots on top, which seems a little weird until you realize that the carrots are the perfect antidote to the spicy food!! No need for lassi - just take a bite of carrots afterwards and you're good to go. The chicken was cooked perfectly, and the portion sizes were very generous - we both left with doggie bags. I highly recommend making a trip here.  

                This is my favorite place in the South Bay. The food can be made spicy and of the highest quality! Serving size is great and will have enough for another meal! Parking is a bit challenging but well worth it.  

                I've had Gulzaar Halaal (GH) on my radar for quite some time. They've got solid Yelp cred: with a 4.5-star average; almost 500 reviews; and consistently ranked in the Top 10 restaurants in San Jose. The only thing keeping me from visiting sooner is my cultural heritage; being of Middle Eastern descent, it's hard for me to eat Arabic-type food without comparing it to Mom's. I know it's not fair to do that, but it is what it is. I probably would've continued to hesitate coming to GH, but my work cohort -who knows a thing or two about food- was waxing poetic to me about it. So, I finally sucked it up and we made our way there. I actually enjoyed it so much, I went there two days in a row! Here's a dish-by-dish breakdown:   Appetizers:  Chicken Samosa- Freshly deep-fried pastry filled with ground chicken and spices; it also comes with a spicy tomato chutney that was terrific. The pastry was pretty great and the chicken had good flavor. I think some cheese in there would really put it over the top, but that's neither here nor there. 4*  Manakesh:  Zaatar with Jebneh- The simplest way to describe Manakesh is to call it Arabic Pizza. I've had it with Zaatar (dried thyme, sesame seeds, & olive oil); meat; and cheese with various herbs, spices and veggies. GH's Zaatar and Jebneh (Arabic Cheese) is very unique to myself, and I've gotta say it was terrific--especially the Jebneh! I'd prefer the bread to be a little more doughy, but never mind me. 4.5*  Specialties:  Mix Plate w/ Biryani Rice- You get to pick two meats to go with the Biryani and I chose the Beef Kebab and Chicken Tikka. The Tikka was OK; a little dry and I would've liked more spice on it. The Kebabs were great; the meat was tender, spicy and tasty, but the real star was the Biryani Rice! I'm usually not a big rice guy, but I swear it tasted better and better with every bite. Great Saffron flavor and my favorite part were these little red crunchy bits that were tiny explosions of flavor. I could eat this dish every day! Tikka 3*/Kebab 4.5*/ Biryani 5*  Wraps:  Beef Kebab Wrap- GH's great Beef Kebabs, tomato, lettuce, cucumber, pickled carrots, yogurt, and mayo wrapped in a huge pita. This is a great, quick and cheap meal for only $7 it really fills you up. My only qualm would be I'd prefer less lettuce and more of the other veggies. 4*  Service & Ambiance- The owner of GH is extremely nice and seeing his young kids (Spring Break) helping out in the store was fun. This is exactly the kind of small business owner we should be supporting. GH is located in a suspect neighborhood with only street parking available. However, the store itself is clean, well decorated, and tiny (I believe it only holds ±30 patrons). It fills up fast, so get here early! 5* Service/ 4* Ambiance  Value- GH is a good value; everything runs from the $6-12 range for entrées, and the samosas are only a few bucks. 4*  I think Yelp has the rating right for GH at 4.5-stars, but I think the friendly service and good value give this place the 5-star boost. It's not quite as good as Mom's home cooking, but then again--what is?!  

                The customer service here is excellent, you'll be talked to warmly and greeted with smiles.    It's a casual spot.  They have mirrors and a giant menu on the wall.  You can eat in or take it to-go.  In my case, I had to go to work in about half-an-hour so I asked for to-go.    The waiter/host was very nice!  Waited a little for our food to be prepared, then he came to our table and told us the food was ready whenever we're ready.    We ordered beef kabobs with rice under the specialties section on the menu.  When we received our food, it smelled like magic.  Couldn't wait to get home to eat it.  Two beef kabobs with rice costed less than $27.    The food was awesome.  Despite the bright orange rice tasting a little dry, everything was flavorful and tasty.  The green sauce was creamy and had a bit of a watery consistency.  The veggies were sour, crunchy, fresh.  The beef had a nice yummy, seasoned flavor.  I loved the food.  Nice, big portion size to fill you up.  I can't wait to come back to try their other food.  

                Little brother had talked about this place for awhile and finally had a chance to check it out with him on an early Monday evening. When you first walk in, it has that mom/pop, hole in the wall feel. Warmly greeted by the owner, who is so nice and considerate your entire meal, asking how everything is, checking in on you, etc.  They have a wall menu of photos to get an idea of the food, and you are given menus as well. We went with the bolani, 2 chicken samosas, and the combination plate. Prices are very fair, I think the most expensive item was a little over $10? Their food ranges from Indian type fare such as biryani and chicken tika to chapli kebobs.  The chicken samosas were fried perfectly, and love the hot and sour dipping sauce it comes with. Lots of packed flavor. The bolani is huge and really good, almost like a vegetarian version of a samosa and 6 huge pieces. The creamy dipping sauce is good with this too. We ordered the combo plate spicy, and it totally had a good kick!Combo plate was good, chicken and beef are so well seasoned, and the rice is pretty amazing. But, my only qualm with this place and the dock of one star is the rice is pretty darn oily.  I think they make it like the biryani rice, and possibly since all I ate was fried food, but I just felt really greasy and oily afterwards.   All in all, great food and great service! Not to mention their prices are so reasonable! Parking is a bit hard if there isn't any street parking, but we were lucky!  

                I ordered mix plate with medium spicy.. 1. Descent food and tasty 2. If you a meat lover dont go its only 3piece fun size chicken and a meatloaf 3.water cup with lemon in a child foam cup with no ice.. 4. 12+$ for a plate.. Come and dine in and go figure it out your self  

                If you have chicken samosa in your mind then please please come here!!  We first checked out this place two years ago and fell in love with the food. The chicken samosa is as best as it gets! We don't come here often because its not very near to where we live but we will make the effort and drive up here! The cuisine is afgan/mediterranean. Small place. Nothing great or special. But if you have only good food in your mind you really don't care how fancy the ambiance is. My favorites are the chicken sandwich and the chicken samosas! Yes.. It is halal!  

                I am so incredibly disappointed with this silly restaurant. Why is this place so hyped? How in the hell is this place getting so many four and five star reviews???  Readers, please be aware, this is not an Indian-Pakistani restaurant AT ALL. I have no idea why they are even listed as such (apparently because there are three dishes served that are kind of like Indo-Paki food...)   There are barely any veg options whatsoever. If you're veg and want to eat mountains of grease, then this place might be OK for you. They sell samosas (which, as many other reviewers indicated, are always "out"), a weird-sounding veggie sandwich, a bolani (which looks like a dosa that's been overly fried and stuffed with masala potatoes, only without any salt), some flatbreads with random stuff on them, and other dishes that are supposedly really "delicious" and "authentic".  I've seen enough episodes of "Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares" to know it's always a huge mistake to try and make your kitchen serve multiple types of cuisine, and this restaurant is literally trying to serve dishes from countries spanning three different continents. If they did even one of the dishes truly right, I'd be seriously surprised. I imagine people only rate this food highly because they are American and like fried things.  All of this on top of being served on paper and styrofoam plates with self-serve silverware and sit-down restaurant prices, and the deal is done for me. The only reason I'm giving two stars instead of one is because the couple that runs the front is very polite, and the food is... edible.  For those who think this place serves really amazing Indian food, you frankly have no idea what Indian food should taste like. And don't even get me started on the baklava.  

                MIX PLATE $10.99 (beef kabob and biryani chicken)  I've had this place bookmarked for a really long time! Finally got to try it last week! I ordered the mix plate which included beef kabob, biryani chicken, rice, and a small side of salad (very refreshing)! I got it a bit spicy and it was a nice kick! This meal lasted me two days and all for $12.98 including tax! What a great deal! :D  Gulzaar Halaal isn't anything fancy. Interior decor is very simple. I got my order to go and chatted with the owner while waiting. I love halaal food!  Tips: - order the mix plate if you can't decide what to get or it's your first time here - if you like spicy, ask for "special spicy" - cash or credit card accepted - parking: some street parking in front on West San Carlos Street and around the corner on Irving Avenue - if you need more spice/seasoning, ask for some sumac!  

                I've had this place booked marked for a while now and was hoping to try it with hubby, unfortunately, I couldn't wait any longer and I tried it today for lunch.  Sorry babe!  I'm not sure if there's additional parking in the back, but I parked on the street in front of the restaurant.  Upon entering, I was greeted by a friendly gentlemen who told me that they were only taking orders for take out because of Ramadan and will resume regular business hours at the end of the month.    Since this was my first time here, I asked him what he recommended.  He told me that popular dishes included anything under the Specialties of the menu, especially the Mix Plate with Biryani Rice.  I ordered his recommended dish and I was satisfied.  OMG...it was so GOOOOD!!  First bite of the beef with rice, so juicy and so full of flavor (mouth watering as I type).  Second bite, more beef but dipped in the green sauce because I wasn't sure if the sauce was for the mini salad or the meat??  Either way, the green sauce was BOMB DIGGITY!  I ate it with eveythanng!!  The beef was so good, I forgot about the chicken?!  First bite, OMG, it's juicy and flavorful!  The beef, chicken, and rice were all so good.  All of the spices and ingredients came together so well.  It was like a group of singers harmonizing together on my palate.   I recommend this place to anyone!  I can't wait to come back to try other dishes.   SPECIAL HOURS FOR JUNE 29, 2014  - JULY 28, 2014  4:30 PM TO 9:00 PM  NORMAL BUSINESS HOURS  MON - THU: 11:30 AM TO 8:00 PM  FRI - SAT: 11:30 AM TO 8:30 PM  CLOSED ON SUNDAY  

                This place is amazing. The food is always delicious and very fresh tasting and they always keep the place looking very clean. Don't come here if you are expecting a traditional Indian restaurant though, they are a middle eastern, Indo-Pak and Afgan restaurant serving up food with lots of flavor.  The service is a little slow but the guy running the place is very nice so it doesn't really bother me.  Never been disappointed with anything I've ordered here!  

                So we went here yesterday for dinner after reading all the yelp reviews...the place is in one streeet....easy to miss...didnt like the area at al...ordered two mixed plate birayni and samosa.Samosa was sooo huge and yummy.They cut that one huge samosa into <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftwo.So&s=758dd1cdb270a7b87b46096683a2c85a9378219094b9d4c6d8ad56622efe599d" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">two.So</a> two people can have it.Mixed plate biryani loooks soooo sooo delicious but doesnt taste so delicious. Maybe because I had better ones. Price is average .So we paid like total 30ish for all. Great greatt great customer service. But the restuarnt is tooo small..Maybe like four to five sets of table only. one time only...unless i am craving for that samosa..i wouldnt go otherwise :):)  

                Having tikka masala does not make you an Indian restaurant. To make matters worse, that tikka masala does not come with rice and has an up-charge for flat bread(not naan).  This place has a identity crisis and doesn't know if it's a sit-down restaurant or a cafeteria. You order from a menu that's handed to you but is also in pictures on the wall. No utensil are provided to you because you're supposed to get them yourself from the corner of the room. This is not made explicit to you beforehand. Styrofoam cups and paper plates a plenty.  The food was mediocre. The service was sub par if not almost non-existent. Asked if we wanted a refill of water, never got it. Expensive...period.  

                This place was amazing. The food was excellent overall: perfectly cooked, seasoned, and prepared. Biryani rice is not an easy feat, but their's was practically divinely inspired. I will probably drive back occasionally from a half hour away - there just aren't food options this good in Palo Alto. Additionally, the owner was extremely friendly.  Hands down, one of the best places in the Bay Area.  

                Love this place! Flavor galore and yummy meats. The workers are incredibly friendly and you feel like a special guest at your friend's house.   We have tried this place twice now and will be including it in our rotation. The tikka masala, lentils, and burrito are wonderful and we are excited to go back and try their other items.  

                Baklavas...oh my god...the whole family is a fan, including my 2 year old, tell him he will get his bakaba if he behaves himself and magically he is on his best behavior!  The kabobs and biriyani are good too, but not in the great category  

                Hole in the wall with good service that makes you feel like you're family.  Big flavors, refreshing vegetables, perfect seasoning.  Quick bites and not too expensive.  Expect no frills dining experience, but excellent service.  Would highly recommend any of the samosas and wraps.    PROTIP:  Cash only  

                Wow, I can't believe I've not reviewed this place. The food is wonderful but for me it's this feeling of entering another world, one which is calmer more sincere and kinder than the one we live in...cheesy right? It took some taking used to, I expected to be greeted and have our order taken, food served - a few pleasantries and done. Who has time for a conversation these days? The owner makes you feel like you are an honored guest. No rush, like you're on vacation. It's also wonderful to see how warmly he treats his other guests.  

                I ate mix plate there then I went home I felt so sick and I had stomach ache that ended up with a fever and diarrhea I am sure the food was not clean in this place  

                Honestly, forget the samosa. Whatever she does to the eggplant is the ultimate homage to all things flavor fully fried and seasoned. I like my dishes spicy and it wasn't exactly spicy--but nonetheless flavorful. That rice--oh my gosh. The star of each of the plates!  Definitely go for the tikka masala but ask for it spicier and try the fried eggplant! Hummus was delicious, as well. For me, I felt like I've had more flavorful samosas, albeit slightly smaller.   Lovely woman, delicious food, excellent service!  

                I got a take-out from here and loved the food. I wouldn't come here for a sit down meal as its not that good but i would go back for the food. Their Biryani is really yummy and not very overwhelming at the same time and the other thing which i really liked is their chicken Samosas.  

                I only have nice things to say about that restaurant. I often go there for lunch. First of all, I don't like very spicy food but they can make your food mild if you ask. I always get their chicken sandwich which is really yummy! The owner is so nice and cares that his customers enjoy their food. Will keep coming here! Its rating on yelp is very well deserved!  

                Very welcoming and friendly service. We started with the desserts. Very delicately sweet. The semolina cake was especially good.   The flat bread with thyme and cheese was a revelation. We mentioned to Najib that we were lived in Hyderabad for 8 years and he gifted us a plate of Biriyani. Normally, he does not serve the dish to folks from Hyderabad because he said, "you have the best Biriyani." His dish was good too just different.  The All meat kebab plate was a stunning surprise. Their Chapli kebab can compete head on against the best.  We came away feeling that we had visited the home of a new friend.  

                The service was excellent. The manager gave us good recommendations and was very polite. I got the chicken tikka with biryana rice. I originally wanted the chicken tikka masala but they said they couldn't make it non-spicy. From their picture posted on their wall, it looked like the masala had more of a runny texture than I'm used to. I asked if I could get the chicken tikka with rice to be non-spicy but they gave me mild. I understand that their ingredients probably made it difficult to make it non-spicy, but mild and non-spicy are not interchangeable words.  The rice was surprisingly tasty. It had a bunch of crunchy rice pieces in it and the chicken was as expected. I hoped there would be a little bit of sauce on my plate because everything was really dry. I used the yogurt sauce they provided but it wasn't enough. I also ordered the afghan nan which was really good because it tasted like French bread.   This place is a good hole in the wall restaurant and I would eat here again if I just came from Valleyfair and I wanted to avoid traffic. I've had better Indian food though so I'd really only give this place 3.5 stars.  

                Then owner of this place Nazeem is a very kind person. And their food is delicious. Those bakhlavas are to die for, always freshly made every day! I love their chicken Kabab and beef Kabab sandwiches and chicken biriyani, and biriyani burrito. Can't go wrong with any of them! Food might be a little spicy but they always accommodate a mild version of spices.  

                I visited this place yesterday and fell in love with their chicken samosas and chicken kababs! I read other reviews on yelp and many suggested to try their chicken samosas and there were awesome!  There were other items on the menu which I guess will taste great: Bolani and chapli kebab. If you are a beef eater then chapli is a must try.   Ambience was good. Owner was nice. Parking is kind of tight but you can park on streets around this place. Loved the food, surely I am going to visit again to try their bolani :)  

                This place is so close to my work I can't believe I've been missing out on their cuisine!  I called them ahead of time to avoid the wait, and I ordered the beef and chicken biryani combo meal. I almost missed this restaurant because it is located on a busy street with limited street parking in front of it. It's also squeezed in between other establishments!   The gentleman who took my order over the phone was nice & very helpful. I arrived to the restaurant within ten minutes after ordering, and was greeted immediately. The food was also ready as promised.  I really liked the combination plate. The beef and chicken were flavorful and very tender. The rice was perfect and the salad on the side was good!  

                First time there today.   The staff (I assume the owners) were extremely friendly and made helpful suggestions about their menu.  The chicken samosa was huge, and everything was fresh and nicely spiced.  I'll need to go back and start working my way through the rest of the menu.  

                Very friendly family-run business.  The food is mostly take out for me, but you'll see a good sized group of people there most nights.  The building and interior aren't fancy, but the food is well done, and if you talk to the folks that run the place, you'll understand why they're popular.  They do a good job w/ the food and they care about their customers. Super delicious spicy food!!!  

                After reading all the reviews about how awesome a middle eastern place this was I was excited to grab some dinner here.  In comparison to a few restaurants back home it was a bit disappointing.  The owner was very pleasant and welcoming.  But, this was about the best part of the meal.  I started out with the chicken samosa which was quite disappointing.  The chicken was ground and relatively dry. The sauce that came with it seemed to just be ketchup with some spice.   I then went with the mixed plate. This was a mound of rice with chicken tikka and a type of minced meat.  The rice was the best part.  I enjoyed the crunch that came with it. The chicken was tender but just not very tasty and neither was the other type of meat.  Probably one of the least enjoyable yogurt sauces that I've had.  I was disappointed after reading all the other reviews. Maybe this is good middle eastern food in the San Jose area and if so y'all need to come out to the DC metro area.  

                Yum! This hidden gem is in a bit of a seedy area. Someone literally got stabbed the next block over as we were walking into the restaurant. However, the delights you will find inside are such treasures! I honestly do not remember all of the different things that we ate, but I recall leaving full and content having tried many new authentic dishes. Will return!  

                I don't need to go into details, but one word: ADDICTIVE. This place is absolutely amazing!!! Friendly environment, savory food, satisfaction at it's best. I love that they serve generously ;) definitely coming back for more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  

                I... I just... I don't... I...  That's me pretending to be at a loss for words. That's why I use ellipses - because they sound like I am confused. Writing is hard!   But I am not at a loss for words. In fact, I have several! So I will review Gulzaar Halaal thusly, using bullet points to indicate importance. Observe:  - The owner, or server, but probably owner, was quite friendly, and I appreciate friendly service especially when it comes from someone I believe is the owner. He was happy, and was glad we were there, and was glad everyone was there, and was glad that life was life. Yay life! I am not fond of overly attentive service because I tend to want to be left alone to enjoy my meal, but I do like it when the person is both of a position of importance and appears genuinely happy.   - If you have read my reviews before, which you haven't since almost all of my reviews are from Seattle, then you'd know that I think the idea of "authentic" is stupid. Most people have no idea what authentic food is, and authentic is non synonymous with good. I don't say "authentic morning" for a reason. That said, the one thing I do like is when others of the same background are enjoying it, and something about the environment feels "real."  Again, that has nothing to do with whether the food is good. There are a lot of Hispanic people that eat at Azteca, Italians that eat at Olive Garden, and more. One shouldn't use the background of those at a restaurant as a basis for whether or not that restaurant is good. But if we're talking about the environment itself, then yes, it's sometimes something that's nice to see. Gulzaar had many men, women, and children of the same background, and even though the space was fairly plain something felt very real about it. I don't understand it myself really, but that's me giving Gulzaar points for environment. Props to Gulzaar.  - Once we get to the food, that's where the popularity of this place weirds me out a bit. Yes, the food is good, but it's not 5 stars on Yelp good. It's just good. It's actually closer to fast food. I went with four people, all of whom were extremely excited to have the food. The first thing we ordered was a Mango Lassi, since those are usually yummy, and the type we got came in a bottle, like from a grocery store. Again, it wasn't that bad, but it wasn't great, and it came from a bottle. So I could have gotten it myself somewhere with ease. Good, not great.  - Next comes the meals. I can't eat meat, so I am not sure what the meat tasted like, but one of my eating partners described it as "it tastes okay. Like a fast food version of the normal food." She ordered two different meals that start with Chicken Masala, though the names escape me.  I ordered several dishes. Hummus, which was good, not great. Some sort of flatbread feta pizza, which was good, not great. Afghan bread, which could have been great, but didn't come with anything, so it was merely good. Lots and lots of good! Or should I say "lots and lots of authentic!" No, I should not, because that's wrong. Anyway, it was good, not great.  So you see my dilemma here. This wasn't a bad place. In general, these are the types of places I don't even bother to write about. Good places that have nothing interesting about them to make an interesting Yelp review. But man, there are so many positive reviews - so many! I don't understand!   But then again! I don't care!   I would still recommend going here, because it's cheap and not bad and not bad food that's cheap is great. But 4.5 stars and 500ish reviews makes all of zero sense to me at all. Just go here to enjoy it. Don't go here to 4.5 star enjoy it. That's crazy high.  

