                Very impressed with Happiness Cafe. It's conveniently located across the street from the Costco.   I had a dish with rice, see picture, and my boyfriend has the noodle soup.   My rice dish was very flavorful. I normally doesn't eat lots of tofu or vegan 'meat' strips, but this was really good! It comes with a ring of steamed broccoli. Every bite was an explosion of flavors!   The soup was also really tasty.   I will return.  

                The service here is phenomenal. The owner (or the gentleman that is seemingly the owner) is a genuinely nice guy. My boyfriend and I came here for the first time last weekend and we had such a great experience. We found out that everything there is vegan -- making all their milk tea drinks lactose free. That makes my lactose intolerant boyfriend very happy.  When we were roaming around the small shop, we saw the ice cream and we're impressed that they made dairy-free ice cream. At that point, the owner happily offered us samples of different types and ice cream, and they were pretty tasty! He also gave us a sample of their Jasmine Milk Tea.  For our visit this time, we had an Avocado Smoothie and a Happiness Smoothie. Both had good flavor and was not sweet. Needless to say, we were very happy and will definitely come back again!  

                :) I love that I am always greeted with such positivity here - service is really great and they get an extra star for that.   I usually have come here for the Boba which is not too bad but was never really my favorite -- though still has that good old tea taste.  Came here to finally try the food and was not disappointed with both price and taste for a vegan place. My sister and I have been trying to explore vegan fare a bit and tried it out for dinner. Menu is limited but to me it looks like they do well with what they do.   I had the Stew over Rice - flavorful and I felt healthy after eating it. The fake meat isn't too bad and comes with plenty veggies and brown rice. I also had an order of the avocado rolls that was reminiscent of a green onion pancake almost - a bit greasy but very good!  

                I came here with my girlfriend last week and my experience was great. I ordered a Taro smoothie and my girlfriend ordered the waffle with ice cream. So my taro tasted weird but I was told its because its natural real taro and after looking it up it turns out to be true. The cashier( I think the manager?) offered to replace it freely which I thought was awesome! The waffle tasted amazing, I will definitely  be coming back here.  

                I tried this place because of the good reviews on Yelp and how delicious their ice cream waffle looked. I went here with my boyfriend and it was pretty good. The vegan ice cream had a different and interesting taste. I also ordered a taro milk tea and it turned out to be the white taro, which I never had and didn't like. I usually drink purple taro milk tea. The owner offered to replace my drink. He gave me jasmine milk tea which I didn't like either, but I thought it was nice of him to remake my drink. Overall, I think this place is unique in that everything is vegan and I would come back again, but only for their waffle, not their drinks.  

                Tried this place for the first time tonight! It's a cute little place with a lot more variety of drinks and eats than I expected. We got the Thai tea, jasmine milk tea, and hibiscus green tea, as well as two hot tofu pudding soup. Loved everything we tried! The tofu is not as sweet I'm use to but I love that hint of ginger (added barley and sweet rice ball in mine.)   Was greeted right away when I entered and was given a menu to look at. Upon making my purchase, the lady was very informative, helpful and pleasant! Got a stamp card, in which she handed over and explained the "happy cat" stamps. Then I realize!! There are cat silhouettes throughout the place! Love cats! Very cute! And the lady herself made the service superb!   Would absolutely come again! (definitely on another cold day for the tofu!)  

                Everything VEGAN! Staff is super nice here, very responsive, exceptionally kind, and accommodating. Their pearls are just so-so, the tea is mediocre, and the atmosphere us akin to many pearl tea chains in the bay area (Quickly, Q-Cup, Sweetheart, etc...), but what makes this place is definitely the staff. The people here are super nice! 3 stars for the quality of tea, but the service here is phenomenal!  10/10 would gulp moar average tea here again  

                I'm not the type who normally goes out of their way to hit a vegan cafe, so when I do it better be good! Well, judging by the five stars I'm giving this place, this location makes the cut.   First the service is really tip top. They are very attentive and they make sure you are doing fine. This is a fast food type place, but with restaurant caliber service. Who would have thunk it? The visual in this place are also great. Lots of colors making the visuals very appeasing to the eye.   Now how is the food? Oh yeah it's good. I had the tuna sandwich and it really felt like I was eating tuna. The cheese? Oh yeah. Who would have thought cheese made without milk could be so good? Everything was fantastic.   It's a small hidden in the wall place, but give it a shot. You won't regret it.  

                Not sure what the cat decals are about, but I can overlook it. I've only eaten the desserts here at Happiness Cafe, so I can't attest to their vegetarian/vegan menu.  I had a craving for hot red bean soup and was shopping at the Asian supermarket next door so I decided to go here. My order was pretty straight forward so it came out quickly and was piping hot. yes! The portion was big enough for two, so I graciously offered some to my bf. By some, I meant I stared at him with every spoonful, gimme that. It was delicious!   My bf got the hot sesame drink, which he thought was "OK".   A confused couple came in after we did and the cashier was very helpful, very informative and was very patient with all their questions. Now that's how you run a specialty dessert store.  

                Talk about friendly service!! I love going someplace where people greet you with a smile, and say take your time rather than rushing you to order! I'll be coming back when I'm in the area!  

                All vegan cafe with foods, desserts, and bubble tea. -Also sells vegan dog food -Ice cream also made to order in pint and quart size to take home  Drink: 1. Strawberry Milk Tea no pearls: Offered in one size only of about 16 oz. The first vegan strawberry milk tea I've had and it was delicious!   Ambience: Cute and petite cafe with limited seating. Music on the louder side for a cafe and very upbeat - Bruno Mars, Katy Perry.   Customer Service: Excellent and very helpful. It was my first time here and the cashier tried to help narrow down our options in what we wanted, he noticed we were leaning toward the desserts.  Overall I would recommend. I definitely will be back to try another flavor of bubble tea and their ice cream waffles.  

                Service is amazing. I love the staff here! They are truly genuine, sweet, and kind! Every time I come here, they are so nice to talk with. I always leave with a smile on my face. :)  I LOVE their soft pearls.  Their drinks are just a tiny bit too sweet, but otherwise I'd say they're perfect.  My favorite drinks are the passion fruit green tea, the hot rose milk tea (regularly comes with black tea), and the hot rose milk tea (I ask them to substitute the black tea for green, and I prefer it!). Just note there are rose petals in the rose teas. I haven't gotten a chance to try other drinks, because I'm hooked on those!  I have to stress: their hot rose milk tea (green, especially) is SO GOOD!!  Their avocado rolls are great!! The wrap they use is SO indulgent. Normally, I can't handle those type of heavy flakey crusts, but these are sooo good, I can't resist! And the dipping sauce pairs extremely well. I prefer the rolls without soy protein and just with the avocado, cabbage/carrot mix, and very small amount of vegan mayo. Spring rolls are not all right, but I prefer the avocado rolls.  I've also tried the hot tofu pudding with green bean and tapioca. It was light and good. Also, it was a pretty big amount. I haven't tried many places for this dish, and I assume there are many styles. I personally do not like ginger, and I'm so glad I asked for the ginger sauce on the side!  Anyway, I love this place! :) I hope they keep doing well and wish the staff the best in their business. ^_^  

                Tiny little vegan dessert place hidden amongst the huge asian plaza. If I didn't know better, I would say that Happiness Cafe was decorated by a little kid. There are small tables lined up throughout the place (not a very big cafe) accompanied by small chairs. Oh and there are stickers of cats plastered all over the place.  Me and my friends decided to stop by in the afternoon to catch up over dessert and this was the place. We ended up sharing the house shaved ice and my friend chose to top it with cookies n cream ice cream. Surprise, surprise, we actually didn't even notice that this place was vegan until we tried the ice cream. It had an odd texture, but was good nonetheless. The shaved ice was super refreshing on such a hot day especially since it was topped with a bunch of fresh cut fruits.  I don't really have anything negative to say about this place, other than wishing that there was more room to sit. Next time, I'll try one of the waffle desserts that everyone posts!  

                Two words. Avocado Rolls.  NOM NOM NOM  'nuff said.  In all seriousness though, I think this place is delicious. The pastas and rice dishes they have are typical cafe-fare, so don't going expecting bistro quality or anything. However, I will say this - I'm in no way vegan and yet I keep coming back here.  They use soy milk in their milk tea, which has a bit of an acquired aftertaste. I love it. The taste makes me nostalgic for my childhood.  The staff always makes me smile! They are so friendly and sweet.  

                We were craving healthy. How does one crave healthy? A week-long binge of bacon burgers, chocolate pretzels, and Oreo shakes, that's what.  So I suggested we go here, since everyone seems to love their appetizers. We tried: - the overpriced vegan hot dog wrapped in Pillsbury croissant dough - the old avocado wrapped in some deep fried dough  Both tasted on point, but quality was amiss. We also tried their entrees, which were gigantic and will fill you up, but was super bland.  Their desserts, however, are pretty on point. I also enjoyed their simple Jasmine Milk Tea with Pearls. Can't go wrong here.  The owners are also very nice, making this place worthy of a return visit, but probably only for the desserts next time.  Splendid service, but mixed bag when it comes to the food.  

                I was so happy to find a lactose free boba place since I normally just get honey green tea. The original milk tea is delicious, the pearls here are thee best! Not so much a fan of the taro since it tastes kind of powdery. . . soy milk doesn't seem to work with taro. I'm glad the owner mentioned this to me though! Definitely one of my fave places :D  

                I am somewhat less than impressed, but then again maybe I shouldn't have gone off of just their waffles.  I have to say, the service was top notch. The owners stayed open past their usual 9PM time because we wanted to come in and have a waffle. To be fair they're making money and many more people came and purchased things while we waited ... but frankly the waffle just didn't stand up to the test.  It was ok, the batter was sort of a more cakey consistency instead of chewy like I am used to with most belgian waffles, and for some reason the ice cream just didn't do anything for me. Meh.   I think it's a cute little place to grab a snack, but I am not convinced so far.  

                I've been living within 2 miles of this place and I've never tried this place until now.   What. The. Absolute. Fxk  I don't know what the hell they do to the soy/tofu stuff back there, but they better keep doing it. It's so DAMN TASTEE. Like wtf man. These people are saints. I'm pretty sure they've made it easier for people to convert to becoming vegan with their insanely godlike tasting non meat food.   The soy protein stew was insanely good. It made me happy. The same kind of happy when your parents give you gas money with no strings attached. I was happy. It was good. My girlfriend got the ocean sandwich or something like that. Idk if it was tuna or not, but it was so damn good she didn't even let me try it. She usually gives me a bite of whatever she eats, but she didn't this time. Ehh whatever. Guess I know what to get next time!   The guy that took my order was insanely nice and gave the atmosphere a good vibe. I'll be coming here more often and maybe down the line I'll become a vegan............ Nah I'm just playin. I love dairy too much, but we'll see!  

                Review is just for boba. The drinks are awesome (I really enjoyed the Happiness Smoothie which is basically a pina colada) but I'm not a big fan of their style of pearls. They're a little small (significantly smaller than the big straw diameter) and rather delicate. I prefer larger pearls with a big more chewiness to them.  Haven't tried anything else but their deserts and foods look appetizing and staff has always been nice.  

                Love, Love, Love this place!  I come usually 2-3 times per week to get my fix lol.  I always get a large Happiness Smoothie with extra pearls. Happiness Smoothie: Pineapple, mango and coconut milk= perfect combo! Not too sweet and very refreshing. Pearls: PERFECT consistency. Their pearls are more on the soft side which I love!  I've also tried the vegan mashed potatoes and gravy which was also pretty delicious.   Customer service is always great and quick.  

                One of truest 5-star reviews I've done. Everything about this place is clean, healthy, friendly, and delicious. The person at the register was most likely the business owner(if not, they know how to hire the right people), but she warmly welcomed us with this adorable demeanor and knowledge about the food which probably comes from her passion about being a vegan herself.  My sister and I tried the avocado rolls which definitely lives up to the hype. You'd think ny the time i got to the rolls i'd be tired of avocado considering the fact I got an avocado shake, but nope, still amazing and so was the shake. My sister wanted to steal it all from me x) we also got the stew and rice and soy strips with rice.  All thoughout our experience here she was consistently delivering her au naturale friendly attitude which made us go for the vegan ice cream as well. You can imagine how full we were of good food and happiness...ha ha  

                3 stars on the drinks..   Overall 4 for great service and really nice workers.  I got the ice cream milk tea and it was so watery. And my boyfriend got the avocada and it was barely sweeten  

                I love everything about Happiness Cafe! I'm a generally miserable person but the people working here always put me in a better mood. (= The food is amazing and the place is so pleasant that I don't even order takeout ahead of time because I actually don't mind sitting and waiting there. The owners are like the sweetest people ever. They always remember my name and are an absolute delight to talk to.  

                Nicest people in the world work here and everything tastes awesome! Might be a bit pricey but well it's a vegan place...  

                The black milk tea is great. It's sweet, but not too sweet and it's light, which makes it very refreshing. I got pearls with it too, and they were alright. They don't have a very consistent texture. Some of them were hard and uncooked in the middle while others were chewy, firm, or mushy. Overall the milk tea is definitely a lot better than some other places I've tried.   I also had to try the famous avocado rolls. They were delicious. It's hard to believe that their dishes are vegan! For only $4.50, it was very filling and a great meal for lunch.   In terms of service, the woman at the cash register was so nice! She was welcoming and when I apologized for paying 8 dollars in coins (which was all I had), she laughed and said "It's okay, we use everything here." She gave me my milk tea right away, which is awesome, but I had to wait a while for my food. I sat a table to wait and I noticed that the place is very clean and organized. It's a nice environment and the area around the shop is also great to just sit back and relax.  

                This small Asian cafe is wonderful for tea and snacks. It offers a large variety of food, all of which are very delicious.  I highly recommend the waffle ice cream. Need to revisit soon.  

                Found this hidden gem on Yelp and have been there 5 days in a row! My wife and I are addicted to the drinks here. It's hard to believe it's vegan.  Tried the following: -Hot black milk tea -Hot jasmine milk tea -Thai iced tea -honeydew iced milk tea  -jasmine iced milk tea -mocha frap -coffee milkshake -lychee smoothie --- my FAVORITE DRINK! -honeydew smoothie -avocado rolls -vegan strawberry cheesecake  The pearls are so fresh and soft. Not overly chewy and rubbery like some other shops. They are imported from Taiwan.   You can't go wrong on any of the drinks.   William, I assume the owner, is always there. He is friendly and passionate about his food.  

                You order at the counter and then they bring your food. They give you water in this tiny cup so you have to get up and go ask for more if you finish it. Kinda annoying.   The food was barely ok. It was very plain and I just do not understand how this place could have such high reviews. I got some rice that was a bit dry, as if it had stayed in the rice cooker a bit too long. The crispy tofu didn't taste of much.   The people there seem very nice and were friendly.   We won't be back.  

                Oh man, I've already been here twice in the past 3 months. I loveee their waffle ice-cream. The older gentleman working there was also really nice and courteous.   Their waffles are freshly made to order (so expect to wait maybe around 10mins?) and topped off with pretty good ice-cream. I really enjoyed it but this rating is for the waffle ice-cream alone, not sure how their other items are but it's a good place to have an easy going conversation.  

                Nicest and most friendliest Chinese woman ever!  Friends and I came across this cafe because we weren't fully hungry but wanted a quick and healthy snack. We enter the cafe not knowing what we wanted but based off of previous Yelp photos, we wanted those damn avocado spring rolls. The server kindly suggested us the popular items and as if she read our mind, said "If you already ate your meal, the chicken with tofu strips is your best bet". SAY WHAT?! JEDI MIND TRICKED ME.  Anyways, we were set on the avocado spring rolls, chicken nuggets, and chicken with tofu strips (with veggies and brown rice).   Avocado spring rolls: chopped avocado and veggies surrounded by a thin, flaky crust with a delicious dipping sauce. (Sorry, don't know what it was!) Chicken Nuggets: Breaded soy chicken with a honey mustard dipping sauce. By far, my favorite. Cooked perfectly. Chicken with tofu strips and veggies: You can't mess this up so this was tasty but not worth $8.75  We were picking at the lettuce on our chicken nuggets plate and noticed a live bug struggling to move. We whispered it amongst ourselves but she somehow overheard and was overly concerned asking if she could take the lettuce and bring it to kitchen. She returned very apologetic and gave us a free flan on the house.   She definitely knows how to keep her customers!! Come here for light vegan food and don't forget to sample their vegan ice cream! It's made with soy ingredients!  

                Happiness is a great name for this cafe -- the ambiance is super upbeat, employees are cheerful, music is always playing, and there are colorful pictures of their food items up on the wall, to tempt the taste buds even more.   They have a full food menu, from noodle dishes to sandwiches, and I really enjoyed the spring rolls. But what I really come here for are the cold sweets.   The vegan mocha frappuccino with tapioca beads is my fave. Sinful enough, but I don't feel gross after drinking one. I also love their ice creams that are available by the scoop, in a cup, or on a waffle cone. The pecan and mint chip are stellar.  On top of the made-to-order items, they also sell vegan dog food and really delicious vegan sweet jerky. Everyone I've offered it to has loved it (even non-veggies).  This is my go-to place for a sweet fix.  

                With an out-of-town friend in tow, I decided to take him to Hello Desserts, but after pulling into the parking lot, Happiness Cafe caught his eye. We didn't realize it was vegan until we walked in - not that either of us are anti-vegan. The friendly staff took our order promptly: the h. waffle with pistachio and cookies & cream ice cream, coffee royal ice cream, and taro milk tea. I will admit that I was slightly doubtful that vegan ice cream would taste very good, but it was just fine! Sure, it was different, but I wouldn't say bad at all - although, I will admit I would normally rather have non-vegan ice cream. But it's probably just an acquired taste/texture for lots of people. Anyway, the point is: everything was good - including the service. If you aren't vegan and are still wary of trying vegan ice cream because it sounds gross, you should try it here!  

                We went to this place with a group of friends and I am so glad they chose this place. It was a great small place to get decent food and enjoy the company. The place is pretty small, no frills about it.  I ordered the hibiscus tea and that was delicious and i did not want to share at all.  I also ordered the avocado roll and it as creamy and flaky..another dish I did not want to share. It was the best roll Ive had in a while.  The pesto spaghetti was pretty good too. the noodles were done right and the pesto was pretty good. I felt like this is a great place to come for a no fuss, easy dinner. I heard the desserts are great, and I hope to try them soon =D  

                So every month, there are only 2 days where I am not allowed to eat meat/fish/poultry. And on those days, I would usually get tofu. But I had been eyeing this place for a while, and had finally decided to come by and give this place a try.   I ordered a thai milk tea with pearls (regular size for $3.50). And my first thoughts upon drinking was "Wow, I didn't know there was such a thing as vegan pearls!". But the drink was alright, and definitely not enticing enough for me to come back just for milk tea. And the pearls...tasted a little too dissolved.   Their avocado roll ($4.50 for one roll) was recommended to me by the lady at the front (very friendly lady, by the way!). And there was no doubt it was scrumptious and very clean-tasting! However, $4.50 for one roll...err...  I mean, I do realize that there is a higher premium for vegan food, but for me, who is vegetarian only twice a month, I wouldn't come here all too often.   But hey, at least the decor and atmosphere was nice!  

                Their single scoop ice creams are smaller than the average single scoop ice creams and the cookies and cream ice cream tasted like frozen cool whip. $11.50 for three small scoops of not so tasty ice cream - I'm extremely disappointed!  Their raspberry and strawberry ice cream were incredibly bland and tasted almost like they were made with fake sugar. I'll try something that isn't ice cream next time. Their special shaved ice is $7.  

                Their name is spot on, as this place brings me immense happiness. So read along if you know what happiness is to you...  I wanted to hold off reviewing them until I tried their hot food, all of which looks mighty delicious. However when I find myself here, it's either on my way to go eat somewhere else, or after I've already ate. So after 4 visits for desserts or drinks, it's time to get the word out. Happiness is the truth!  It's a Vegan dessert lovers paradise. From their milk teas & shakes, shaved ice, ice cream bar, cakes, cookies, there's something for everyone.  Their ice cream is outstanding, if a bit overpriced. There is often about six flavors or more. They can whip it up into a shake or turn it into a sundae. Whatever you like. The options are nearly endless. Whatever you get, make sure they top it with Vegan whipped cream or else you'll be sorry.  Since most milk tea places aren't Vegan-friendly I'm not sure if this is accurate or not as my boba experience is limited. Their boba pearls are the softest, slipperiest lil' suckers around. I really enjoyed our couple of boba drinks we got from here.  The dessert waffle is an epic smorgasbord of decadent indulgence. Perfectly cooked Belgian waffle is topped with two choices of ice cream, fresh fruit, whipped cream, chocolate syrup, and sprinkles. It's ok, I'll stop for a second so you can pick your jaw up... This is something you should not eat alone. Sharing is caring and my sweets loving sweetie 'n I devoured this baby in no time.  I haven't had a bad thing here. There are a few things were the execution is a bit off such as their special drink that comes with sprinkles. It looks cool but the sprinkles get in the way of drinking it. Perhaps everything isn't exactly as creamy as any other dessert shop but for my money, knowing it's all Vegan earns it an extra star. Sometimes peace of mind tastes better than anything else in the world.  I think I'm more enamored with the fact that Vegan folks aren't left out of all the tasty junk food that you can pretty much find anywhere if you're not. The vibe here is very Loving Hut, down to the white background with brightly colored accents throughout. If the Supreme Master has a hand in this, I would love to see them expand in a similar way to Loving Hut. Every city deserves to experience this brand of Happiness.  Happiness Cafe always gets this adorable Yelper in a giddy mood: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz/happiness-cafe-san-jose?hrid=FQtzRpusmuj6RuEg9mTcHA">yelp.com/biz/happiness-c…</a>  

                Been wanting to check out this place after I found out they serve vegan/vegetarian food. Previously this was "Poco Cafe" which primarily sold dessert like gelato, shave ice, and bubble tea. Not sure if the owners are the same or not. However- the couple who runs this place now are so friendly and sweet.  To start, the hubs ordered the Happiness Vegan Dog Bun & the Tofu Crispy Nuggets. I sampled a bit of each. I think if they toasted the hot dog bun (rather than steam it and make it all soggy/chewy) it would taste much better overall. The tofu nuggets were bland and could have been fried/crisped up a bit more longer. The dipping sauce helped save it though.  I ended up ordering the Happiness Beef Noodle Soup. There was a particular spice that I did not care for at all, so it somewhat dampened my overall experience. It had lots of chewy noodles (possibly fresh), soy protein, and perfectly boiled carrots and daikon. Hubby had the Happiness Beef Stew over Rice. I think his only complaint was that there wasn't enough rice.   On a separate visit, I've tried the Vegan Black Milk Tea with boba. Unfortunately, as a milk tea fanatic I could not say that this tasted just like a regular milk tea, because that would be a lie. You can definitely tell it's a vegan milk tea. But if you are lactose intolerant and/or vegan, you're lucky to have a place that offers such choices!   3 stars for the food and drink experience  1 star for the excellent service  

                Delicious food here and great service from the owners. My girlfriend and I have become regulars here, and I like that the owners recognize us every time and talk to us. I've mainly only had their desserts, but that's because they're so good, I always want to get the same thing again and again! My favourites would have to be the orange and pistachio ice cream, respectively, as well as the rose milk tea and the opera cake. A bonus about this place is that they sell other vegan goodies at the register, such as vegan marshmallows and vegan chocolate box sets--things that are hard to find elsewhere! Definitely give this place a chance if you are vegan or a veggie :)  

                Absolutely love this place! The service is superb, the H.Waffle is delicious, and the atmosphere is adorable. The woman at the register is really cute and bubbly, I felt like smiling whenever she smiled! :) my friend and I got the H.Waffle with Butter Pecan and Coffee Royal ice cream on top, and it was delicious. Overall, I was having a really bad day, but the service and food boosted my mood. Definitely coming back here more often to try other things on their menu!  

                This family owned vegan establishment is a little piece of heaven for vegetarians and vegans. Everything offered here is plant based and adheres to the strict vegan code. No meat based products. So if you're a strict vegan, you're safe to dine, here no worries.  I've been here a few times and LOVE the mock pesto chicken on a baguette roll. Mmm flavorful. The baguette is fresh with crunch on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside. Marinated mock chicken with a delightful pesto sauce. Tomato, lettuce, and vegan mayo. Can't tell you're not eating the real thing. Also tried the mock beef noodle soup and thought that was good but I'd rather opt for the pesto sandwich.  For dessert we had the waffles loaded with fruit and their vegan ice cream. Seriously good! I'm not sure what brand of vegan ice cream they serve but its as good if not better than regular ice cream.    My only gripe would be the prices. A bit on the higher side and the portions are somewhat small. The pesto sandwich is not that big for $8 and I can see people still being hungry if that is all that was ordered. Compared to places like Veggie Grill where you also get sides with your order. $8 only gets you the sandwich here. Not that great of a deal :(   Something for the owners to think of since french fries or a small mix salad wouldn't break the bank and make people a bit happier.   4 stars  

