                Last week, Havana catered lunch for my staff meeting. I ordered for 70 people and had it delivered to my office. The gal that delivered our food was on-time, very nice and was quick setting it up. The food was hot and fresh. The meeting was on a Friday and I had to provide non-meat options for those who observe Lent.  This is what I ordered: Chimichurri Steak Skewers - Delicious, tender and very tasty  Corn and Pea Empanadas - yummy!  Mango Salad - MY PERSONAL FAVORITE This salad was filled with color and flavor. Plantain Crusted Chicken - Delicious and crispy (considering the travel, I was pleasantly surprised) Vegetable Paella - WOW! What a treat! I've also had Havana's Paella (with meat) in the restaurant and wowweee, this dish is amazingly delicious!  Sides: Corn Saute - Delicious! Queso Fundido - basically pasta shells and cheese ON STERIODS! This dish was one of MY FAVORITES! I think I ate 3 servings of this. Rice and Cuban Black Beans - very yummy! The beans are delicious. You cant find black beans like this anywhere around here.   The whole experience from ordering to eating the leftovers several days later was excellent. I will definitely have Havana cater again. Next time, I will be sure to order Mojitos to go with our lunch. Thank you Joelle and staff at Havana!  

                5 stars a million times over! I love Havana's restaurant, and called in December for a Christmas party I was hosting. These people are ON IT!!!!! I emailed my request, and within 24 hours I was confirmed for my menu & set to go. My menu:  - Beet salad - Shrimp ceviche - Mini Cuban Sammy's - Chimichuri Steak - Mango Chicken - Corn Side - Mac & Cheese  Seriously, I ordered meals for 24. We fed 30 easily. They came, set up, I rented serving bowls & dishes. It was completely stress free, and better than anything I could have ever cooked. Joelle, the catering director is a dream, she is organized & professional. Everything was perfect!!!! Don't ever cook again for your parties.... hire Havana!  

                This place ABSOLUTELY deserves 5 stars. We had them cater our lunch at work, and many people were saying that this was the best lunch people could remember eating at work. If you're looking for catering, this is definitely the place to go.  Our order was on time, still nice and warm, and we received a good amount of food. There were also individually packed vegan options, so people with dietary restrictions didn't have to worry at all about what they could and could not eat. It really shows their dedication to going one step further and making sure everything runs smoothly.  Again, I cannot give Havana Catering a higher recommendation.  

                I ordered catering for a staff meeting in San Ramon.  The team has gotten quite sick of sandwiches and were begging for something different.  My coworker reminded me that she had ordered catering from Havana for her boss' staff meetings and they were a hit, so I thought I'd give them a try (plus I've been craving Cuban food since I moved from San Jose years ago).  Thank goodness I made that call!  It was delicious!  This is what I ordered:  *Corn and pea empanadas = Crispy and chewy at the same time.  Perfect!  Satisfied vegetarians and non vegetarians alike  *Twice fried plaintains - THIS is what I had been craving - craving satisfied!  Crispy and delicious  *Arugula Salad - I learned that Manchego cheese is one of my new favorites and the hazelnuts were a nice complement  *Chicken Adobo with mango salsa - The chicken was juicy and the mango salsa was flavorful  *Chimichurri Bistec - Everyone's favorite - people were pushing each other out of the food line to get seconds - the latin pesto is fabulous  *Sides:  Corn sauté (to die for - tried making some at home and failed miserably, LOL), and rice (great flavor)  Thank you Havana!  Can't wait to order again.  

                Every time we have week long meetings/trainings at the office I always make sure we have Havana cater at least twice.  Absolutely love this place!  

                I've never been so frustrated with Yelp for not offering more than 5 stars!    I called Joelle in a panic last week.  I was putting together a tailgate party for 150 people on short notice, and the caterer I was working with called me Wednesday morning and said they would not be able to help out.  After a mad Yelp scramble, sort and filter, (and my predisposition towards cuban/latin cuisine), I left a message for Joelle w/ Havana Catering.  I received a call back shortly afterwards. . . ..and that made all the difference.  She may as well have been wearing a cape.  Joelle put the menu together for us, easily accounted for our dietary considerations, and pretty much put the whole project on auto pilot for me.    Gameday, Joelle showed up exactly when she said she would (9:00 in the morning. . . no small feat)  With everything we had talked about, and more than we even thought about.  From the bottles of water for the chafing dishes, to the scotch tape to hanging up signs for those with dietary considerations, to dish rags to clean the tables and serve with. . . .Joelle took a complex day filled with logistical nightmares, and made the whole food part of the day SO easy to facilitate.  Way above and beyond expectations.  So, we were all blown away, and we hadn't even tried the food yet.  Anyone who has ever thrown a party for this many people knows that keeping food at the right temperature and tasting good after travelling to the game is no small feat.  I received so many compliments about the quality of the food.  I couldn't agree more.  Havana is so much more than the real deal.  I look forward to working with Joelle often going forward.  

                We have used Havana Catering several times for our work functions. They always go above and beyond what is expected. The food, service and overall setup is very impressive. We will definintely continue to use Havana Catering on a regular basis. Thank you Joelle and team!!!  

                I recently used Havana catering for an event I put on! I couldn't have asked for better. From the tasting to the cleaning up on the final day...it all went smoothly. The 3 top reasons I LOVED Havana and Joelle: she made the choices work perfectly within our budget and was incredibly nice and responsive through out the whole process. Then the actual day came... they were prompt and helpful. And last but not least, it was such a flawless evening from start to finish. Our bartender Cheryl was incredible. She worked her but off evening helping with the buffet. She was energetic and helpful the whole evening. Not to mention, the first was AMAZINGGGG!! Our guests could not stop talking about it. Tip: the Mac and cheese disappeared! And the empanadas were the first to go from our starters. And the unlimited mojito bar was fabulous!  Men and women both LOVED all the favors we chose.   I could not have have been happier! Thanks Joelle and Havana team for helping make our event a huge success!!  

                Thank you Havana Catering for helping to pull off a successful surprise birthday party for my husband!  The food was perfect!  I am still getting raves over the food and questions on where you all are located.   The entire experience from getting the proposal to scheduling the food delivery was seamless.  With all the stress of planning a surprise party under the nose of my husband, this was by far the easiest part of the whole party planning!  I ordered the pork, beef, beet salad, yucca chips,  beans and rice.  It was superb!  The meats were cooked exceptionally well and everyone was hooked on the chorizo aioli and the chimichirri sauces.  Outstanding work by the Havana Catering team!  

                5 STARS FOR SURE!!  Havana is one of my favorite restaurants in Walnut Creek, amazing and unique food and not to mention their award winning Mojitos. I recently hired them to cater our Autodesk TechCrunch Disrupt Cocktail reception and needless to say Havana did not disappoint. Joelle went out of her way to makes sure everything was exactly how we wanted it and even handled our furniture rentals and set up. The servers were constantly walking through the room passing out appetizers and mojitos while the outdoor bar was in full swing.  Our guests were having such a great time that we asked Havana last minute if they could extend their time and stay awhile longer and they were able to accommodate our request. At the end of the evening they cleaned everything up and made sure all of our furniture was where it should be.  Joelle has such an amazing catering team and I would use them again without a doubt.     Thanks for making my event so successful, our employees are still raving about it!  Denese Gordon Autodesk Event Manager  

                Joelle and her team are hands down the most professional and detail oriented crew I know. Her dishes are fresh, delicious, and always a delight to the senses. For large groups, or small, her staff executes flawlessly. My personal favorites are her salads and hearty mains. A treat!  

                I have been using Havana to cater some company luncheons and have always received wonderful kudos and have been told by all to make sure we continue to use them.  The portions tent to feed more than expected and both the service and food is 5 stars!  

                I have used Havana catering about 12 times in 6 months - they are my go to catering company when I want to impress my clients from work. Everyone raves about Havana and requests that I bring Havana back for our next scheduled event! The food is always so fresh and flavorful!! The staff is always on time and profession when  delivering the  order and Joelle is amazing easy to book events with! Her response time is very fast! Another huge perk of using Havana catering is that they reward you for being a good customer by giving you a $50 gift card to their restaurant for every $1,000 you spend in catering!! It's a no brainer and a win win! Impress your clients with great food and get to go to dinner with my husband after hours?!! Yes please!! I see many more Havana catering meals in my future!  

                We have used Havana Catering a couple times after experiencing great food and customer service in the past. The food is always on time and perfectly prepared, our guests always have great things to say about the meal and how it is presented.   Havana catering also sets up all of the food dishes and has labels for each item so that people know what there eating. This makes the meal appear much more elegant than other caters who just throw the food out there or make you do it yourself.   Joelle is great, she always has great recommendations and pairing ideas that really bring the meal together.   Here are a few of my favorites at both the Cafe (catering site) and Restaurant:  Chimichurri Bistec is excellent! Ive even tried it in a burrito at the Cafe and it gave it so much flavor and really took it to the next level. Its comparable to the best tasting the highest quality carne asada you've ever tasted.   Chicken Adobe is great if you prefer chicken over red meat but the bistec is still my favorite. Our last event (which I missed) had the Plantain Crusted Chicken and everyone in the office raved about it. They said it was better than the Adobe but I cant personally say that just yet. The office also loved the "Queso Fundido" as well, this is also something else I need to try ASAP!  I've also had the Ropa Vieja, it is good but I prefer the above entrees much more EXCEPT when it comes to the Empanadas Tapas, those are amazing. While on the subject of tapas, we also ordered a few plates of the Crab cakes and they were great as well! They even traveled well but our office is only 15 minutes away.   I also enjoy the spicy yucca chips. There like a homemade chip that has a unique flavor and spice to them. I get them with my burrito at the cafe all the time.   For dessert we ordered the Pots De Creme, if you like chocolate this is a must. It is a very creamy and rich pudding like substance that tastes like chocolate heaven.  To sum it up.. I love the Bestec, Crab Cakes, Yucca Chips and the Beans and Rice.   -CM  

                Havana's food is amazing and unique. It is nice to cater food that isn't the standard lunch food.  The staff makes it easy to order for catering and Joelle is extremely responsive. They are always on time and the food presentation is a perk. When I bring in Havana for lunches people can't stop talking about it. The best part is that they reward you for catering with them.  I host lunches all over the East Bay and time and time again offices will ask me to bring Havana.  The Mac and Cheese is to die for, although I don't think it's called Mac and Cheese.  The meats are always tender and flavored just right.  They have catered lunches for me with up to 50 people and and as little as 10 people.  No matter the size, Havana Catering is a great choice.    Dante  

                My husband and I recently threw a 50th birthday party.  Joelle did an excellent job helping me put together the menu.  We had the custom buffet and mojito bar.  The mojito bar comes with three types of mojitos and wine. Everyone at the party loved the mojitos.  The appetizers were wonderful.  We had empanadas and ahi tuna.  For dinner we had chicken adobo and steak bistec.  Both were wonderful.  They came with two side dishes and we chose roasted corn and rice. I had many compliments on how tender the steak was and how flavorful all the dishes were.  Someone at my table kept raving about the corn and kept going back for more.  My daughter who is ten and a very picky eater, also kept going back for more, which is unusual for her.  Elizabeth and Cheryl were our servers and were both wonderful to work with.  They were prompt, professional, friendly, and went far above and beyond what we expected.  Thanks again, we will definitely call Havana again when planning a big event!  

                I recently had the privilege of the excellent catering services provided by Havana and the catering manager, Joelle Scott.  My sisters and I were hosting a party for my Mom's 70th Birthday, and fortunately my Mom enjoyed a lunch at Havana so it was an easy choice to go with Havana!  The best part was working with Joelle!  She was always attentive, and that included her contacting me...while she was out with the flu!  We enjoyed a special menu that included two appetizers, which were Dungeness Crab Cakes with Pineapple Aioli & Grilled Prosciutto wrapped Asparagus, and Plantain Chips.  Our main meal included a chopped Cuban Wedge Salad as well as Mango Spinach Salad, Plantain Crusted Chicken, and Lechon Roasted Pork with Queso Fundido and Cuban Corn Saute.  It was all very reasonably priced, and delicious.  I had tried reaching out to a few other caterers before connecting with Joelle, and I am thrilled that they were "poor" from the start!  I highly recommend contacting Havana for your catering needs!  

                We had Havana cater our wedding. It was an amazing experience! We had them set up a large buffet line with arugula salad, chimichurri steak, plantain crusted chicken, crab cakes, cuban corn, empenadas, mojo chicken wings, etc...The food is so flavorful and so different from what you usually see at weddings. I still get compliments on our food, every one of our guests was happy. Their servers and bartenders are very professional, and fun people too! I recommend them to all my friends and family as the best caterers around, 5 stars!  

                THANK YOU!!!!   I appreciate Joelle and her staff for always being available on such short notices and for providing such excellent food and service. Everytime we cater food for meetings people always ask for Havana's...They set up everything so nicely and they are very professional.  

                The guys are amazing!  I called them up on a Friday afternoon for for tapas for a party we were holding on Saturday.  Not only were they able to accommodate my initial request, they were able to accommodate a last minute change that I put in on Saturday.  Joelle was super helpful in giving feedback on what would and wouldn't work for our event and gave suggestions on crowd pleasers.  It must be said that everything we ordered was a crowd pleaser!  In particular, folks loved the chimichurri steak skewers (the meat was super tender and DELICIOUS) and the piquillo peppers.  I personally made it my mission to polish off as many mini Cuban sandwiches as I could.  We would definitely order from them again!  

                I used Havana this past weekend to cater my bridal shower and I highly recommend them! The food was a complete hit! I chose the Arugula Salad, Queso Fundido, Chicken Adobo, Cuban Corn Sautee, Sofrito Rice. I have to say the cuban corn was particularly wonderful as well as the chicken adobo. They arrived right on time to drop off the food and were very helpful and responsive to all of my questions along the way.  

                Went to a holiday party in Danville catered by Havana and it was absolutely delicious. The appetizers were delicious and the service was impeccable. The beef with chimichurri was really tender juicy and tasty. Same for the lamb lollypops. Coming from Miami, I know my Cuban, and this is the best the bay has to offer. For something different, cater with Havana.  

                We recently used Havana Catering for a work luncheon and everything was amazing from overall process to taste of the food! Planning the menu and event was smooth and flawless... they were so nice and easy to work with AND helpful! That is rare if you ask me. Delivery was right on time and done with no help needed from us - Zack was perfect and set it up beautifully with food cards and all! They really think of everything to make your life easy! And last but not least, the food was AMAZING! I have a tough crowd dealing with 65 co-workers and I got all GREAT compliments! Everyone raved over the food, the options and the flavor! Thank you so much Joelle for your help in organizing the menu/order and helping with the options! Can't wait to use you for future events!  

                Edit- After reading the reply on yelp, I guess I didn't know Joelle was female since I actually know males with this name. However, weird that the response to my poor yelp review is from the person that emailed me, but claims all of my emails must have went to SPAM...   I'm giving Havana Catering 2 stars because I do enjoy their food at their restaurant. My fiance and I have been looking for caterers in the area because we are having our wedding this Oct. I reached out to Havana and the first email I received was late because he was out sick, Ok I understand that happens and I appreciated him still getting back to me. I then sent another email with what we would like on our menu and asked for a proposal...That was on January 14th...I'm not sure how long it takes to prepare one honestly, I just know that the other catering companies have gotten back to us pretty quick. January 28th I sent an email following up and wondering if we would still be able to get a proposal, no reply. It's now Feb 13th and we haven't heard back. Maybe it's a good thing that they didn't send us one because if they're this flaky in email, I would hate to have a wedding without food.  

                As an outside sales rep, I order large group catering 2-3 times per week.  I found out about Havana from one of my customers who specifically requested it, and after trying how delicius their food is, I am so glad they did!   Their customer service is top notch, very flexible and helpful during the ordering process.  The delivery was promt and they set up all the trays with little tent cards indicating what was in each entree and the correct accompanying side.  Now for the best part... the FOOD!  It is unbelieveable!  I order the"Express Lunch Buffet" with the mango salad, chimichurru bistec, chicken adobo, corn and bonito mash.  Everything complements each other so well, all we were missing was the mojitos!    When a group of my co-workers had a meeting in Walnut Creek I ordered from Havana, they also eat alot of catered lunches and they did not stop raving about the food!  Even th epickier eaters were imressed and everyone made an extra plate to take home with them!  

                Havana catered by birthday party this past weekend. Was fabulous. I had several people tell me the food was the best they have had for an adult party. I wanted a caterer that took care of it all- from rentals to food, to set up and take down. Havana did it all and with very friendly servers. Highly recommend them.  

                We used Havana to cater our department luncheon today and I can't even begin to say how Fantastic they were to work with.  From the day we placed the order Joelle was great to work with, she got us our quote same day and even made some recommendations as to how we should modify our menu choices (which was well worth it.) The fact that they delivered in Fairfield too was just icing on the cake.   We ordered the Chicken Adobo, Steak Chimichurri, Sofrito Rice, Corn Saute, and Cuban wedge salad.  My staff and I were all highly impressed with the food, and can't wait to go out their to dine at the restaurant.   Chase arrived with our order on-time, and maybe even just a few minutes early which worked out perfectly.  He set everything up for us and before we knew it we were ready to enjoy.   Keep up the great work Havana Catering Staff! We look forward to dining in your restaurant!  

                Joelle helped me with a last minute request for a private Holiday party with just one week's notice. The process was seemless, completely easy and she delivered on a last minute request and even produced another server. The cost was fair and my guests loved the food. I really appreciated everything that went into the party prep and the final product! The mojitos were amazing. Such a fun night and a great start to the Holidays! Thank you!!  

                Havana catered my wife's 40th birthday party last week and it was awesome.  In typical husband fashion, I planned the party last minute (actually 4 days prior to the event!).  Joelle at Havana was incredible.  She handled everything with ease.  I honestly have absolutely nothing negative to say about the experience or the food...amazing!  Even the price was reasonable.  I highly recommend the cuban corn sautee and the cuban wedge salad.  That salad was quite possibly the most delicious salad I have ever eaten.    I will use Havana again.  

                Our company hosted an on-site celebration and Havana made it a great success. This was the first catering experience with Havana, and we are eager to continue to support a local business for many more on-site and off-site events.  Communication with Havana Catering was prompt and clear. The BOE was detailed, which left no room for confusion or errors. Emails and phone calls were promptly responded to, so the planning was stress-free.  As first time customers, menu suggestions were given and perfect for the type of event we hosted. The food arrived on-time, hot and was set-up with every detail covered, including signage for the dishes.   The quality of the food matched the integrity of the planning process. There is still a buzz in the office about the delicious food.  From beginning to follow-up at the end, all details were covered seamlessly. Thank you Havana, for introducing your company to ours. We are looking forward to continuing this business partnership.  -Cork Supply USA, Benicia, CA  

                Our office used Havana to cater a meeting we had today and I had the Shrimp Po'Boy.  It was incredible! and it was packed with shrimp.   I don't order this at other restaurants because they always seem to skimp on the shrimp.  So far I enjoyed everything they make, but this Po'boy is on the top of my list!!  

                I want to thank the great staff at Havana Catering. They have consistently done a fabulous job in catering our events here at Fehr & Peers in Walnut Creek. We use them regularly and every time someone is always complimenting their lunches. With so many foodies in our office, it means a great deal. We also used them to cater our office holiday party and we were amazed at the great service and tasty tapas we enjoyed. I have to say the server went far beyond her scope of work to make our celebration very special. I highly recommend Havana Catering for home parties, office parties and any special event where you want incredible tasting food that will please all your guests, whether gluten-free, vegetarian or just hard to please. Their tapa menu has so many varieties that you can please everyone's palette. Thanks to Joelle and staff for keeping smiles in our office.  

                Havana Catering provided excellent food and service for a baby shower luncheon with 30+ women that we held at our home yesterday. We ordered the chicken adobo, arugala salad, Cuban corn sautee, queso fundido and eggplant and roasted bell pepper sandwiches. Everyone at the party kept raving about the food and returning for seconds (and thirds!).   Working with Havana Catering prior to the event was also a pleasure. Communication was open and helpful. Joelle thought outside of the box (and the pre-planned catering packages) to help us create the perfect menu for our event.   The caterers arrived promptly and worked independently to set up the food as we all ran around trying to finalize last minute details for the party. They also provided name cards for each dish, which helped us avoid answering countless "what is this?" questions. Havana even left a stack of $10 Gift Certificates to be used at the restaurant with a purchase of $20 or more. Many of our guests had never heard of Havana and since they loved the food so much, now plan to check out the restaurant soon with their gift certificates!  

                Havana catered my daughter's 1 year birthday party (dol), which was quite the affair!  We had 70 guests and from start to finish, the servers, cooks, and the staff on site during the party were EXCEPTIONAL, accommodating, extremely professional, and they really knew what they were doing!  The initiative they took to help me get ready, serve, and clean up was very much appreciated and in fact, they did a much better job than I could have hoped for.    I have gotten some great feedback from my guests, some of which are also in the culinary business and all were definite foodies.  One of my friends even remarked that this was the best catered food they had ever had!  Finally, I need to mention that the final bill was significantly better (~$1000) than the original quotes I had gotten from other businesses in the area who were going to serve green salad and grilled chicken with mashed potatoes!    To give you an idea of what we served at the party:   Shrimp Cerviche and Cuban Sandwhiches Mango Chicken Salad Bisteca and Seafood Paella-which was cooked onsite.   They also handled water, tea, coffee, juices, and sodas while pouring drinks for our guests as they ate!    I should also mention that we had plenty of leftovers that guests were able to take home with them!   Thank you Havana for doing such a wonderful job and for helping me score major brownie points with my guests!  

                Havana's Catering is a great place to order small office lunches/dinners or even large office lunches/dinners. I am a sales rep and I bring in lunch for my clients 2-3 days a week and when I bring the offices Havana's, we always get great compliments on how great the food is and how they love having something so good!  Some days Joelle makes a special menu just for my clients and some days I just give her the number we are feeding but either way I can't go wrong. Havana's is my "go-to catering company" on a weekly basis. I have nothing but GREAT things to say about Havana's, Joelle and Zack.  

                As we werre trying different restaurants to cater my husbands 60th birthday party, we went to Havan Restaurant and had an incredible meal. We picked them to do our party of 90 people. I was worried as the only time this Jewish mother has ever run out of food is when I had something catered but Joelle in catering reassured me that this would not happen. It all turned out to be fantastic! First they brought hot and cold appetizers and set up the buffet trays with warmers. The empenadas and halibut ceviche with plantain chips were delicious. Of course, worry wart me, had brought a bunch of cheeses and crackers, just in case! Not needed! The crew came back a bout an hour later with the food. We ordered cod crusted with plantain chips, a beautifully flavored shredded pork dish with accompanying sauces, white and yellow sweet potato mash, roasted corn and tomatoes, a spinach mango salad with toasted spiced pecans. Everything was hot and delicious. They labeled ingredients too, so everyone knew what they were getting incase they were allergic to nuts or avocado, fish, etc.  I did not really like the desserts at the restaurants so I made my own for 90 people (150 port wine brownies and 150 lemon bars). Overall, I could not have been happier with the food or the service. It is so hard to get good food for large crowds that stays hot and doesnt dry out, but Havana did it!!!! Would definitely recommend to anyone. Oh, also, what a nice change from your usual buffet food!!!! Joelle, in catering, YOU ROCK!!  

                Havana staff did a fantastic job of catering a sit-down fundraising dinner for over 208 people for the Friends of Civic Arts Education Foundation at the Shadelands Art Center in Walnut Creek.  Joelle and Zack did an amazing job working with the volunteer committee to set up the details so the event would run very smoothly.  They helped secure bartenders who mixed their amazing signature mojitos.  All of the staff were very supportive and worked with a large number of volunteers that included wait staff and some kitchen help.\  They took care of every detail including accommodations for vegetarians.  Dinner went off without a hitch and attendees loved the delicious Cuban specialities.  In addition to their abundant servings and several sides such as black beans, the menu included a separately plated fresh salad with hazelnuts and cheese and a main course that included delicious chicken and their amazing flavorful ropa vieja.  Great evening and great fundraiser!  We'd highly recommend Havana Catering!  

                I ordered Havana Catering for a corporate celebration yesterday and received such great compliments on the food. They were very friendly and easy to work with. The man who delivered the food was very helpful and the food even came with cute name cards for each item, made it look like a did a lot more work than I actually did. The Chicken Adobo, Mango Spinach Salad, and the Ropa Vieja were the hit of the party. We had more than enough food to go around with leftovers for today. Event Success! Thank you guys!  

                Havana was great! I work for a local retail store and they always come through! They listen to what I want and they make it happen. Sometimes they even make exclusive appetizers for the events I have. They are very attentive and I appreciate their patience since it usually gets pretty hectic  

                I was very pleased with the catering they did for my mom's birthday party!  They were extremely helpful with the planning side of it and on the day of the party the food was delivered promptly.  The delivery guy was very friendly and although he had to make two trips (apparently he had forgotten the receipt), the second time he made sure to bring some extra sauce with him for the appetizers we had ordered.  We received a lot of positive feedback from the guests so I would highly recommend them!  

