                Its St. Patrick's day, so we knew that any brewery we went to would be busy. We decided on hopmonk and when we got there we were told there would be a 10 minute wait (even though you could see the restaurant was almost completely empty). 25 minutes later right as we were contemplating leaving, we were seated.   You could easily see that they were completely understaffed and unprepared for the potential crowd they should have expected. I felt horrible for the staff who were busting their a***** off!  With that said, the 4 stars is going straight to the hard working individuals, and the never failing food. Our waitress, Amy?, was great. You could tell she had a lot going on, but always checked in and seemed happy and glad to be there. ALL of the staff seemed well composed even though they had some difficult customers and not enough support.   Overall this place is good, I just hope they recognize the amazing work their team members put in.  

                I have eaten at Hopmonk Tavern in Sonoma and Sebastopol. This was my first time at the new Novato location. It was lovely to be seated outside in the shade. This place has an outdoor stage. A group was doing their sound check during our meal, which was no biggie.   We started with drinks and our server was right on it. I ordered a Ketel One Moscow Mule. I had to give up my drivers license in order to have the drink in a copper cup! People steal the cups, so your ID is a deposit. Anyway my drink was perfect. My friend ordered the 1st Press Cabernet. It was drinkable but a little sweet for me.   You could make an entire meal out of shared appetizers but we were in a bit of a hurry so went straight to the entrées. I had the kale salad with added grilled chicken. The flavors were right on. If I were making this at home, I'd add dried cranberries and serve it in a bowl rather than on a plate. I felt like it needed a pinch of dried cranberries to balance the peanuts. I considered adding bacon too and will next time. Kale is crinkly and bouncy and here it's served on a plate so as you try to eat it, kale flies out onto the table. If it were served in a bowl, there would be less mess and waste.   My lunch date had the Hopmonk burger with added bacon. They were generous with the crispy bacon. It was a big burger and came with fried onion rings on it too. The bakery quality bun was good and was toasted a little. The burger comes with fries and was a hit.  Lunch including drinks and tip was around $60.00. That's not too bad for Marin.  

                It seems that a lot of clubs and restaurants now have DJs. I thought that only way I would hear live music was to go to a concert.  When S and I went here the dance floor was full.  This was a special night, it was a celebration of Merle Saunders birthday so there were a lot musicians sitting in.His son, Tony, does this every year at different locations as a memorial for his father. The proceeds from the cover charge went to a local charity.  They have live music several nights a week. There is also a restaurant, the menu looked pretty good. I suppose S and will be back sometime to hear other bands. Parking is easy.  

                Over priced bar Food for people who are in early stages of inebriation. Low lights disguise whether place is clean or dirty but I think most people come here to drink not for the dining experience. Food was mediocre and I had an allergic reaction to root beer but that might be because I dont really drink soda . Staff was friendly if not a bit over the top hyper. Not really interested in returning. Also to waitress, I can open my own twist off cap thank you. I don't really need you handling my drink or taking my straw out of its wrapper.  

                We drove up here in the rain for Nerd Nite North Bay.  The place is in a shopping mall, it being Novato suburbia.  The place is pretty nice - and big.  Roomy, lots of seating, funky bar.  The food menu is a pornography of gluten free.  Sadly the vegan items are limited to soup or salad without cheese.  I ended up with the soup which was good, but nothing to write home about.   However, the beer options here are pretty awesome - heavy on the dark beers, lots of local beers (Lagunatis is just a few miles away, although not my personal favorite), and some other odd ones that call out to be tried, although we didn't have time (and had to drive back in the rain).  Nerd Nite itself was held in a private room with its own bar - it's a nice setup, although lightly attended due to the weather.  Would definitely go back, although Novato is just a touch too far to be a regular jaunt, and it's not that much fun in rush hour traffic either.  

                Was there on a Tues.  The bartender made a badass Old-Fashioned.  5 stars for him and his drink.  And the place has a dimly lit nice ambiance.    The French Dip Sliders were terrible!  It was like barbeque sauce.  Not French Dip!  And then my friend wanted a bit more food (it was almost 9) and the cook got all grouchy and said no way.  

                Exploring around town we saw this place and decided to try it out! What drew us in and made us want to try it, was seeing the nice outdoor patio area. We ended up going at night though, so it was a little too chilly to sit outside! Next time... :)  Pros:  -Great beer selection! (And yummy cider.) -Good food. I got the grilled cheese without ham, and it was pretty good!  -The garlic fries were SO GOOD!  -Serve food late. -Lots of parking, considering they are in a big shopping center with a giant parking lot.  -Like I said above, nice outdoor patio. And I guess they have events and music out there sometimes.  -Friendly service.  -I like how it's in the shopping center. It's a good location!  -Good-sized servings of food. -Good-sized menu (if you aren't a vegetarian!). -Gluten free options are marked on the menu.  Cons: -A bit spendy (in my opinion).  -Our waitress seemed a little hurried and messed up our drink order a couple of times. Turned out fine, just not how we ordered.  -Very empty for a weekend night...we were hoping it would be a little more lively. -Not a ton of main dishes that are vegetarian. Like I would have a hard time bringing my vegetarian family here. We'd all be eating grilled cheese.  This place didn't blow me away, but it was still pretty good. I'm sure we'll be back here again!  

                We enjoyed our Sunday afternoon lunch. The hostess was friendly, the wait staff  took great care of us. the food was yummy-we had fries and sweet potato fries, kids loved their pizza. The tomato soup was very good, the potato leek was meh.  Would recommend and definitely will be back to sit outside in the sun to enjoy a beverage and listen to live music.  

                Starting with sweet potatoe fries followed by the main course mussels and garlic fries!!!  Still not enough have Korean tacos!  Sit outside, live music , fire pits and overhead heaters ...  Shorts and t-shirts highly recommended.  

                LOVE the open mic on Wednesdays! The philly chicken on naan is seriously good! A little kick... Goes great with a beer! 4 thumbs up for the drunkenweizen on draft!  I'm also told that the fish and chips are wicked good. The Southern Sweet Tea is perfect: sweet with a slight kick. Perfectly served in a mason jar.  

                Really depends upon the dish. Good: Catfish BLT, Sliders, Pulled Pork Sliders OK: Jambalaya (this is not NO) Not good: Fried calamari, Samosas Servers are pleasant. Bartenders also vary from very good, to clueless. At least they have live music and a bar. Rare things in Novato.  

                This place is a bit pricey for lunch, but their food is so tasty!   Just a grilled cheese with soup makes me happy. I would recommend this place for anyone looking for a good beer or happy hour. Outside sitting during the hot summers is also great with a cold beer in one hand and a grilled cheese in another.  

                the food is decent but the technology of the place is horrible. I was on hold for 20 minutes and this isn't the first time this has happened. Months prior I called and they didn't know how to work their phone system. So beware if calling you may be on hold a ridiculously long time or not even answered regardless of them being open.  

                This HopMonk is on autopilot.  So aggravating that when Novato finally gets an eating/drinking establishment that I WANT to support, they just languish in mediocrity once the doors have been open for a year.   People will come here either because they don't know better or because they know they can probably get a table and will put up with spotty service and food.  I work in Novato so I went to HopMonk frequently with co-workers.  Last night we all just looked at each other and said "Why do we keep coming back to this place?!".  I understand that staffing in the food service industry is tough- but HopMonk operates like the managers have long since quit and a handful of new hires are just going through the motions until someone tells them to go home or something.  When my coworker advised our server that she had ordered a vodka martini with a twist (not the Dirty Martini with olives that she was handed), the server left, swapped a lemon twist for the olives and attempted to reserve the same briny drink.  Hilarious! To some kid in high school that probably seems like an acceptable solution.  Last night I ordered a beer on the menu board that had Blood Orange in it.  The same server who asked me "what's in a Manhattan?" advised that she would only serve the beer if I had a taste first because it was 'very unique'.   Laughingly, I took her up on her offer if she was going to insist.  I got the taste but she NEVER returned to offer the full glass.  You have to try very hard here to spend your money.  Check please. $1 tip. Our New Years resolution is to go anywhere else in Novato if not just on principle.  Damn.  

                My favorite experiences at Hopmonks's are either sitting out in the beer garden on a warm evening listening to a band or sitting inside watching the Giants score on the muted T.V.   We were able to have a conversation in both locations!  I am having trouble ordering a red wine that I really like, maybe the offerings need to be updated?  I've tried several.  

                Great food and rockin club for live cover bands and dj music 5-7 nights a week. Nice outdoor landscaped patio with outdoor stage for happy hour concerts and a fire pit to boot.  

                Statred with a rude hostess annoyed 2 adults and 3 kids didnt make a reservation at 7pm. Strike 1. Sat us outside in a tented "heated" patio when its 40 degress out. Never felt amy type of heat.Strike 2.  Screaming and yelling kids running and circling our table. Beer was ok. I tried the flight sampler. I finally get my samplers and she mixed them up and couldnt tell what was what. Really?? I dont recommend for family's. They struck out. I will stick to my Lagunitas.  

                Great spot! Got a flight of beers -- amazing selection. Good pulled pork sandwich, roasted chicken, and Mac & Cheese. Reasonable prices.   A lot of the reviews talk about bad service several months ago.  Our service was great. Perhaps they've been reading yelp.   Nice outdoor beer garden style seating with a band. Even a magician for the kids -- how cool is that!  

                I went here c with my coworkers for lunch after forgetting my lunch at home. Well I'm glad I did food and service was excellent. My friend had a sharp bone in his pull pork sandwich bbq. He told our waiter and reported to the manager.  Everything went great even offered him a beer or dessert.  He took the dessert since he had a beer the bone was sharp like a wolf fang. I'm surprised his tooth didn't chip service was great and my ham & Cheese was excellent best grilled cheese in a long time. I'll be back to try it again w the tomato soup which had a kick to it just right.   I didn't try a beer just had water since I was getting a. Headache.  

                We've been there a few times and the beer has always been good. We have tried a few items from the "Shared Plate" section of the menu and they all have been good. Once or twice we tried the salads and the burgers, all good.  The service could be slow at times, but the servers have always been nice and attentive. The outside space is nice and the live music is not bad either.  

                Not a good experience here. We were a bigger group (nine), but it was not at all busy and we were there for four hours! My cider was room temp, yuck, and we sat around with empty glasses and no food for a very long time. It was hard to spend our money here! It was a birthday party and we wanted to get a few rounds but our waitress ignored us... We asked her to take a picture of our table and she said "no, I'm too busy" LOL! Way to be accommodating. Food was nothing to write home about, and the icing on the cake was when they CHARGED US to cut our own cake at our own table... Are you guys serious? It's too bad because the restaurant itself has a nice atmosphere with a great outdoor space. Oh well. Won't be back!  

                Delightfully surprised by this challenge on the Novato brewery market. The environment is lively. I went on a Friday, and sat outside, where we were entertained by a live band. There was a second band inside as well.  The outside seating is really nice...a great ambiance.   The beer...is good. There's still work to do...but it is solid. I had their Dunkelweizen...it was a legit dunk. A lot of German influences...which I really appreciate. Their selection on the whole isn't as hoppy as their competition either...I don't always want to feel like I'm drinking a pine tree when I consume a beer, so its nice to have alternatives to the hoppy realities of modern brewing practices.   I will absolutely return to HopMunk. It is my new go-to spot for a beer in Novato.   Helpful Hints:  1. if weather permits, sit outside...the ambiance is wonderful, and they have a respectable number of heaters.  It's also a little quieter, which is good for conversation. 2. Their fries are awesome.  3. Their indoor concerts sell out, so if you want to see their live acts, think about buying tickets in advance.  

                I love the live music and the acoustics are always great.  Food is fine and beer is delicious.  I have gone on many occasion to the open mic night and I'm always delighted to hear the local talent.  And Hop monk supports local youth talent on stage: kids and teens have performed for open mic and Hop Monk also welcomes Bandworks School of Rock performances where all ages come to perform live on the Hop Monk stage.  Well done Hop Monk!  I'm a huge fan of brining more music into our neighborhoods for families to enjoy. I look forward to more outdoor concerts and parties too.  

                When we offered to take my dad to lunch at the venue of his choice on Father's Day, he chose Hopmonk.  He'd been there before and enjoyed it, so off we went.  It was crowded that day and we didn't have a reservation so we expected to wait at least twenty minutes; we were seated within five...promising start to the dining experience.  Our server was awesome: really friendly and she even laughed at my dad's lame jokes and wished him a happy Father's Day.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is lively and fun.  I think if I were one of those people who's really into beer, live music, and World Cup soccer on every TV, I'd go to the Hopmonk again, but I'm not one of those people.  I'm really into food and that's where we ran into some problems.  To me, the menu is a bit unfocused.  It reads like the chef has lots of really good ideas for different types of cuisine and couldn't decide which direction to go in so he threw them all on one menu.  Most dishes have some weird twist that made me say, "Huh?"  I was craving a burger but when I saw it was topped with all kinds of weird aiolis and chutneys, that was a turn-off.  Some dishes just taste better when they're prepared in a classic way; not everything requires a Top Chef-worthy rendition.  Ultimately, the food we ended up ordering was just okay.  Most of us agreed that the fries were a major disappointment: they were cut way too thick and were soft all the way through.  We expected good solid classics done right but we got weirdness.  Dad thought everything was fine, but that's probably because he wasn't paying for it.  

                My husband and I went to Hopmonk's Last night as a change from our regular dinner place. And, because we had not been there for dinner since they first opened. A big disappointment!  (We SHOULD have gone to our regular place - we would had a much better dinner!!!)   First, they told us they do not take reservations, which we found strange. Then, when we got the menu (I was yearning for a steak) there was no steak on it??? Very strange. And, it was around 7:30 p.m. when they said that they get really busy. It was around that time and there were quite a few empty tables. (We understood later why.)  My husband ordered the Chili Verde...he was looking forward to it. About 20 minutes later the waitress came back and said they were out of it. (Really, at 7:30 p.m.? strange.) He ordered the jambalaya but shrimp was extra? (Never, ever heard of that...shrimp should be a part of the dish, right? Strange again.) I ordered the $17 roasted chicken. When we got our food, my chicken was very small for the price, dry and didn't have much taste. My husband gave me a bite of the jambalaya, it was bland with no taste at all!!! It tasted worse than packaged Jambalaya. Yikes!   The service was just OK, a little slow. The only thing that was enjoyable was the beer. But, we could have gone to Moylans to get better quality of food and good beer.   We are very sad that this restaurant has gone downhill, as we live in Novato and really want this to be a success! We were disheartened when the Smokehouse closed at that same location. So, we were hoping that it would be replaced by a good restaurant, but sorry to find that this is not the case. For sure, we will not be coming back for dinner ever again there. I guess we will just go back to the place that is consistently good - Toast. Thanks!  

                We phoned and were told they don't take reservations (or wait list people by phone). So we went in person to get on the wait list but noticed most tables were empty. Then they said those were for reservations. So, go figure. For VIP monks?   While we awaited a text, we went to Costco to pick up a few things, so the timing worked out fine.  We were seated by a door to the patio. We ordered the salmon, which was extremely oily and was accompanied by what was supposedly Mango rice and some clearly premixed lifeless salad, and the pulled pork sandwich, which was tasty but quite small -- in fact, much smaller than the exact same menu item at the Sonoma location and at the same price. The beer was OK -- I had a sampler of four of their beers, which was called a flight (and, by the way, the name Hop Monk isn't intended to connote a Belgian theme) and a Russian imperial stout type of brew that tasted like wine and beer mixed together -- a bit too complex. Honestly, I'd say just order Lagunitas IPA or North Coast Old Rasputin if they have it. Or go to Moylan's and have scotch ale. :) Or go to BJ's for a more traditional Russian stout.  The wait staff was efficient and brusque. Our waitress seemed like she couldn't get away from our table fast enough.  For dessert later, I ordered flourless chocolate cake to go. The menu listed this as topped with goat cheese whipped cream, which I was looking forward to trying, and raspberry sauce. When we got home, we found that the two toppings, which were in plastic cruets, were raspberry sauce and chocolate sauce, both obviously Hershey's or the like. To my dismay, the large box contained no goat cheese whipped cream or any other whip. The "cake" was a thin, small brownie accompanied, mysteriously, by a tiny baby brownie less than bite size. This dessert was just OK. I called to ask why the menu listed it as having goat cheese whipped cream and was told they must have forgotten it. They took my number and said the manager would call me. No call yet... But I guess I should give it a day. Also, I guess I should know better than to order dessert to go from a place where they don't know me.  All and all, I was underwhelmed and am unable to recommend.  

                This place needs to step it up a little bit. There is no good reason why this place isn't awesome all the time. Food is consistently A) Overpriced, and B) aggressively mediocre. What does that mean? It means that with every bite you think "Jeez. I would really like this if it were good." And then you're sad while you chew, thinking about how great it could be.  But you swish it down with a great selection of beers and life gets a little better! Then you take another bite...  

                My boyfriend and I came here for lunch today. This place has a great outdoor area  so we sat outside. The service was good and friendly, the waitress helped us pick out our beer flights after we told her what beer we liked. There were people with dogs so we know for next time that the place is dog friendly. Only four stars because we felt it was a little pricey but overall, good experience.  

                It was an okay experience.  I literally just came from HopMonk with a party of 7. It is currently 11:18 PM and I should be getting ready for bed, but since I still have the memory in my head, I might as well write this review.   It is a Wednesday night and surprisingly enough, the place is packed. Great. It's always nice to be in a room full of people. It makes things feel livelier.  Anyways, two of my girlfriends arrived an hour before I even get there. I guess they were at the bar having a few drinks. As I arrive along with the rest of my girlfriends, we're seated at a long table inside. Water is brought out quickly, our drink orders are brought out in an okay time (there was only one bartender so that's understandable), but everything else just seemed to be ehh.  I was starving when I got there being that I had a busy day. I had to wave my hand in the air after I don't know how long of waiting just to get the server to come over. Apparently though, I wasn't waving at our server. I was waving at the girl who seats people and she was standing next to another woman who worked there. I don't know what her position was, but the girl who seats people went to her post and the other woman walked up to me. I told her that we were ready to order and she said that she would let our server know. Our server came and took our order. She was nice, but I don't think she liked us. It felt as though she thought she was superior to us and that we didn't deserve her services. My girlfriends and I were kind of taken back by her demeanor, but we just let it go since it was our friend's birthday. Eventually, we started getting irritated because it felt as though our table didn't exist.   I'm guessing that there needs to be more staff or something. Friendly staff, I should say.   On another note, we all loved our food and drink. The bartender was great (according to my girls because I didn't drink), but I wouldn't come back. Service is something that keeps people coming back - aside from the food. Hopefully, there will be improvements in the near future because it's such a cute place.  

                A great bartender makes a huge difference. In the case of Hopmonk Tavern Novato, that was the difference between 3.5 & 5 stars.  Coming here was pure impulse. I'd just done some shopping nearby & had no idea that a Hopmonk location was in this shopping center. I'd never been to a Hopmonk. So when I saw this place while driving by, I spun the car around, parked right in front & went on in.  It was mostly empty on a Sunday afternoon, except the bar area which was about 1/2 full. I sat at the bar. The bartender, Ronnie, was on the ball, energetic & entertainingly comical. 1 particular conversation between him & the bar patron sitting next to me was hilarious.  For food & drink, I ordered a Catfish BLT with a side Quinoa Salad & the Hopmonk tasting flight: Kellerbier, Tavern Ale, Dunkelweizen, IPA. The tasting flight was up promptly & the food followed shortly after.  The Catfish BLT looked impressive, but the catfish filets were dry inside the fried cornmeal crust. Also, there was only a tiny dab of the spicy remoulade. That dry catfish really could've used more. The side Quinoa Salad was very good. I liked it with the Dunkelweizen.  Which brings me to the beers. The Tavern Ale (Pale Ale) & IPA were unexceptional. There are some truly great Pale Ales & IPA's in California, so the bar is set pretty high. These did not measure up. Both were OK, but just OK.  I feel the Kellerbier & Dunkelweizen were the strengths of Hopmonk's 4 offerings. Both are not my favorite styles. But for what they are, both were quite good. Both were refreshing & reasonably complex.  Altogether, the rating arithmetic is: 4 stars for decor/ ambiance, 2.5 stars for food, 3.5 stars for beer = a 5 star experience. How does that add up? Like I said, a great bartender makes a huge difference. It was only a quick bite & a few beer tasters, but it was a fun time thanks to a great bartender.  

                I don't recommend this place.  The bar was overflowing with unwashed beer glasses. The bartenders are not knowledgeable about cocktails...i know it's a beer tap place but for the prices they charge for food and drink there should be a decent level of knowledge. Service is *not* prompt.  The burger was bad...tomato aioli was horrible in it. What bad execution.  They also did not cook the meat according to what I ordered. Ground beef should always be cooked through.  Big thumbs *down* for this place.  

                Food and service were fine.  

                Portobello burger is excellent. Perfect meat replacement. Tomato soup is a recommendation. Good fries.   Try this place. Family friendly despite what the name may indicate.  

                I have been to this restaurant about 3 times so far (different days of the week and different times). I have to say, they consistently have given myself and the rest of my family/friends great service as well as a pleasant experience throughout our visits. It's great to have a place to go when we want to treat ourselves while still not feeling like we're going to pay an arm and a leg for mediocrity. They have a great "hoppy hour" which I am for sure going to be taking full advantage of in the near future. I really hope this place sticks to its standards because I'm looking forward to visiting again and again.  

                I did a bit of research on this place before deciding that this is where I wanted to spend my Valentine's day dinner. I wanted to go somewhere nice, but cheap enough to be able to splurge on a bottle of wine, and appetizer, and maybe something sweet after. After reading the reviews, though, I had little faith that the service was going to be stellar, and boy was I right.   The ambiance is good, the place is packed so obviously the food here is good, and there are a lot of drink choices on the menu. All good things. The service here though was incredibly disappointing. The server seemed like we were inconveniencing her the whole time. We each ordered a cocktail, and then when we went to put in our dinner order, my bf went to order a bottle of wine to come out with our dinner. Before he could even finish ordering the wine she interrupted and said in an incredibly judgmental way, "I'm not going to order your wine until you have finished your cocktails." Boy did we ever feel like little children being chastised. As a former server, I always considered people ordering bottles of wine a slam dunk. It ups the price of the bill with always equals a bigger tip, and it makes your add on percentage much better too! Why was she so rude about it then? If it was restaurant policy to not serve a bottle of wine with a cocktail (which is weird but whatever), I would expect her to be able to explain it without making either of us feel embarrassed for wanting to splurge. So when BF finishes his cocktail, she comes back over and says, "I can put that bottle of wine in for you now." No....We wanted it with our meal. Which is what we were GOING to say before you rudely interrupted us.   The rest of the night was good. The food was delicious - I had the salmon and BF had the muscles. The grilled artichoke appetizer was perfect.   After our meal our server came over to drop off the dessert menu and  we both were finishing up the last of our wine and were considering a dessert and she comes back over a minute later and we tell her we are still thinking about it - She literally snatches the menu from the table and walks away. We just asked for the check and left.   Overall, I'd come back, but probably request not to have that server again. For what we got the price was cheap and the food was good.  

                On a business trip and this was right of the highway.  Beer ham and 4 cheese sandwich with tomato soup all makes for a good day.    The patio had live music and was very chill.  

                We've tried them 3 times and that was 3 times too many. The food and drinks are fine but their service is horrible! Not a friendly staff unless you're a cute young girl to hit on. The bar tender kept her back to us and has the staff ever heard of a smile? We won't be back  

                GREAT Beer selection. Staff is super knowledgable and food is good as well! Had our 10yr reunion here and was very impressed with the drink selection!  

                All of the wait staff is awesome. Very nice people.   Food was excellent. We had the samosas. Probably the yummiest, well rounded samosa. Lots of flavors and the dipping sauce was a sweet tangy lime flavor that overall enhanced the dish.   The Reuban was good, but the sweet potato fries with garlic aioli was delicious!  The roasted squash salad was very flavorful and unique. The balsamic vinaigrette was light, but present. All of the flavors worked very well together.   Pumpkin soup was liquid pumpkin- very good!   For dessert we had the bread pudding. Not too moist, not too dry. Paired with a delicious sauce and beer: the hopmonk dunkelweizen. Yum!   I would recommend coming here. Great service, food, and beer. They also have a full bar. Can find something for everyone to eat and drink. 3 large TVs by the bar which have sports on all the time. Come here, you can't be disappointed.  

                I've been here twice and both times I waited 15min for someone to greet me and it didn't happen so I left...there isn't much to choose from on there menu either.  

