                LOVE PHO,   very good and good customer service, everything is sooo fresh and very tasty.  

                Meh. I guess this is as authentic as Vietnamese can get in Almaden. Came in on a Thursday around 1030/11 and it was more than 2/3 full. On a weekday?   I ordered a Pad Thai and my boyfriend ordered a Pho Dac Biet. The Pad Thai came out after my boyfriend finished half his bowl, which was a little annoying and his pho wasn't all that great. It reminded me of Pho Hoa's pho... watered down and not full of flavor to fit different palates.   House of Pho is definitely white-washed Pho/Vietnamese food, but for a quick fix in the area, I'll take it. AND they get an extra star because they take card.  

                Ok. I don't understand the hype here. Their food is full of MSG and quite frankly not the best pho. However, what I like least about this place is the unfriendly service.  My husband  and I visited recently and were seated. The waitress comes over after 5 minutes to give us water. My husband asked if we could order and she says tersly "YOU just wait!"  We finally went to order and asked for no MSG. We were told the non-pho dishes are the only dishes we can ask for NO MSG. We ordered and shortly after we received our food.  it was practically thrown on the table with a scorned tone "here!" Obviously, they get away with this being the only game in town. Not recommended!  

                Wow, I am writing this as I am physically sitting at their table inside their restaurant. My parents sat down around 8:47PM, and I was coming from Barnes and Noble and sat with them at 9:05PM. I flag down a female waitress and she tells me they closed at 9:00PM and they physically and literally cannot serve pho anymore.   If time was really of the essence, then my parents could've ordered for me. But you'd think that since my parents sat down 10 minutes before they closed and had their hearty bowls of pho, it wouldn't be too big of a deal to take my order too.   The waitress tells me that there is NO ONE TO COOK anymore. She asks the back kitchen and they confirm that. Instead of being unaccommodating, they could've served me a simple bowl of Pho or been nicer about the whole ordeal.   I used to work in restaurants and cafes, and I've dealt with customer service before in the industry. Their food isn't even remotely good; check my previous review. I'm a fair person and I recognize that I sat down after they "officially closed" at 9PM but by 5 minutes! My parents were ALREADY SEATED!!! My mom lost her appetite after this terrible exchange. What's even worse is that the employees gave us a horrible attitude about it. Yes Asian restaurants are notorious for bad service but man, there's a limit to being a jerk to your patrons!  Worst service I've had in awhile! Worst service for a Vietnamese restaurant unfortunately. This place only gets attention because it's located in the busy Almaden Plaza and people can be clueless about good pho and decent service. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place like the Bubonic Plague. I'm just beyond words and extremely irritated by the horrible mistreatment we got. SAYONARA HOUSE OF PHO!  

                This place is okay. When I first walk in the pho smell hit me right in the nose making me want to try it. This my first time by the way.  The one thing I don't like is my mom and sister have to ask 2 different workers to bring us some onions. I think the broth have a lot of MSG.  Pros: Clean  Fast service Nice Decoration  Cons: Pricey Didn't greet me just ask how many people and sat me at a table. In a weird location where mostly white people shope at.  I might give this restaurant a second try.  

                My friends and I were coming in late from a day trip and we were on the road for a long time. It was cold and we wanted a good bowl of pho to warm us up. I wasn't expecting much from this place because it was a bit last minute and we were just looking for anything on the way back to my friend's house and this was it.  We ordered Bun Bo Hue and their Pho Dac Biet. The service was the typical vietnamese, get their attention to get anything done type of service. When we arrived, there were about 5 parties in line and all the tables were filled. I thought it was like other Vietnamese places I've been to in San Jose and you just get the attention of a waiter to be seated. However, here you need to put your name on a clipboard (fancy of them). We waited about 20 minutes until we were seated.   The Bun Bo Hue flavor was there, but it wasn't as amazing as my mom's. It seemed to be missing the shrimp paste. There wasn't any pork blood cubes. The pho broth was ok. It was a bit too oily for me and the meat was tough.   Overall, it is an ok place, but not the best.  

                Went here because it was so close to home and whenever I need a quick fix of pho or viet food, I come here.  It's not my favorite pho. The tai (rare meat) is sliced pretty thick and once again the bowl is rather large but mostly filled with broth. Not a lot of noodles or meat in there. The broth is a little bland for my taste. Doesn't have the authentic pho broth like I'm used to.  They also serve hu tieu nam vang here, surprisingly is really good!! I also tried the com tam as well but it's not that great. The meat is a little dry. The bun bo hue is mediocre, same as pho (large bowl with lots of broth but not a lot of noodles and meat).  

                I like eating Vietnamese food and usually opt for ordering pho. I like the pho dac biet bo vien, pho ga and pho chay here. The egg rolls, spring rolls and fried wontons are good here. I think the dried wontons are very good to order since they don't offer it at every Vietnamese pho restaurant. If you're ordering pho make sure to always get a side of onion in vinegar to eat with it too. Another good entree is the shaken beef which can come with pasta or rice but I think it tastes better with the pasta. I recommend you try the shaken beef.  The restaurant is located in a plaza that has Trader Joes, fruit grocery market, Costco, Starbucks and Ross, etc. so the location is convenient too.  

                Pretty decent pho. It was nothing too special for me. The nem nuong rolls were decent too. It was pretty packed on the day we went. Service was kinda slow. I don't know if they use msg in their broth but I was super thirsty all day :(  

                This is definetly as good as east side pho. it's usually always packed. I like there avocado shakes they are scrumptious. This place is gr8.  

                Nice looking place. Large windows and clean.  Extensive menu with many pictures. Diverse lunch crowd.  I have never tried a clay pot at a Vietnamese restaurant, and the picture looked good.  I was surprised: by the earthly glow of the food and fragrance of cilantro/lemon grass? it's a broken rice dish, dry and filled with pieces of sausage, ham, shrimps and a tiny bit of shredded veggie. Comes with a small bowl of soup; presumably to aid your enjoyment of this rice dish that somehow dries your tongue? the consomme has thin slices of onion and works well. As you enjoy the pieces of sausage, pork and shrimps, you keep enjoying the fragrance of this dish!  Customer service: very good.  Parking: ok, a bit tight.  Tip: as soon as you enter, look to the left on the wall and write your name on the wait list.  

                Great food, fast service, small seat selection. This place is bomb! They're packed at lunch and dinnertime, but are usually good at seating people in a timely manner.   The phõ is sometimes a little salty but the appetizers are bomb and the vermicelli is fantastic too. My mom, sister, and I have gone on many dates here and we love it.  

                I like going there during lunch break the days I need to get something at Costco. I ain't no expert in Vietnamese food but the Pho is always fresh and tasty.  I feel portions are quite big for an OK price however they don't put much meat in their beef based Pho. A-OK is the right description.  

                Very average. The prices here are a bit more than traditional noodle houses but I've been very happy if the food come well prepared and well done. This was not that. I ordered the rice noodle seafood soup a large one for 8.50. I got 2 shrimp and one little piece of squid.  That was it!!  Holy crap if you charge me 9 bucks for a bowl of soup I better get more than that!!  Additionally there was no basil offered. No traditional soup spoons just tinny metal ones.  This place usually has people out the door for it but I'm realizing its more location than anything. If you want more authentic phone I would drive a little longer and find a better place.  

                The pho is my fav in town. I usually order spring rolls too. It's a convenient location near other shopping. I would give 5 stars if service was more friendly. They can be a bit abrupt and ignore you. It's always busy!  

                12/4/14: Pleasantly surprised.  It's next to Costco, Trader Joes, and Bed Bath and Beyond, so I was thinking how good could an ethnic restaurant be amongst all these major American establishments!?  And it was pretty good!  1. Hue's Spicy Noodle Soup: $7.95 (small): This would be your basic pho broth but with quite a bit of hotness added, making the outside surface bright red.  Yeah, it's hot.  Not so hot you can't enjoy it, but just the right amount to make you sweat.  The noodles aren't the standard pho rice noodles but a round type, almost like a rice version of extra-thick spaghetti.  I think the noodles were very slightly under done from el dente, so a little extra time would make them perfect.  Filled with all your favorite pho meats--tendon, beef, fatty beef, and several other goodies.  For my ratings 5/10 is average, so though I'm giving this a 5/10, it is far from bad.  It's actually quite delicious.  But it's made like how it is made at all decent Vietnamese places, so that's just how I rate things: 5.5/10  Like I said, pleasantly surprised.  This is a good Pho house for sure, but since it's like all the others (which is a good thing in this case), I'm just giving it a 3/5.  But I would not hesitate to come back.  #Vietnamese #pho #noodles  

                I really enjoyed this place.    The broth was very light and not too salty.  I'd definitely come back here for their broth.  The only thing I was slightly disappointed in was their noodle serving.  I always get the same thing everywhere.  Regular (small) size bowl with brisket & tripe and yellow (egg) noodles instead.  The meat was good, not a lot of tripe either.  I'm always hesitant to get a large because it's usually just more broth and not more noodles/meat.  Maybe next time I'll have to get the large and see.  I was still pretty hungry after and the price is a little higher than other places.   I also ordered House Special Fried Wontons, which turned out to be like fried post stickers.  They were good!  The "wontons" were filled with meat & spices. My husband ordered their Fried Shrimp Cake, which wasn't too good.  It didn't have much flavor at all.  I want to give this place another try.  I always end up at Buy Buy Baby and I'll have to come back.    TIPS: Accepts Mastercard & Visa. It's located in a very busy plaza, but I'd suggest avoiding the Costco entrance.  

                This is a great Pho restaurant, they offer Veg Pho that is great. We get Veg Pho with Soft Tofu or the Thai basil with rice plate and it makes our day.  The indigirents  are all fresh and taste great..  

                You walk in and the sign says "Please wait to be seated," so we waited and turned out your suppose to write your name on a list behind us. Because of this people were seated before us and we were here before them.  

                I am an avid pho consumer. I have been to plenty of authentic pho restaurants. Coming to House of Pho, I was very disappointed. The meat quality was low and not as hearty as other pho places. The broth was satisfactory, but three bowls of pho were ordered at my table and only one dish of bean sprouts were served. The iced water tastes unfiltered. I ordered the seafood soup and the noddles were all stuck together. The broth was watery and there were only five or six small pieces of seafood in my soup. I also ordered the spring rolls and they did not taste fresh. The rice paper was too firm. I would not come here again.  

                The taste of their food is excellent, but their price and portions are a little off. Their large pho bowls are large but the soup and what's inside is definitely not large. They fill about half of the bowl plus it's almost 10 dollars. Not worth it for a large that is really half the size of the bowl. Not a place to have out either. They want to make their money so it's in and out for you.  

                I have been to many pho places , but by far this is one of the best that i have tried. I have tried almost all there plates and i have not been disappointed on anything. The food is excellent and the customer service is awesome.     If its your first time trying pho I'd recommend the pho gha (chicken soup)    There fired checking is the best! you could not go wrong with any of there food. I promise you will not be disappointed.  

                Good place for a pho, their large is truly a large. My boyfriend & I decided to share a large bowl of the pho (#1) & number 52 which is the combo rice plate.  The pho is delicious, the broth isn't even oily or salty at all, only thing is that they give you a small plate of bean sprouts & basil if you order one bowl.   The rice plate is a bit on the oily side because of the deep fried chicken wings; this was alright... Probably wouldn't order it again.  Overall this is a good spot if you're around the area.  

                Went here for lunch with my girlfriend. Ordered a small tai and large combo pho. The small looked like it had the same amount of pho as the large except it was in a different bowl. The broth wasn't that great. It was very bland. The portions of noodles were a lot more than the amount of meat I was expecting in my combo bowl. All in all I would say this is mediocre pho. Not the best but not the worst I had.   Must try? No Try again? I'll try another spot first.  

                Its really the only good Phó place in Almaden area.. Of course you can take the trip over to East Side SJ, but uggg...sometime you just don't have it in you to drive over there. So we come here. Its pretty good. Staff is a hit or miss...sometime they like yea, other times they could careless about you. But I really like there #19 its a peanut spicy soup. HOLY MOLY.....knock your socks off!  

                My wife and I have been to quite a few Vietnamese restaurants in the Bay Area and I was pleasantly surprised to find one in the same shopping center where we were shopping at Costco.   It was fairly crowded when we arrived around 6:00pm on a Sunday. There was a sign up sheet and we ended up waiting about 10 minutes. We got seated next to another couple which was rather uncomfortable for me.  I had been craving some Pho for quite a while so I ordered their #2 combination while my wife had the grilled pork over rice that included two large fried chicken wings, a small bowl of broth, and a fried egg roll. We share so I was able to taste and see that the ingredients they used were quality. All the food items were delicious including the egg roll albeit a bit on the hard side and not crunchy; perhaps it is the thick wrapper they use?  Halfway thru our meal my wife looks like she just saw a ghost and tells me that there is a hair in the rice. As she quickly walks into the bathroom, I let one of the busboys know this. A waitress gives me a check for the full amount and later on gives me the adjusted amount subtracting the ruined meal with the hair. Feeling a bit peeved and sickened to my stomach, I go up to pay for the meal and the cashier apologizes embarrassingly. On the way out I pick up my wife who is still in the restroom retching.  I really wanted to give this establishment at least three stars but honestly, whenever unwanted particles invade my meal I feel there is just no excuse for this kind of sloppiness. I feel the restaurant could have done one better by comping both of our meals, have their manager visit us for an apology, and assure us that this will never happen again. That did not happen so most likely we will probably not revisit this establishment. At the very least, I hope the owners see this review and improve on their food preparation hygiene.  Okay, my Pho craving has been satiated and I probably won't have that craving for quite a while since it will remind me of this experience. Excuse me, I feel nauseous.  

                This restaurant has a section for vegetarians towards the end of the menu. I always get the rice noodle soup or the vegetarian fried rice with tofu.   The smoothies are inexpensive and are really good! I wish they had bigger sizes.   You pay at the cashier which a lot of people don't know but there's signs on the wall. The waiters and waitresses are very nice.  I go here so often they know my order. Hahaha  

                House of Pho can be a hit or miss, really. The first time I was there was when they just opened, and I thought the pho was pretty good. They had good quality meat, fresh produce, etc. Since my return, the pho has gone a bit downhill. The soup was pretty bland, and the beef wasn't as fresh as I'd expected it to be. I also tried their fried wontons, which were good but nothing spectacular.  As this is one of the very few pho staples in South San Jose, most people frequent the restaurant. Parking is ample as it's part of the Costco lot; however, I do recommend making the short trek over to East San Jose if you're picky for better quality pho.  

                Soup is always hot and appetizers are fresh. I like coming here but it's always busy, but it is worth the wait.  

                Pho was ok. I've had waaay better. I ordered mine to go and oh boy they are stingy with the sauce. One large pho and they only gave me one little packet of each sauce. I wish I would have checked before leaving, but I didn't notice until I got home. Geez Seriously one little packet?  

                I said I'll be back and back I was! This time, there was a crowd; I had to wait about 20 minutes on a Sunday night. But, I really wasn't complaining because I know that people only want to enjoy a bowl of good pho. Service was great and the soups came out in a timely manner. Well seasoned broth with a great portion of meat; I really couldn't complain. House of Pho never fails to satisfy.  

                Yay finally a pho place near my house!   Decent pho and dishes, good enough service, and awesome location (near my home, in a convenient plaza) = I'm sold!  

                I was very surprised by this place, its probably the best Pho restaurant in south San Jose. The noodle and the rice plates are really good.  Their customer service could use some improvement, there is little eye contact and the order takers could be more helpful. The way they bring out the food is unusual, They will bring one dish 2 minutes after you order and then bring out the other dishes 10, 15 minutes later.  

                I honestly didn't expect much of this place before coming here. I assumed it wouldn't be that impressive because it was a more "Americanized" version of the traditional places I'm used to eating at ... I was wrong. This place is much nicer and cleaner that other pho places around and the service was fast and friendly just how I like it. The broth was quite tasty and full of seafood which is also a BIG plus for me. I didn't give 5 stars because there's still better places out there but we will definitely be back to this location. Also, they had one of the best taro smoothies I've ever had!  

                The service was ok. The place was very busy, lots of people. Can't go wrong with any of the soups (Pho). I felt the portions were a bit small. The specialty jelly drinks were good but filled with lots of ice.  

                Have to say 5 star considering what else is available in the area *cough Pho Mai cough*.   Contrary to the othe reviews, I didn't find the pho too salty.  Been here about 4 times now and haven't look back.  I'm all about the rare steak and tendon.  Generous on both beef parts.  Especially on take out - most spots try to gaff you on take out but the measured out portions were spot in to dine in.    Chicken pho is good too.  Wish they had a skin on dark meat option - that would be on point.   The dry noodle is solid and the grill meats were juicy and not dry.  Hope they can keep this level up with all the hectic business they've been having.  

                Pho tai... It was okay, except the rare steak was dark brown and was probably overcooked before even being placed on my table.   The garlic noodles with seafood and crab is super tasty, but finding the crab was like finding something at Macy's during Black Friday.  Egg rolls are tasty, but overcooked to my liking (hard rather than crunchy). Also, the fish sauce didn't have much in it aside from liquid, leading me to think it came out of a bottle even though it likely didn't.   Like most Asian restaurants, the dishes didn't come out at the same time so half our party was halfway through their meals by the time the rest of the food came out.   My brother is allergic to peanuts and told the waiter during his order but found peanuts at the bottom of his vermicelli bowl. Luckily he is only mildly allergic, so picking it out sufficed. However if you have a peanut allergy, I would stay away from the vermicelli to be safe.  I typically balk at paying more than $7.50 for a Vietnamese dish, but this place beats the drive to east San Jose.  

                3.5  Okay, okay, hype over. Three for three times the che sucked so bad, I actually thought buying the tropical fruit from the cans would be a better deal. Meaning, don't bother! I still enjoy the pho, given the price, but have found it cheaper to order the dac biet #1 without the tendon than to order a different pho and add meatballs (+$1.50). The soup is slightly on the saltier side, but I like it that way (and by no means is it the best pho in SJ). I also had the vermicelli the other week and asked for simple salad (no cucumbers or sprouts) but the request was ignored or forgotten. I found the grilled meat and eggroll to be so-so. Meh on the vernicelli noodles but yes on the spring rolls which are kind of skinny but hey, less rice noodles means a skinnier me.   Friendly, decent service. Not the best, but the best in the area!  

                We had a bit of a wait for our seats. Busy because of its location. Our meals came and we were eating ... until I found a hair in my food.  I ended up in the bathroom throwing up because of what I found.  My husband came to get me he'd paid the bill and they'd comped my meal.  I will never go there again!  

                Got the #37 vermicelli with egg rolls and pork. Very yummy, thin noodles. Thai tea is yummy but not the best I've had. Their dessert drinks are delicious however and full of jellies! I'd recommend any pho or vermicelli here, be careful with the spicy broths though- they are super spicy!! Be prepared for a wait, especially around dinner or lunch. Although you'll be behind a few people, the staff moves it along very fast  

