                This place is legit, so good and great service.. Owner makes everything from scratch and provides great service for everyone who walks in his door.   The esspresso beverages here are also on point and authentic! So great for your morning stop as well! Have him toast you up a blueberry muffin, it's amazing!  

                This place is not good. I ordered the eggplant pesto and the eggplant was cut so thin that it was stringy and chewy. Also it was burnt so there was an overwhelming burnt flavor with each bite which hampered the potentially delicious bread and mozzarella. The falafel wrap was decent but nothing noteworthy either.  However the worst part of the experience is that the cafe felt unsanitary. It has very dim lighting that gave an unclean aura from the start. But this feeling waa escalated because of the food handling practices. The staff wore plastic gloves but handled your money and the food with the same gloves. Also, while weighing the meat, they did not put parchment paper on the scale leaving slimy meat residue on the scale. Overall just an unpleasant experience even with the incredibly nice staff. I just can't handle mediocre food with thoughts of food poisoning crawling at the back of my mind.  

                I've been coming here since 1999. In fact it was this place that helped me start eating raw tomatoes!  The falafel is amazing and the owner ensures there is great quality. The prices are great. My favorite is the hummus wrap.  

                So this place became my go-to place for lunch. The owner always gives me free sample, whether it is a little cup of smoothies or the turkey that he roasts himself. I am not a big fan of turkey but those were the juiciest turkey I've ever had. Although there are many many sandwiches and wraps I can choose from, I always find myself ordering the same one over and over again -- the veggie delight. DON'T EAT IT IN FRONT OF PEOPLE because it is stuffed with goodies like avocado, sprouts and feta cheese, and it'll get really messy. But it is so refreshing and fulfilling! Definitely the best I've ever had!  

                The smoothies here are not bad. I've gotten the Maui Dream and another smoothie before (I believe it was coconut pineapple?). The Maui Dream was pretty good. It had a lot of fruits in it, and I really liked the sorbet that was added on top of the smoothie, as well as the fresh fruits on top.  I remember the second I got being not very flavorful and not that good. It was also somewhat watery. The price for these smoothies is almost $5, and for the size of cup, it's not worth it. The man making the smoothies is always really friendly though!  

                I've never tried the food here, but if you're either here or at Banana Sam's and are lucky enough to see the owner there too, make sure to ask him for his custom smoothie!! Seriously the best smoothie I've ever had.  

                I stopped by here one morning due to good reviews.  I ordered an orange carrot juice and a bagel breakfast sandwich. They were both ok. The bagel ingredients were all microwaved (egg ham and bacon).  The unsettling part, is the sanitation. The owner (I'm assuming) is a nice guy, but around his fingernails it was black for whatever reason. That was a huge turn off. Plus, he didnt wear gloves when preparing my items. I didn't see him wash his hands between the different items. And to conclude, he rung me up and didnt wash his hands. I hope he washed his hands to make the next guy's sandwich.   I would want to try this place again, but maybe when someone else is working (and in a cleaner manner).  

                I come here all the time for lunch. The sandwiches here are an affordable and tasty way to fill you up until dinner time. The convenient location is a huge plus, right next to campus and many apartment complexes in the area.  The staff here is really friendly and very obliging when it comes to customizing your order. The cafe is pretty small, not much room to sit without blocking everyone in line. I'd definitely recommend getting a sandwich to go and eating it on Memorial Glade.  My favorite here is the turkey avocado on a croissant. The texture of the toasted croissant is amazing and the ingredients in the sandwich are all fresh and super tasty.  After coming here once, I guaruntee you will become a regular.  

                Unless you'd like to be told that "you look like you could give birth tomorrow....to twins!" by the owner in response to you stating that you're not due for 4 months, I wouldn't go here.  

                Standard student centered deli at student centered prices. For about $4.50 I got a saucy chicken sandwich that was as tasty as it was incurably messy. This isn't a sandwich one can walk around and eat. But they say that's bad for you so maybe the folks here are doing something of a public service.  Next time I go, I'm gonna get a falafel.  

                Dark and dingy.  I like cafes with a unique character, except I much prefer open, uplifting themes to one that looks like a UC Berkeley building in dire need of renovation.  Came here because of the glowing Yelp reviews, and the food was better than I expected.  I always look at the photos beforehand, but sometimes it's an issue when there's no scale.  This is what happened--the wraps look tiny in the photos, but it turned out to be huge!  Like, almost Chipotle size!  I couldn't finish it even though it was a late lunch and I was hungry.    I got the lamb wrap (a little under $7 after tax) because I couldn't find the falafel wrap that everyone was talking about.  The menu might have changed, but in any case the lamb wrap was not bad.  Toasted pita (or you can choose bread), tabbouleh, hummus, spicy sauce, jalapenos.  Overall a good combination of flavors, though I found it a bit unimpressive that the lamb was pre-made and just microwaved.    They only have 1 table outside, and on the inside they have high chairs with a long table.  The long table is TINY, and when you eat there your face is right up against the wall.  Maybe I'm just claustrophobic, but this is where the interior design could be improved.    Service was pretty friendly.  I was helped by a bubbly Korean lady, and you rarely see people that energetic and warm :)  Definitely brightened up this dark place.  

                The coffee is strong, prices are great ($1.65 for a large coffee!), fruits and veggies are organic, and Jamal is so kind and friendly--you'll leave with a smile.  

                Such a cute little cafe! I always order the 'daily special', egg and ham croissant (which I loooooove). The owners are super adorable, and have amazing customer service.   Pro: Convenient, taste, price  Con: Small, sanitation, only accepts debit if it's $5+ (or was it $10, I don't remember)  

                Pretty much my go-to sandwich place on north side.  Great sandwiches and breakfast items. Definitely one of the best customer experiences as it's run by people who actually care whether or not people like their food.  I would recommend just about any of the sandwiches and the #6 on the breakfast menu.  

                I've passed by this place countless times over the past two years, and have never tried it. I decided to go today, and damn, their spicy falafel wrap is amazing! Without a doubt the best falafel I've ever had.   Vegetables are chopped right in front of you, and the wrap was made really quickly (in about 5 minutes)? Everything tastes fresh and is packed with flavor. The staff here is really friendly and helpful if you're trying to decide what to order. All in all, solid lunch spot. I'll be coming back to try their sandwiches!  

                I went to Hummingbird Cafe to try the highly regarded veggie delight sandwich. On a weekday afternoon the line was to the door, but it moved quickly and soon enough I had my sandwich in hand.  I was excited to try this sandwich because of the high reviews, but it didn't live up to hype. My sandwich was sloppily made and all the veggies were slip-sliding everywhere and the sandwich fell apart after the first bite. I had my sandwich on standard sliced wheat bread and it definitely was not sturdy enough to hold in the vegetables.  It was really cheap and all the workers were pleasant enough, but with all the sandwich options in the area, I don't think I'll be back.  

                There was mold in my lemonade. Mold the size of my thumb. When I pointed this out, the cashier scooped it out with the lid and then tried to hand it back to me! When I made a face she went to the back to check if they had more (DIDN'T WANT MORE), but they didn't, so she begrudgingly gave me a refund. Uh, yikes.  

                This place is always great to go to for lunch.  Their sandwiches are great, and the service is fantastic.  Just watch out if you are going for lunch, as it can get very crowded with Cal students.  Otherwise, it is a very good place to go.  

                The smoothies here are AMAZING. Sandwiches are decent for half the cost of what it would be on campus. The workers are really friendly.  

                Had a fresh squeezed watermelon juice, so sweet (naturally), cold, refreshing and good on a warm day.  The sandwiches are pretty decent as well. The owner of the spot was very nice and friendly too.  

                I visited Hummingbird Cafe today with my boyfriend for lunch. It's a shame that they are never open by the time I want to eat dinner! I was really looking forward to trying the falafel wrap here and left very satisfied.  The wrap is delicious and very filling for only $7 (after tax). I got the spicy version, which came with jalapenos. My boyfriend got a wrap with beef and lamb and it also tasted very good. I think the pricing here is very reasonable and the servers are extremely friendly.  The only downside is that you most likely have to get food to go - there isn't much place to sit except a small bar off to the side that does not fit many people.  

                Incredible service and delicious food! Went in not knowing what to order at all and the owner and everyone else working were absolutely incredible. He said he would make me a sample sandwich to change my mind about not liking and eggplants and quickly whipped a mini sandwich for me. Although I dislike eggplants, tomatoes, sprouts, pickles (basically the entire sandwich), he changed my mind! Even after I got my sandwich, he offered me other samples of things he was cooking up. Definitely will be back, for the sandwiches and the service.  

                I was looking for some breakfast on Northside so I decided to check this place out.  The term cafe might be a misnomer; it's more of a pickup-and-go kind of place so there aren't tables for sitting with friends or wifi to study - which was fine for what I was there for.   I went thinking I would try the falafel like all the yelp reviews suggested but I'm a sucker for smoked salmon so I decided on the Sealock(?) bagel sandwich with sprouts, tomatoes, pickles, and this cream cheese that's "blended with smoked salmon" on an everything bagel.  I personally hate dense, dough-y bagels that make up like half the sandwich but this was soft and they heated it up so it went perfect the rest of the sandwich.  It was only 3.95! Definitely a bargain compared to any salmon bagel I've had anywhere else.   Initially at checkout, the lady told me there was a five dollar minimum for my debit card I decided to try the vegetable juice the man kept insisting was the best. Honestly, I don't drink healthy juices at all so I was really pleasantly surprised when the sample the lady gave me to try was sweet and tasted fresh.  I decided to get the 16 oz/small size for about 3 dollars but honestly, I didn't finish more than half of my drink.  It might've been because the sample was such a small sip but I personally found the vegetable juice really strong and I wanted to be healthy but it was too much for me haha.   The service was sweet, the place was cute, and I was happily full with less than 10 dollars - I'm down to come back and try those sandwiches!  

                Man the vegetarian delight ranks pretty highly as one of my favorite vegetarian sandwiches I have ever eaten. I got it with extra avocado on a sweet onion roll. It's safe to say I will be coming into this place daily to purchase that sandwich. On top of that, the prices are great for your average starving student. I got a decent sized sandwich and 24 oz of carrot orange juice for under 10$. I was very pleased with how much juice they provided at such a reasonable price. And it was delicious. They also have marinated mixed veggies that I found to be super yummy! The owner of this establishment is also very sweet.  

                || B A C K G R O U N D ||  Their menu is BEAUTIFUL, as is the food that they serve!  The place is fairly small, but it's cozy and efficiently structured. You place your order to the woman behind the deli bar (they have a nice selection of cold dishes), and you walk to the end of the counter to pay at the cashier. They have specials on papers all around the back wall, so take your time to choose your meal!  There are a few seats against the wall, as well as one table with two chairs outside. We were lucky to nab the table and enjoy the rare beautiful Berkeley weather. Unfortunately, the table is next to the window that displays their tantalizingly pastries, which kept tempting me as I ate my lunch :c  || F O O D ||   SHAWERMA LAMB + HUMMUS SANDWICH: lamb, hummus, mayonnaise, lettuce, tomato, all on Dutch Crunch bread [$5.95] - This was listed on a paper with specials, just below their board. - The lamb was delectably tender and juicy, and the hummus was a GREAT addition.  It pairs surprisingly well with the mayo. - They let you choose your sandwich bread, and the Dutch Crunch was just the right amount of crunch c:  FALAFEL [$6.50] - A falafel wrap that looked good and tasted good! The falafels were yummy!  || C L O S U R E ||  An awesome meal at an even awesomer price. I'd come back to try anything else on their menu!  

                I've been here five times so far. Great sandwiches and wraps for cheap. Lots of variety and everything's fresh, cut and prepared before your eyes. Espresso and muffins are pretty good, too.  The staff is so friendly! Nice to see a family-run business.  

                Vegetable juice saved my life this morning...man knows how to make his fruit/veg drinks! Sandwich list is amazing, very reasonably priced. Bagel game on lock. Smoothie variety in effect. Give them your money and your stomach will thank you!  

                Hummingbird Cafe is a throwback to the heydey of Berkeley's activist and Hippie era, circa '60s and '70s, when places like this were as prolific as FroYo shops are today.   It is the classic Berkeley sandwich deli, offering fresh veggie juices and healthy alternatives to that Mickey D's or Burrito place you went to last week.   A lot of Northside regulars come here to get their taste of Berkeley of yesteryear, before there were Cupcake, SubWay's and Boba tea places on every corner.  

                This is a cute little cafe on Euclid Ave. that I stop by for lunch sometimes. The space inside is really small and although there is a row of counter seating, it's way too crammed, so I always take my food to-go. They sell sandwiches, bagels, pasta salad, smoothies, and pastries, so lots of options to choose from. The service is always super friendly, which makes coming here more enjoyable. I can usually be in and out within 5 minutes which is great for efficiency.   What I've tried: - Veggie delight sandwich ($4.50): lettuce, spinach, tomato, cucumber, eggplant, sprouts, avocado, feta cheese <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hummingbird-cafe-berkeley?select=SLWiNGQeqbjWBuRDDIH-XQ#QcZkt9Ml4-7QZ06X2DwkTA">yelp.com/biz_photos/humm…</a> - North beach bagel ($3.95): eggplant, cucumber, feta cheese  I like getting the veggie delight since all the ingredients are super fresh and tasty! It's definitely not your boring vegetarian sandwich. I usually get it on a seeded sourdough roll and I'm a fan of how they mash the avocado so that the consistency is more like a spread so it doesn't fall out of the sandwich! The bagel is awesome too and this is coming from someone who doesn't even like eggplant! The way they roast/grill it must be magical because it is super flavorful compared to raw eggplant. However, finishing the whole bagel usually leaves my stomach pretty heavy feeling so the sandwich feels like a healthier option. I wish Hummingbird Cafe was open later so that I could come more often (they close early in the afternoon) :(  TIP: Cash only!  

                Awesome stuff, especially if you're vegetarian! Egg salad, Veggie Delight, Eggplant Pesto. All great  

                The smoothies are ok - have a strange, tangy taste that indicated there was a mix or powder in there. I like my smoothies pure - just fruit and juice. No sherbet or ice cream or supplements. I asked for a smoothie with just fruit and juice and the owner refused to do it. He's a grumpy guy. I'd rather go elsewhere!  

                This cafe is reliable in that they are pretty consistent. Great staff, good atmosphere, and GOOD honest food!! I've become somewhat of a regular.  However, just now I opened my "turkey and pepperjack cheese" sandwich and ..... THEY FORGOT THE CHEESE!  aghhhhhhh FRUSTRATE!  I would usually just steam about this then carry on because it was her simple mistake, but (and this is pretty pathetic) it is a pet peeve of mine now to order something, get really really excited about the ingredients then have one missing. Especially since cheese is a luxury for me these days (yes, I had to parse out the potential calories, fat and protein content in my head and approve this meal relative to my energy output and other meals..... I totally do that since I recently lost a lot of weight and intend to keep it that way).  So, after ALL that brain power used and excitement built, I was mega disappointed to find a main ingredient missing. Esp since I'm sure I paid more than one would for what I received: a regular 'ol turkey sandwich...   EHHHH I'm bummed :((((((((((((((  Oh, well, I'll just have a Babybell cheese thing for snack.  

                I asked for a breakfast sandwich. They took the egg, put it in a cheap throw away plastic container and microwaved the egg. That is SO TOXIC. You are NOT supposed to microwave things in cheap plastic containers! That's why the FDA requires 'microwave safe' on all plastic safe enough to microwave in.  Here are the facts: When food is wrapped in plastic or placed in a plastic container and microwaved, substances used in manufacturing the plastic (plasticizers) may leak into the food. In particular, fatty foods such as meats and cheeses cause a chemical called diethylhexyl adipate to leach out of the plastic. DO NOT EAT ANYTHING MICROWAVED IN CHEAP PLASTIC CONTAINERS.  

                My friend and I came here for lunch, and we were not disappointed! The menu is itself a piece of art, with everything scribbled in colorful chalk. The cafe does a great job at showcasing their diverse food offerings as well. They feature several different items in their glass case, and your mouth immediately begins to salivate. I asked about their hummus, and the owner generously gave me a big piece of bread with hummus. The hummus was as fresh as can be since he just blended it himself in front of us. He recommended I get the spicy falafel sandwich for $7.07, and it was so good! Inside there was romaine lettuce, mayo, hummus, falafel, and jalapeños. The sandwich was nearly perfect, but I feel that it would be a little better without the jalapeños. The owner and workers are all very friendly. They asked if I was vegetarian, and after I said that I was, they recommended that I try the eggplant sandwich next time I stop in for lunch, which will be tomorrow.  

                Their North Beach Bagel is amazing. Everything I have tried is great, but this bagel includes some very special, thinly sliced, fire-roasted, secret-seasoned, eggplant. Its hard to describe. Extremely delicious. Apparently several people are addicted to it. I am one of those people.  

                I've been here a lot since my last review. This place is my go-to for a quick lunch or snack on northside! I usually get two things from here: an egg salad sandwich (good, cheap, and filling, but nothing too special), and/or a blackberry smoothie.   This review is about the blackberry smoothie.   I LOVE THEIR BLACKBERRY SMOOTHIE!! This isn't actually on the menu last time I checked. I usually try ordering the cranberry or some sort of berry they don't have in stock/season. Then the main smoothie man will suggest a blackberry smoothie.... to which of course I always say YES because it is the most delicious smoothie you will ever have. It's the perfect combination of sweet, tangy, and creamy... mmmm.   They definitely use fresh berries (I've eaten enough blackberry seeds to attest to that statement), and they finish the smoothie off with a dollop of yogurt and a whole fresh blackberry on top. It's cute enough to instagram!! Pick one up and head off to memorial glade for a nice afternoon.  

                Such a great place!! The man who helped me was so friendly and welcoming. I ended up having a berry smoothie, which was honestly the best smoothie I've had in Berkeley - really refreshing. I'm excited to try more here!! Definitely recommend going if you're on Northside! :)  

                Went there again and got the Vegetarian Delight. Hella good. :D  

                This place is the best, people working there are amazing and really kind hearted. Cheap too  

                Love the employees! Always friendly, and they work very efficiently and care about getting a long line dealt with efficiently (unlike Stuffed Inn across the street, which has much longer and slower lines).  Plenty of great vegetarian sandwiches- veggie delight, hummus, and the falafel are my favorites.  

