                Do you like biscuits? Fresh, flaky, buttery homemade biscuits? Here, you get TWO with breakfast. How about coffee: do you like the good stuff? Waffles? Then EAT HERE  

                I have been coming here for a few years ... It is now my favorite place in El Cerrito, Albany, Kensington Area.   They serve decent portions, but the quality of food is superb! They use aged cheddar cheese for omelette, their potato is full of spices and comes with sour cream on the side.   One thing you shouldn't miss is their home made biscuits... A bit on the dry side - but butter and their jam makes it perfect.  

                Only thing worth getting here is a Mocha. Everything else is greasy and unemployable.  

                Cutest, quaint brunch place.  CASH ONLY though.  My soho omelette was perfect and I couldn't stop taking bites of biscuit even after I was stuffed. :)  

                I'm a fan - at least for brunch.  Simple brunch items - nothing special, but solid and tasty.  They did have one interesting thing that my wife loved.  Basically a corn-cilantro pancake that was wrapped around avocado and salsa....so good.  Cute little place in the hills of Kensington.  

                Awesome biscuits, great coffee, lightning fast and friendly service  

                Cute little restaurant in Town. We wanted a really good breakfast our last morning on vacation and found this place on yelp.  I ordered the burrito with green chili and my husband got French toast, both were wonderful! In fact I made him split half and half because they were so tasty.  

                Good place to have brunch.  The area is amazing, and the food is great for the price.  

                Inn lending has some of the most amazing food I have ever had. Their pasta is especially delicious. The prices are great for the kind of food they have. My dad's recommended this place to me and boy were right. I always try to go whenever I pass or come near to the place. The service is good and what is the best thing about it is that they remember you for the next time you come just like you are a regular of course if you are not already a regular. I would recommend this place to any one who is looking for a good meal for the right price.  

                Buscuits are AWESOME !!! Most of the breakfast option can be vegetarian and waffles are delicious :) servers are friendly and Service is FASTTTT  !!!  It is a small place but because of fast service you don't wAit long. Parking options are good. They accept cash or check, this is the only minus for this place but with delicious BISCUITS you wont stay upset long :) Ohhh price is good also.  

                The food was good. The service was okay. They had a white board with the days specials on it - almost nothing on the board was available.  This is also a cash only restaurant so be careful if you only travel with cards.  

                Have you ever loved something so much that your contemplated the possibility of pulling a bank heist on the restaurant in order to unlock your wildest dreams? That's how much I loved their biscuits for a Saturday morning brunch... They made me believe in God.   And the service was great. We had someone change her order a couple of times and the waiter was rolling with it no problem. Told her that if she didn't like anything they would replace it with something else at no charge. And I swear that it was the fastest food delivery. The restaurant was slammed and we got our 4 meals in about 4 minutes. All fresh, all delicious. The potatoes are superb in a world of often overlooked and disappointing breakfast potatoes.   All in all: good price, great service, bomb food, and biscuits that make you consider refinancing your mortgage for so that you could buy more.  Post-Review Edit: When he brought the check I told him that I'd help clean em out of any old biscuits jokingly... He brought me two fresh ones on the house  

                Great food for the price and friendly staff.  This place is a great neighborhood spot and the food is simple and quick.  

                Breakfast all day, served super quick. Food is tasty and cooked right as ordered. Small bathroom way in the back. Parking is inadequate, but if you circle around to the left, there is a small parking lot across the street and slightly down the hill with additional 10 spaces or so.  

                I have been eating here since I was in college.  Always prompt, courteous service with GREAT food at a good price.  I went here with my girlfriend during our college days and now that she is my fiance, we still think of this as one of "our" first dating places.  We drive 45+ miles from Brentwood about once a month for their delicious food.  To this day, it is probably my fiance's favorite place for breakfast in the whole East Bay.  

                If you want to see how a restaurant should be ran come check this place out, they couldn't be more efficient. Great service, great food, great price.  

                Tonight Inn Kensington did a Valentine's dinner.  We tend not to go out on Valentine's Day because most restaurants get overwhelmed and the wheels fall off, but Inn Kensington had two seatings, one at 6:00 and the other at 8:00.  We trusted they would be able to manage the crowd well.  We made reservations for 6:00.  Alan asked if he could have fresh fruit for dessert rather than the two choices they were offering and Drew left a message that that would be no problem.  The restaurant was full.   The tables were decorated w/ curls of ribbon w/ little candy hearts scattered among them.  For starters we were given the choice of a puree of roasted baby beet soup or a salad w/ strawberries and mango, dried cranberries, sweet red onion, toasted almonds, mixed baby greens and raspberry honey vinaigrette.  I chose the soup and Alan chose the salad and they were both delicious. The soup was warm, w/ an earthy quality from the beets and the mango and strawberry I tasted from the salad were fresh and sweet.  We were given a small loaf of their freshly baked bread w/ ramekins of butter.  The next course was grilled black tiger prawns served w/ mashed potatoes garnished w/ red bell pepper coulis and green chimichurri.  The prawns were excellent, fresh and tasty.  For our mains Alan chose the Grand Marnier marinated seafood wrapped in parchment w/ sweet peppers, red onion, Valencia orange and beet-red pappardelle pasta and I chose the pan-roasted leg of lamb crusted w/ coarse ground mustard and parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme w/ roasted garlic mashed potatoes, baby carrots and asparagus spears.  The lamb was luscious, dotted w/ roasted garlic cloves.  I was so glad I chose it.  I didn't eat the mashed potatoes because the prawns had come w/ mashed potatoes.  After I tasted Alan's papardelle I was sorry I didn't ask to substitute it for the potatoes.  It was absolutely spectacular.  For dessert I chose the mint chocolate mousse.  It was topped w/ whipped cream and fresh raspberries.  Alan had a goblet of assorted fresh fruit.  My chocolate mousse was rich yet subtle.  Perfection.    Service was seamlessly efficient and friendly.  A couple of parties of two came to the door w/o reservations, probably unaware it was a special dinner, and were gently turned away.  We were very impressed w/ the entire experience and would come back next year if they do this again.  The cost was $55 per person, plus extra for wine, beer or coffee or tea.  I had a delicious glass of wine, a generous pour for $8.  I thought the meal was well worth the cost.  They do not take credit cards, but accept cash or local checks.  There's a Mechanics Bank branch down the block and you can use their ATM if you need cash.  

                For those of you new to the area, Kensington is an adorable neighborhood!  I grew up coming to Inn Kensington for weekend breakfast and brunches with my family and friends for years.   A very simple eatery offering traditional American breakfast items, it's a perfect family-oriented breakfast spot.   Smaller in size, tables are typically designed for couples or groups of four. However, if you are hoping to dine with a larger crowd, the staff will not hesitate to accommodate you.   Inn Kensington is quite a popular breakfast spot, so I would highly suggest arriving on the earlier side. Lines form quickly and it's not uncommon for there to be a waiting list. Weekends seem to be the busiest, with breakfast/brunch beginning at 8:00 am and lasting until 3:00 pm, 9:30-10:30 are usually when they are the most crowded.  While I've only come to Inn Kensington for breakfast, they also serve lunch and dinner.  For breakfast, I've typically stuck with ordering The Regular Breakfast (two eggs scrambled, fried, or poached, served with home-fried potatoes and sour cream, a side of fresh fruit, and the choice of buttermilk biscuits or whole wheat or sourdough toast)  I've alternated between scrambled and sunny-side up eggs and always ordered a side of chicken-apple sausages but have been a dedicated orderer of their famous buttermilk biscuits! I have to say those biscuits were always the highlight of my breakfast. They are warm with a buttery flavor and have a similar texture to a nicely baked scone, of course, they are best eaten heated.   They also have a nice selection of scrambles and omelets. I've ordered their Mexican Scramble, Chorizo Scramble, Firenza Omelette, and Vegetarian Omelette.   In terms of beverages, I've been a long standing fan of their hot chocolate. It's richer in flavor and made with darker cocoa. Top it off with some whip cream and you'll be set!  Their espresso drinks are also a nice pairing with most of their dishes. I always appreciate coffee on the stronger side!   While the dishes aren't anything out of the ordinary or stray from typical breakfast favorites, Inn Kensington provides comfortable dishes and relaxing atmosphere to get your morning off to a good start.  

                Great egg scrambles Something for a nice breakfast or brunch with friends! Look for the ones with avocado, these are superb!  

                Really pleasant, old fashioned place. I spent many morning there. I like to construct my breakfasts from their side orders of avocado and apple-chicken sausage. The "seasonal fruit" they have there is somewhat pathetic though and in general fresh produce seem to be somewhat scarce in there.  

                The fastest breakfast - every time! Whenever I order I am barely taking my first sip of coffee and they are delivering my food. All the staff are very friendly and the food is delicious- their bread is ridiculously yummy.   It's usually pretty busy during brunch on the weekends, but they move people through quickly with their fast service. Dinner is always a really sweet experience, and in general there is a great neighborhood vibe. Cash only, but there's an ATM right down the street.  

                Richmond/El Cerrito seriously lacking good breakfast places.  Climbed up the hill to finally try Inn Kensington, and wasn't disappointed.  Large variety of scrambles and omelettes, 2 biscuits more than enough to satisfy.  Food served within 5 minutes of ordering, crazy quick.  Everything fresh, would return in a heartbeat.  

                I love Inn Kensington. If you want to have something fairly healthy and unique this local spot is where you want to be.  Atmosphere is very mom & pop, so don't expect anything exciting visually, though they do have new art on the walls cycle through each month, which is cool. The dinner menu also changes each month.   My favorite items on the menu are the corn-cilantro pancake dishes; the coconut shrimp; the pouch steamed halibut or salmon with grilled shrimp over carrot & zucchini pappardelle; the challah bread; pot de cream.  

                Incredibly, lightning fast service (to get your food at least). I welcome the limited menu and more than affordable pricing. The place can use a paint job but other than that highly recommended!  

                My husband and I came here for a late breakfast on a Saturday and it is an average place for quintessential American breakfast food. The biscuits were too dry and the Regular Breakfast they offer was decent but not spectacular. Given all that, it isn't worth the price. Decent coffee though. Overall not bad if you come with managed expectations.  

                I had the burger today. After eating at Berkely's many excellent resturant choices I was reminded today what a bad burger can be like. One can only compare it to school-cafeteria fare. The bun was was straight out of a cheap grocery store package, the patty was not jucy, the roasted potatoes were dried and black puny things that I hated. the salad seemed again right out of a box and the dressing had no taste. Miserable experience, will not go there ever again. The only nice thing was the courteous asian lady on the counter (hence the extra star), I hate to say this but they sure dont understand what it takes to make a decent burger. A Burger King Whopper (which I rate low on the scale of burger quality) tastes much better.  

                The food isn't worth the drive up. I can cook better than this. Also, this place is cash only which we did  not know. Thankfully there was a Mechanics Bank next door.  

                Inn Kensington is my go to brunch place. Great place for college students, families and young students. I have been going here 7 years now. The biscuits from this place are to die for. Absolutely delicious. Their home roasted potatoes are delicious mixed in with sour cream. I usually get the bacon avocado omelette here. My friend usually gets the tortilla scramble. And my other friend always gets the waffles. This place is a great staple in my books.   One thing though, my most recent trip made me notice that the omelette and scramble were smaller then normal. I don't know if this was just the time I went there and was an accident or they have actually downsized their meals.  

                Know before you go: this place accepts cash or checks only.  Checks?  Really?  Apparently so.  One star for the fruit bowl, which was fresh and not mushy (a pet peeve of mine) with a nice assortment of ripe fruit including mango, which was a nice touch.  Given that it's served with yogurt and your choice of bread item, it's probably almost worth the $7 it costs.  One star also for the biscuits, which rise high and are pretty delicious.  I'm restrained about adding additional stars, though, for the following reasons: - The bacon my husband was served was limp, dry and cold -- overall, poor quality meat that seemed as if it had been prepared hours earlier and sitting in a hotel pan "staying warm" until he ordered it.  - The jam situation was absolutely disgusting.  Folks, jam is sticky.  As in, stuff sticks to it.  Dust or debris from the air, flies, the occasional bit of spit from an overanimated talker, and (God forbid) nasal sprays from the spare sneeze.  Now, I'm not normally prone to germaphobia, but when I walked in and saw the jam sitting open in a little cup on the table, I thought, "I'm supposed to put THAT on my biscuit?  How do I know the person before me didn't accidentally do something gross to it?  Or that a fly didn't land on it?"  Seems to me that a place that makes such fantastic biscuits would take more pride (or at least more sanitation) in its jam.  After all, jam goes with biscuits like, well, jam and biscuits.  

                Consistently delivers solid, tasty food. I've been for breakfast, lunch and dinner - all good. Bumping it up to 5 stars because the service is fantastic - friendly and fast. We love our local go-to spot!   Also, plenty of healthy options (as well as heartier ones)!  

                Warm, friendly service. Such a charming place. The breakfast is great -- especially the biscuits. :)  

                Super impressed. Good is great, comes fast, great cappuccino, staff super friendly and accommodating.  Cash only.  

                It had been ages since I came here with the family for a meal here.  Now that Walker's Pie Shop is gone, Inn Kensington seems to have filled the bill for a casual, community dinning place for me.  I need to come back here for their breakfasts and brunches.  It has been ages since I have had a breakfast here.  I make a buttermilk biscuit run on the way to classes or running errands solo with my sidekick, Dolce.  My sister friend was in town on business and we had to eat close by as a favor to The Mother, who was under the weather.  The Sister Friend was on the same wave length.  We each had a steak dinner.  It was okay, I think they got our orders mixed up.  I wanted rare and The Sister Friend had medium.  Oh well, the dinners were good.  Will have to try something else the next time there is an opportunity to dine there.    Must make another buttermilk biscuit run real soon.  

                Some friends and I came here this weekend and it was a really charming little place. Excellent service and great food.  A very small menu, but every option sounded wonderful. We were in a large group so everyone ordered something different and we were all able to try each other's dinner. Everything was very tasty. Fresh veggies in everything and all very well prepared. We had a wonderful woman waiting our table. She was very personable and attentive. The restaurant manager came over halfway through our meal and gave us a bottle of wine that had been opened already. He said it wouldn't last overnight so we should please enjoy it on the house. Very nice gesture! To wrap up a great night out, we got our bill. Wow, this place is so inexpensive! If I were ever to find myself in Kensington again, which odds are, I won't because I never go to that part of the Bay Area, I would absolutely be happy to enjoy another meal at this restaurant.  

                1 word. Biscuits.  

                K TOWN INN!   My family used to frequent this place when we lived right down the road.  Yes, breakfast can be... and is, basic.  Like how can you mess up toast right?  Well K town does a great job at making what could be "basic" delicious and consistent.  Bomb wheat toast & flaky soft biscuits that smell like grandma's house.  Fresh squeezed OJ, and a chicken apple sausage breakfast and I'm a happy camper.  :)  

                Great breakfast. The biscuits are pretty good. Omelette was awesome. The restuarant itself was kind of dirty though. The floor was a mess. It's close to where I live so I'll probably go back. I hope they sweep the floor next time!  

                best. restaurant. ever. reasonable prices and amazing food. cash only is kind of weird, but maybe thats why everything is so awesome!  

                Amazingggggg brunch. I got the green onion pancakes, absolutely delicious. Lovely little town for a walk after (since you eat so much, you'll need that). The decor and service is wonderful. Highly recommend!  

                We visited the Inn Kensington for brunch.  The small diner doesn't look like much when you first get there, but don't let that fool you!  The food is absolutely spectacular.  Everything they make contains quality ingredients and is cooked to perfection.  If you order a breakfast meal with a choice of bread, do yourself a favor and order the biscuits.  They are flaky and melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  Just do yourself a favor and come here. Right now. You won't be disappointed.  This level of awesome far surpasses most brunch restaurants in SF.  

