                Oh man, was I hangry the night we made the wise choice to stop by this awesome establishment.  I was in one of those "I'm starving but I don't know what I want to eat but I just need to eat now" types of moods.    Parking can be tricky at peak hours so drive with some caution.  There's parking at the car wash when they are not open, but I'm still really confused as to where you should park there.    The menu is very clear and not overwhelming.  I would recommend getting a milkshake.  The cheeseburger I had was tasty and just the way I wanted it.  The service is welcoming and they are super efficient.  The ketchup isn't my favorite, but I'm from the Midwest and I do love me some Heinz!    Good stop when you just want a good burger, fries, and milkshake.  

                This place is like diamond in the rough. It's hidden next to a auto shop also owned by a man named Jack, so it leads me to believe they're owned by the same owner. There's street parking or you can park in the lot next to the restaurant, I would recommend the lot sirnce there's tons of on coming traffic that'll keep you from exiting your car.   We started off with the Irish nacho fries and a pitcher of their Amber Ale. We asked them to add jalapeños to them since we saw on yelp they had some, but I guess the fries that comes with jalapeños are called Voodoo fries? Not sure, but they still tasted good with the nacho cheese, bacon bits and jalapeños. The portion of the fries were a little smaller than we expected (planning to share between 4 of us) but our burgers came with fries so it worked out in the end. The Amber Ale was exceptional and I would recommend trying that if you decide to go for a beer! For the main course, I ordered the Great with Beer burger which came with mushrooms and fried pickles and a side of sweet potato fries. The combination was pretty wild and it was the first time I've had fried pickles in a burger. Needless to say, it was a good choice! The pickles did have a little too much batter and the patty was medium well, but that was my fault for not asking for medium rare (Next time I'll have to ask for that). The sweet potato fries also came with some dipping sauce that I didn't get a chance to ask what it was, but it really brought out the sweetness of the sweet potatoes! If you're wondering what side to get, you can't get wrong with the sweet potato fries!   One of my co workers went with the garlic fries and they were soooo buttery but really flavorful. Make sure you have the gum ready to pop in your mouth though, because the garlic is strong! My other co worker went with the onion rings and they were perfectly cooked where the onion breaks when you take a bite into it. No need to worry about pulling the whole onion out of the batter and leaving you with a mouthful of onion and hardly any batter (hate when that happens).   Overall, come check this place out! Eat with friends, family or co workers, you won't regret it!  

                I was very happy with my wife's choice to eat at this restaurant. Our attempts to "eat better" were quickly vanquished the second we saw their menu.   This place had a very old school diner feel, and is right on El Camino. They have a decent sized parking lot on the northern side of the restaurant. I believe our wait time on a Sunday evening was ten minutes, and we got a booth, yay.  We were in a bit of a hurry, so we ordered an order of the nacho fries, a Good With Beer, and the Angry Cowboy.   The fries were pretty awesome, although I felt they could have had a little more cheese on them. They also came with a small side of chipotle mayo that I could bathe in.   When our burgers came out we were both very happy with our choices. The Angry Cowboy came with some barbecue sauce, which surprisingly did not taste like something you could buy in a store. A little spice, but good flavor. The burger was cooked perfectly.  I feel as if the true winner of the night was the Good With Beer. It was essentially mushrooms, swiss, and some mayo substance on a burger. Very simple, but it was honestly one of the better burgers I have had. Similarly, cooked medium rare.   Our waitress was super nice, and the bill ended up being $40.  Not too bad for some really awesome food.   We will absolutely be back.  

                Gotta love this place! The ingredients are fresh and the meat is juicy!   Almost all their burgers are good. The fries are golden crispy and addictive! The service is very friendly and attentive.  They usually have a special burger of the month, which gives you the chance to always taste some new stuff.  

                Jack's seems like to be what Johnny Rockets or Red Robin could have been if they didn't become mega chains that spread all over the country.  On the night that I came here, there was a huge line out the door so in the interest of speed, I placed my order to-go and took a seat.  If it's not obvious when going in there, they specialize in burgers and fries.  They also offer turkey and chicken instead of beef and sweet potato fries/onion rings instead of regular fries.  Even the bun can be swapped out too although any swaps do have an upcharge associated with it.  With the add-on options of an extra patty, bacon, a fried egg, and avocado, there's really no way to not have your perfect burger based on their menu of burgers.  They also have shakes and desserts here too along with beer for the people who want some alcohol with their meal.  Their $10 Tuesday dine-in special looks awfully tempting  for a cheeseburger, fries, and soda.  There must be massive crowds that go on that day.  I usually don't go out for a burger anymore since the amount I pay usually doesn't live up to my expectations.  But after eating the Jack's Classic Hamburger, I can definitely say that it met and exceeded my expectations.  

                3.75 stars.  -the first aspect that really stuck out in my mind to leave a review was the AMAZING service my friend and I received. polite, just the right amount of attentiveness, patient, helpful!! ** Came on a Tuesday 1/27 around 7pm - young guy that helped us - thank you!! :)   Burgers: - eh. they're not mindblowing, but they're not horrible. I read in other reviews that they don't cook the burgers medium well. this is true. the patties are not thick enough to cook the meat that way..at least not mine! some other yelp photos may suggest otherwise :P..anyway doesn't mean it's not yummy :) 'tis a burger afterall... ( I was excited when I read on top of their menu that they cook their burgers to that degree..but when I received my burger it was cooked all the way - oh well, didn't mind too much..)   - got the good ol' cheeseburger with cheddar. good amount of cheese. bun was tasty! lettuce/tomato - fresh - thumbs up!  - sweet potato fries - not as crispy as I would like, but a good bite of sweet potato. the ranch like sauce that comes with is heavenly  ** they serve Sir Kensington Ketchup - YAY!  - must try a milkshake next time I am here - they looked delicious passing me by :)  ***Portions are HUGE so I was able to pack up half of basically everything and had an indulgent midnight snack!  

                Today was Mardi Gras and I was craving sweet potato fries and milkshakes. I originally wanted to go to Habit Burger again but was recommended to come to Jack's. I was so glad we made the extra 15 minute drive.  I ordered a Ultimate Bacon which was a burger with cheddar and bacon. It was amazingly delicious with a sweet caramel flavor. If happiness came in burger form, this would be it. Usually, I am more excited for my sweet potato fries and shake but this burger stole the spotlight. The bun was perfectly fluffy, patty was flavorful and moist, the combination was JUST perfect.   We also ordered the Shrimp Po Boy which I believe is a special for Mardi Gras and they don't have it regularly. In the po boy were deep fried battered shrimp. Paired with deep fried pickles, it made for a greasy but satisfying meal.  We shared a Blonde Bombshell shake which is a vanilla shake with strawberry syrup. When it arrived, it looked like blood doused in the glass. It looks a bit off putting but it tasted delicious. So never judge a book by it's cover. They also give you the metal carafe they made the milkshake in at the table, so it's like getting a milkshake and a little extra. The shake wasn't too sweet and I'm looking forward to trying their black and white one. I even heard they had an eggnog seasonal during the holidays.  I will definitely be coming back to Jack's. Habit Burger might be fast and cheap but I wouldn't mind the drive down for a yummier burger.  

                Delicious Mint Chip milk shake and "tasty" burger.  Got the New York, New York, but the pastrami was tough and fatty, not a good topping.  Manager was on it immediately and offered to comp the meal.  I declined, but he took my shake off the bill anyway.  All in all, I'll be back (just won't order too fancy of a burger).  

                Thursdays are $4 pint nights! which was awesome, but our waitress got our bill wrong a couple times after a couple reminders and forgot to mark that it was $4 a pint rather than the $6 it normally is.  I got a turkey burger which was juicy and fresh and made the way that I wanted it to! My boyfriend got the pacific catch with salmon and avocado and really enjoyed his sandwich as well!  Would definitely go back. It's a fun joint!  

                You know, I could have sworn I wrote a review for Jack's Prime months ago.  It wasn't long after I came here for dinner with a few buddies, and I can almost remember describing their burgers in vivid detail.  Then again, maybe my mind is just playing tricks on me.  It wouldn't be the first time, especially if it was just to trick me into coming back.  Not to be confused with Jack's in San Bruno, Jack's Prime's is about one thing, and one thing only - burgers.  Well, burgers, plus fries, shakes, and salads.  Their regular menu offers numerous choices for each, but it's pretty cool how they also rotate in "of the month" items to keep things interesting (like with the Black Forest Burger the first time I was here).  -- BLACK FOREST BURGER - Angus Beef Patty with Black Forest Ham, Smoked Gouda, Pale Ale Mustard, Iceberg Lettuce, and Dill Pickles on an Egg Bun...$11.95 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jacks-prime-burgers-and-shakes-san-mateo-3?select=ke9OZAvMLn_EtUvqdVKl4w#ke9OZAvMLn_EtUvqdVKl4w">yelp.com/biz_photos/jack…</a>) It's a shame this isn't on the regular menu because I'd definitely get it again.  The patty was nicely seasoned, but I loved the gouda and ham.  Not only did they taste great together, but they added a nice, smokey element that really made this stand out.  -- ULTIMATE BACON with Cheddar Cheese, Iceberg Lettuce, Tomatoes, and Appliewood Smoke Bacon with Maple Bacon Mayo and Bacon in the Patty...$12.45 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jacks-prime-burgers-and-shakes-san-mateo-3?select=ke9OZAvMLn_EtUvqdVKl4w#9Pdl2NuzOQ-dbDV1Bu_PIg">yelp.com/biz_photos/jack…</a>) The fried egg (+$1.00) added a fuller flavor, but it wasn't necessary.  Even though it's in just about everything, I liked how the bacon wasn't overwhelming.  The taste was subtle in the mayo and the bacon in the patty both complemented the flavor and kept it juicy.  It may be a bacon lover's delight, but it's also a solid burger all around.  Every burger comes with fries or a salad, but you can make substitutions if your heart/stomach so desires.  Sweet potato fries and onion rings are listed on the menu, but I might suggest the garlic fries if they're available.  I had them the first time I was here and I liked how they had just the right amount of garlicky flavor.  Also, don't forget to check out their selection of milkshakes!  They use Double Rainbow ice cream to make them and the consistency comes out perfectly.  I've had both the coffee milkshake as well as the Blonde Bombshell (Vanilla with strawberry syrup) and both were terrific (sorry, no photos).  If it weren't for the slight inconsistency in how they cook the burgers (we've always ordered "medium" and it never comes out the same), I would have considered rating Jack's Prime higher.  Still, it's a relatively minor quibble for what I would otherwise seem one of the best bets for burgers along the peninsula.  

                Been here 20 times or so over the past few years; great burgers, awesome milkshakes, quick service--really good place for a casual lunch or dinner.  My only complaint would be a lack of parking, as this place gets busy--other than that, solid!  

                - "We use only the finest local ingredients, beers & wines to deliver a Californian take on an American tradition." Completely, 100% true.   - You feel good after a meal. Their burgers aren't heavy & just stuffed w. extra extra extra.. They are satisfying & just the right amount. They truly put love into each burger. Lol. Fries are never cold, sauce is never off, burger is cooked correctly. 100%.  - The staff is always welcoming, polite & helpful. The cooks are on point & fast (but never sloppy)!   - It is my favorite place to eat when I'm in the area. When I was pregnant I drove the 30 minutes for the take out. Do I need to say more? 5 stars!!  

                Came with my friend for lunch. I ordered the Angry Cowboy burger medium rare with Garlic Fries. The burger was a little small but it did hit the spot. The patty was cooked on the medium well side so that was kinda disappointing.   The fries were really good but I don't know why they came out green! Service was friendly and food came out quick. I guess it was a miss the day I went based on all the good reviews :(  

                Classic diner feel with a modern take on your standard burger.   Got some tasty fried pickles for an appetizer, followed by the Wine Country chicken burger. Goat cheese and balsamic-infused onions might just be my new favorite burger toppings.  Parking is a bit of a mess, but if you manage to find a spot on the street nearby you'll avoid the shared lot with the automotive shop next door.  

                If you want to get away from a big chain burger joint and find yourself along the Peninsula ( Hillsdale Mall, San Mateo Fairgrounds, etc) this spot along El Camino is great.    It has a nice retro feel and my kids welcomed the various options from sliders to French sour dough blue cheese burgers.  There is a big community table in the middle which is great for a group of about 12 if you want to bring a team if kids otherwise on whole side if the restaurant has booths that hold about six people.  There can be a wait at lunch and their lot holds about 20 cars max.   The restaurant is about 500 yards south of the Hillsdale Mall on the East side of El Camino.  Service is quick, bathrooms are clean and there is outdoor seating  

                Ordered Asian salmon salad with cabbage and Chinese glass noodles.  My salad came and the salmon was dry and overcooked and there were no glass noodles in the dish. Sent dish back to kitchen and they tell me they are out of the noodles....so your going to send out a dish without one of the ingredients and serve it to your customers and hope they don't notice?  UNACCEPTABLE!   You need to tell your wait staff what changes there are to your menu ahead of time so they can give customers a heads up.  The person in charge of the back of the house needs to step up to the plate and make sure the food being served is of the highest caliber, and accurate of what the menu description says.  Customer service of the issue was great.  The waiter and manager came over to apologize and took my order for something else that came to the table quickly so that I could eat with the rest of my family.  

                Jacks Prime makes good shakes.  My all time favorite are coffee blast and chocolate shakes.  I usually order sweet potato fries and a shake omg..it's heavenly. its best not to order shake for take out because you get much much less.  The service was good and so is the parking they have their own little parking lot.  

                After reading tons of amazing reviews and seeing this place packed consistently even on a weeknight, I decided to give it a try.  The best thing I had was the black & white shake. I would go back just to get one. I love spicy food so I ordered the 'angry phoenix from the flames' burger 'with fire' and a salad. The salad was a pretty measly portion and tasted pretty bland, not fresh at all. The burger was decent. It was juicy but not as flavorful or spicy as I was expecting. It could have used more fire sauce and more chipotle mayo. The bun was also a little lackluster. I'm not sure if all the rave reviews set my expectations too high or it just wasn't all that amazing.  

                I really wanted to like this place because if the concept they offer. The retro diner feel and the friendly staffs. Unfortunately, the food was not good for the price. I got the flaming Phoenix upgraded with sweet potatoe fries. The Phoenix was not spicy at all. It was bland and greasy. The sweet potatoes reminded me if the frozen package that you can find in any grocery stores. They're not fresh. The boyfriend had the Good auth Beer burger; it had fried pickles, which made the buns extra greasy. And the sauteed mushrooms made the bottom bun soggy. The garlic fries... Frozen fries smothered with garlic unevenly; only one side had garlic.   I wouldn't mind returning if they made improvements to reflect the price that we paid for it.  

                First time here! Friend of mine recommended this burger place to me said it was the best! She was right! Waitress Monique gave wonderful service. I tried their sample of fried pickles which were delish. First time ever having fried pickles so kudos on that. Can't remember the burger I ordered but it had mushrooms, onions, goat cheese, fresh greens, tomato on it and all I can say is that I will be coming back just for this burger since it has all my favorite elements in it. Also had a mint chocolate malt which brought me back to childhood memories. SUPER GOOD!! I will def be trying other burgers on the menu as recommended by Monique. She's a doll. Great food good vibes from the staff so I will be back.  

                Two words: fried pickles.  A friend suggested this place because he lives in the area and has been going there for some time, and as soon as I saw fried pickles on the menu I was sold!  I'd been craving grilled cheese; which was also on the menu so it was win-win for me. The grilled cheese is on the kid's menu, but if you're over the age of 12 there is an additional $2 charge (acceptable in my opinion)  Must go back for the friend pickles. The sandwich was good, but really, who ruins grilled cheese, right? I am a fan.  

                Just to address the feedback - my point was more that the burger CANNOT be cooked medium rare. Its less than .5 inch thick which means that you don't really get a 'meaty' burger. However, one may not want that - it just kind of less interesting to me.   My friend had a salad there and it was really good - and again, the staff was excellent, super competent, friendly, etc.  

                Shakes - 3 stars, Palo Alto Creamery is better :)  Burger -  4 stars, Pretty good comparing to other burger places in Peninsula area Service - 5 stars, servers are very attentive and down to earth  This place is perfect for kids and groups  

                Came here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised.   Jack's Prime Burgers and Shakes is a family friendly diner that seems to participate heavily in the community (colored Easter sheets by kids and pictures of local little league teams).   Our waitress was super nice and helpful. We ordered:   Blueberry shake with Oreos - about $6 but it came in two glasses!   Angry Cowboy   The Texan from the special menu   All the food was delicious and came with either fries or salad.   Will definitely come here again.  

                Not so great for paleo.   We still come here at least once-twice a month although we're both on the #paleo diet. I started with a lettuce wrap burger but got bored with the taste pretty quickly so I moved to bunless and lettucless which confused them the first couple times I've ordered it. The good thing about ordering it this way though is that you get to taste what the burger and fixin's taste like without that delicious bun which is ooohh so delicious. It's still pretty good. What makes this my perfered method of burger demolition is that you don't have the bread falsely filling you up and laying in your stomach for an entire day.  At least they have salads and sweet potato fries. Well in my experience 1 burger and a side salad doesn't fill me up any more so I need to get the sweet potato fries. That's all good but within the last month or so I found out that their frying oil is SOY. A terrible oil for paleo but no restaurant is gonna shell out $$$ for coconut or a nut oil.   Id really love it if they added some additional paleo friendly things like baked potatoes or baked fries with an olive oil and maybe a 2 burger plate for a reasonable deal. 5$ for a second burger just seems like a bit much on top of a 12$ plate .  

                Great burgers on the run & I luv the shakes.  

                Hands down the best burger in the peninsula. I've been to a couple burger places in the peninsula and nothing compares to this place. Jack's prime has the most juiciest burgers. I've been here a good amount of times that I can say what I just did.   My favorite is the Wine Country Burger wIth sauteed mushrooms, carmelized onion and goat cheese, everything about this burger screams yummy.   My only complaint about this place is that services is lacking sometimes, it's either hit or miss. Services also tends to be slow, so expect a bit of a wait for your burger, but it's very much worth it.  

                My oh my, this might be the best burger in town out of the few I've tried!  I had the Great With Beer burger; it was delicious and induced instant food coma!!  It was topped with all the things I love (fried pickles and grilled mushrooms). The beef patty itself was awesome, too; fresh and juicy, the buns held up nicely even with all the ingredients.  I substituted the fries with Irish nacho fries (bacon+cheese toppings) for an additional $2.50...oink, oink!  No guilt; so worth it!  #whatdiet  On another occasion, I had their Whiskey Town Express burger with a side of fried pickles. The burger was good - had a touch of sweetness from the bourbon glaze - though not as excellent as the Great With Beer burger.  Fried pickles were heavenly.  Their burger prices range from $10-$15; pricey imo but definitely high quality.  And oh,  their milkshakes are awesome too!  I'm a HUGE fan :)  

                Jack's Yelp rating is richly deserved !!!   We got the original burger, Angry cowboy, normal and garlic fries  and a chocolate and coconut (they have monthly shakes!).  The servicing staff were fast, friendly and awesome in general. We got a 2 person booth which still had loads of space. The place was clean, efficient and not noisy even given the visible kitchen not far away.  The burgers were out in under 10 min hot as well as they delicious garlic fries (no vampires around for at least a week).  Will be back again - Highly recommended !!!  

                Super juicy burgers. I had the Angry Cowboy with the BBQ sauce on the side.  IT was delicious! The sweet potato fries are cooked just right, not overly crispy and not soggy.  A friend of mine ordered the fried pickles which I really liked.  The batter was slightly sweet, which complimented the slight sourness of the pickles (not overly sour).  Her fried pickles complimented the BBQ sauce and slight spice of the Angry Cowboy, since it has Jalapenos. Highly recommend this combo.  I think I will be coming back to explore more of the menu!  

                I came on a Tuesday evening with my friend and we got seated immediately. There's a small parking lot next to it but I didn't have any trouble getting parking.   We both ordered their Tuesday evening special, which is $10 for a cheeseburger, fries, and a soft drink. Instead of the soft drink, I upgraded for $2 to get a milkshake! I got the seasonal pumpkin milkshake. The milkshake was REALLY good...I had been craving milkshakes for a while and my craving was satisfied!  Their cheeseburger was okay; a pretty standard burger. I enjoyed eating the fries more than the burger. Their ketchup tastes really tomato-ey which I enjoyed a lot.  

                Had the WINE COUNTRY (goat cheese burger) but replaced the beef patty with turkey. Normally I don't think turkey burgers have much flavor, but the goat cheese made it so good. I don't think it's the best burger I've had, but it's above average.   JACK'S CLASSIC: my husband said In and Out is better (and cheaper). I didn't taste his burger but the patty looked thin for a $10 burger. I guess he's right, although In and Out doesn't turkey burgers.   The wait was very short and parking was free and easy.  

                Great service and really friendly staff! Restaurant is open and airy and food was great!  

                It was A-OK, I know lots of folks love this place and rave about it, for me it was a good burger, though not the best in the area, and prices were silly considering what you get. My coworker was under-impressed. That's not to say they are bad, really, they just need to keep up with some other places nearby (e.g., Godfathers, The Grill House) that are quite a bit better. A fresh coat of paint and friendlier service would do wonders for this place.  

                the angry cowboy is the bomb!!! dont forget to ask for the bbq sauce on the side and get the garlic fries its really garlicky!!! best burger in bay 2nd is the jeffreys in san mateo!!  

                This place is very appropriately named. These burgers are prime. I've only been here once, but they had the perfect burger beer combo of a mushroom burger and Trumer pils. Wife loved it too, in fact even my very picky son dug in.  

                Drooooooooooollll.   The burgers are made just the way they should be- juicy, flavorful, and messy!  My mouth is literally watering thinking about them. Depending on my mood, I stick with a classic cheeseburger or the Phoenix Flame when i'm craving something spicy.   The sweet potato fries are a must-have! They come with a dipping sauce that is one of the best I've had.  Burgers down. Fries down. What's missing? THE MILKSHAKE OF COURSE. I always go for the classic vanilla and it never disappoints.   There you have it folks, a perfect trifecta. Deserves 5 stars.  

                Love, love, love this place! The food taste fresh and good. The black bean burger is delicious. I just wish they had locations in San Jose. Other than that, this is my favorite place. :)  

                Been coming here with colleagues from work for the past year or so. Love the place - food is awesome and very friendly service as well. Brought my family over for the first time last weekend - kids just loved the burgers and shakes. I normally get one of the chicken or veggie burgers - always comes out juicy and fresh! Tried the salmon burger for the first time - equally awesome!   The only downside I can think of is the very few parking spots they have. We normally try to get there before the lunch rush hour because of that.  

                I'm a burger junkie. I pretty much would travel just about anywhere to find a really good burger. With that said, I traveled to the wonderful world of San Mateo!  Jacks Prime was my choice of destination for a burger. The interior of the restaurant is really nice. It has a really nice Diner feel about it. The staff is friendly, and were polite and helpful. For the burger. I ordered the big jack. A double patty cheeseburger. I always have my burgers medium rare. Mmm juicy! Well my burger was more on the medium side than medium rare. But still very juicy! The burger patties tasted very good. A juicy beef patty makes a happy me.  The bun was pretty dry. It wasn't moist and fluffy. When you bite into the burger you taste a lot of bread. It was ok though. The fries, were ok. Tasted like frozen fries. Not the best. Five guy burger fries hands down way better! Mmmm . Jacks fries don't make me wanting more lets put it that way.. The shakes are pretty good. I had a black n white shake which was delish.  Would I come back to jacks? Yes I would. The burgers are good, and the food is not bad. I like the place.  

