                Holy cow - I've lived here since 1979 and just tried this gem today. Amazing is all I can say. I had Joes special - it was cooked perfectly and was the right mix of protein & veggies.  The coffee was so good I needed to know what it was - apparently they use Taylor Maid. Next stop at the store to buy some. And the mimosa was perfect.  This is my new favorite breakfast spot in Sonoma County!!  

                I had the corned beef hash breakfast.  Daughter had cheese blintzes, eggs and bacon.  We sat outside on the small patio, which was quite pleasant.    I love corned beef hash, but the variation served here was not to my liking.  The potatoes were cubed and ever so slightly undercooked.  The corned beef was also cubed, but cooked perfectly.  It was good, not great; but that's colored by my personal preferences.  The biscuit was delicious and the eggs cooked perfectly to order.   The blintzes on the other hand were divine!  Filled with a gorgeous lemon curd, this dish is a borderline dessert.  Who says you can't have dessert first?    The coffee was excellent.  Servers were very friendly, but laid back.  With 2 coffees, the tab was around $40 plus tax and tip.  Not the cheapest breakfast place, but worth the visit.  

                We had a random craving for huevos rancheros and chilaquiles, which is how we decided on Jeffrey's Hillside Cafe.  It was a little hard to find because it's tucked away inside a motel, but once we pulled up, there was a huge crowd outside.  The wait for 2 was about 25 min on a Sunday morning.  I started with a soy latte, which came in a nice giant mug, but it was a bit too much milk for me.  For food, we ended up getting scrambles instead of the original planned dishes.  I had the Joe's Special, which was scrambled eggs (egg whites for me) with spinach, shiitake mushrooms, tomatoes, green onions, asiago cheese, and ground beef.  I'm not sure about the ground beef, but the rest of it was really good, especially the shiitake (I've never had shiitakes in an omelette before).  I had it with hash browns and a biscuit.  Hash browns were nice and crisped, and the biscuit was super buttery and flaky, really good warm.  We also had a Tex Mex Scramble, which was kind of similar to the other scramble but this one had chorizo, pepper jack, green chiles, tomatoes, and jalapeños.  Some of the bites with jalapeno were pretty spicy.  It was topped with avocado and sour cream. It came with tortillas since they traditionally go better with these ingredients, but I still the the biscuit was the best "bread" option.  Service was quick and friendly, portions were big, and we left stuffed.  

                Take your vegetarian ma or ex boyfriend's finicky grandmother. Sit at the counter or outside there is no blame. Linen napkins, clean and tidy with a friendly staff. Jeffrey's is sure to please.  My mom and shared the sticky bun pecan French toast with fruit salad (don't embarrass yourself, you don't need syrup dummy) and  2 egg breakfast. Their country potatoes and biscuit really give them their edge.  

                Came here yesterday for lunch and I loveeeed the turkey sandwich. So simple but so yummy! My only thing was the sweet potato fries could be better if they were baked, not fried but other than that I have only good things to say about this place!  

                The service here is spectacular - the staff is so friendly. The food is as good as I remembered! The seasonal vegetable hash makes for a perfect lunch. The vegetables are so fresh, and the combination of flavors and colors is just beautiful. Thankfully, the dish isn't too salty either. There's something for everyone; my friend is lactose intolerant and found the food very accommodating for her dietary restrictions. Highly recommend!  

                I happened to be driving by Jeffrey's Hillside Cafe during lunchtime, so I stopped by for just the second time.  Since I was alone, I was seated at the smallest table, which makes sense, but it was in a dark corner.  I ordered the chicken fried steak, which comes with eggs, country potatoes, country gravy, and toast.  I ordered the eggs over easy, toast was wheat, and replaced the country potatoes with the hashbrowns, with the suggestion of the server and my preference.  All of the food came on one huge plate, which I kinda liked, instead of a couple plates, like at many restaurants.  The steak with gravy was delicious, but it was a little too small.  The eggs were good.  The hashbrowns were fine, but not as crispy as I think they should be.  Toast was fine, too.  The total was $12.50, a little more than I think is fair based on the small serving of meat.  Good overall.  

                The OK: The place was very out of the way for us. Went with one of my faves for brunch to be followed by shopping, and asked Yelp! what was close to Rohnert Park. Jeffrey's popped up with 4/5 stars, so we decide to meet there.  Note: the restaurant seems like it's an extension of an assisted living residence. They are all around; it's like an assisted-living community/neighborhood. And the entire clientele looked like they had wandered over from their rooms. When two black girls in tiny tank tops walked in (it was HOT that day!), I felt like every pair of eyes in the room was on us. Not in a malicious way; just in a, whoa, under the age of 75 and skin darker than caramel, look. Then everyone resumed their food.   Which brings me to (the GOOD) food: GREAT! The food was great. Solid. Full of flavor. Needed a touch of black pepper. I got something spelled sort of quinichitas, which was AMAAAAZING. So yummy, and the salsa verde was totally appreciated. You don't usually find that at a breakfast spot, and it added the perfect amount of heat to the dish. Eggs, potatoes, sour cream, cheese topped off this delicious meal, with a side of black beans. My fav got the eggs benedict, which she devoured. Yum.   The check came right away. I don't think we got asked how our meal was, and we certainly hadn't asked for the check yet, but there it was, which I like. I hate waiting around for the check to come once I'm done with a meal. We paid and got out. Perfect. I won't go back; too far out of the way, but I'd definitely recommend this place as a place to get a great meal if you're already in the area, probably visiting Grandma.  

                One of the best breakfasts I've had in Santa Rosa. It is up there with the best of them and there are only a couple good ones. Can't say how much I enjoyed the food. Really good. Definitely going back. Would recommend to anyone looking for a good breakfast.  

                New favorite place for breakfast in town!  Can't beat the chicken fried steak and eggs.  

                Looking for a quality place that still serves breakfast at noon on a friday proved to be difficult.  This place lured us in claiming to serve breakfast/brunch till 2 p.m. however, this was not the case. We decided to stay here and eat and it ended up being a good choice. I went with the Veggie sandwich w/ ricotta cheese on a warm focaccia roll. The bread was extremely fresh and perfectly toasted. The sandwich came w/ a tossed salad and a house vinaigrette. For dessert we went with the Banana bread pudding w/ vanilla ice cream. The dessert was delicious!! The service was decent.  

                Really enjoyed the breakfast dishes, plus the service was excellent and friendly. Portions are large and should satisfy any appetite. I had the eggs Benedict but asked for salmon instead of ham - it wasn't a problem and they created a perfect salmon Benedict for me.  Other dish was the duck hash. Very nice flavors complemented by the pear. I'd come back!  

                When we first arrived, I had my doubts because it looks like a typcial diner with basic fare. Much to my surprise, our breakfast was quite good and healthy. We both ordered healthy options (Veggie Hash and Tofu Scramble). I would return here for breakfast. Very tasty!  Cons: I asked whether or not they had fresh squeezed OJ. They said it was not freshly squeezed but it was "fresh squeezed" from Odwalla. It was definately not any version of fresh squeezed. It was OJ from concentrate and it was terrible. Other negative was that the cappuchino was not done well.  

                get here early because after 9:00am there is always a wait...but even if you get there after its still worth waiting. I love their hash browns! chicken fried steak is a great hangover cure but honestly every time we go we always enjoy our meals.  

                We arrived this morning at 11AM, and saw a small line had formed at the door.  We spoke to the hostess and she said that it would be 20 minutes.  Since we've been here many times, we know it's worth the wait and we do.  8-9 minutes later, we're in.  One of the things I've always loved about this place is the under promise over deliver philosophy of the owners.  The chef/owner has been a 5 star chef in the past and worked among others John Ash, when John Ash was there.  He's a five star chef and there's absolutely no pretense here.  Today we opted for Tex Mex Scramble and Duck Hash with homemade biscuit.  The biscuit is hearty and fluffy.  Not flakey like you might expect.  It's delicious with the butter it comes with and the honey.    The duck hash had a generous amount of duck mixed in with potato, onions, spices, and pear which was a nice touch.  The eggs over medium were delightful when mixed in with the hash.    Coffee is Taylor Maid Farms.  The service is easily 5 stars, as is the food.  We were never waiting for coffee.  By accident we were asked twice for our drink order.  If you're ever annoyed by that, just remember how annoying it is to be ignored.    The place was packed, but the noise level was below average for a diner.  The kitchen cranked out our order in about 15 minutes.  Impressive, considering every seat was taken and the turnover was constantly occurring.  I never felt rushed.    We even had time for a short chit chat with the co-owner Jeffrey's wife.  The perfect picture of grace under pressure.  They were slaaaaaammed and she never let it show.  It's great to re-review a spot I liked from the beginning in 2010 and see that they've really mastered their style and they've still got it.  Attentive service, really clean dining room, excellent food, fantastic prices.    Open breakfast brunch and lunch.  I've had them all, and they're A+ all the way.  

                Visiting the area, we had breakfast here on the first day, the second day we went to Piners  & I liked both, hill side has outside seating which I like  I had the Corn duck hash which was excellent, the second day I had the Jeffrey's favorite which was excellent They have excellent gravy also...  

                In Santa Rosa we have the three (as far as I know). There's Dierk's Parkside, Hank's Creekside, and this is Jeffery's Hillside. I have no idea if there's any relations between the restaurants, but now that I've eaten at all three, I can say Jeffery's is comparable to the first two.   Delicious Taylor Maid coffee was served frequently. Service was totally on point. The dining area is super cozy, I didn't see the patio at first but next time I'd sit outside.  All the breakfast classics are represented, pancakes (my boyfriend got an order of the banana variety), huevos rancheros, egg benedicts, omlettes and scrambles.   My friend and I got the chilaquiles, which is served with a homemade verde sauce, and eggs your style on top. It was served with black beans on the side. We both agreed that the beans were just a bit hard or crunchy--as if they hadn't been cooked quite long enough. We liked the flavors but didn't think they were necessarily outstanding. The bf enjoyed applewood smoked bacon with his pancakes. OH! And they had gluten-free toast! Points for having it, but it just didn't taste good, almost a freezerburn taste. It also wasn't thoroughly toasted (GF bread takes a bit longer to toast in my experience). Too bad.   I'll probably give Jeffery's another go at some point, but will try a different dish...!  

                I love this little restaurant.  Always delicious.  They only serve breakfast and lunch.  Charming room, staff is always friendly and attentive.  Prices seem decent to me for freshly prepared meals.  And they don't skimp on the portions either.  They normally have 4 or 5 different specials each time we are there.  Jeffrey's has become one of my favorite "go to" spots in east Santa Rosa.  

                Great place for a Sunday breakfast... but be prepared to wait! (AKA don't go hungover)  Their biscuits and gravy are really unique and delicious. They also always have really fresh dishes that include local ingredients. Any kind of scramble is amazing there! However, their prices are a little steeper than many breakfast places in the area, so just be aware it's not exactly as affordable as any old diner breakfast. I think it's definitely worth it though!  

                Jeffrey's Hillside puts out some fantastic looking food. We came on mothers day to settle our stomachs from our wine indulging the day before, came early as they don't take reservations and the restaurant is fairly small, they also have a small patio seating area to accompany guests too.  We ordered the duck hash and joes special, we weren't huge fans on the food and wish we would have stuck with the simpler, more tried and true items on the menu. Service is good and very pleasant to deal with, we would've been much happier with a simple omelette or biscuits&gravy, the biscuits are delicious ! The portions are hefty, but our recommendation would be to keep it simple!  

                Love this place!  Like others have said...  best to get here between rush hours. Food is always good. This time I had the breakfast burrito....  wayyyyyy too big for me...  but it was delicious!  

                Let me preface this review by saying that it takes A LOT for me to give a spot 2 stars, but in this case I believe it was deserved based on my own personal experience. Take it as you will.   So incredibly unimpressed with this place. My husband and I ventured out for our favorite Sunday brunch. Unfortunately, we decided to try a new spot in town and Jeffrey's seemed like a reasonable spot to check out.   We left feeling completely let down by this place. First, I'll start by saying that the service was great. We did have a 25 minute wait, but given the 4 stars on Yelp, we figured it would most likely be worth it. Ugh. We were wrong. The hot chocolate left MUCH to be desired. It had a rather bitter taste and wasn't very chcolatey. They did however coat it in a healthy dose of whipped cream so that slightly made up for it's lack of...whatever.   I ordered the sticky bun French toast and husband ordered the huevos rancheros. I WANTED to try the tex mex scramble, but was convinced we both shouldn't get something "Mexican"...lo and behold the food came out looking fantastic. I took one bite of my French toast and immediately regretted being swayed so easily from my original choice. It was SOGGY. Not just a little bit, I mean the whole thing was like soaking wet toast in my mouth. GROSS. Husband's rancheros were yummy and thankfully he opted to swap with me given my gagtastic reflexes to the French toast. He's awesome that way. He ended up scraping off the entire top layer (whatever it was) and managed to get down a majority of the plate. We enjoyed the rancheros, but weren't impressed. They seemed to be lacking a certain...something. You really needed each bite to have some of the pico de gallo in it to give it that extra flavor.   All in all...NOT HAPPY we spent 25 minutes waiting to be seated and 10 more minutes waiting for food that we really didn't like much at all. Sad...but I guess we'll just stick to our standard spot from now on.  

                I will heartily admit I'm not a very good breakfast person.  I don't care for eggs, bacon or sausage; this makes for a cranky person some weekend mornings when I'm relegated to ordering off the "Sides" menu at the many mediocre/poor breakfast places in Santa Rosa.  However my wife enjoys all breakfast foods and loves Jeffries.  Me... not so much.  The restaurant is small - nothing inherently wrong with that - but the fatal flaw is that I have zero interest in waiting for anything that exceeds 10 minutes for breakfast.  The wait times can easily be a half hour or more depending on the hour and day.  And I could write an essay on the cute but vapid blink-blink-(5 second pause)-huh... wah?  hostess.  The food.  On the whole the food is significantly better than most places in Santa Rosa.  A standout for my breakfast taste is the Veggie Hash, no egg.  Wife gives two thumbs up to the Benedict.  I've seen a few reviews mentioning large portions but I'm not familiar with that experience.  Smaller portion sizes than a standard breakfast place but higher quality and price.  I've left hungry a few times due to the portion sizes or the fact I'm a breakfast vegetarian.  Food gets 4 stars; but bring a pre-breakfast snack to eat while you wait outside in the cold.  Jeffries - your location is kinda cool being that it's carved into a sorta retro motel but it's not cool enough to excuse the wait.  I gots people to see and naps to take.  

                Tofu scramble and huevos rancheros is what we had on our week stay in the san fran/santa rosa area for our 20th anniversary!  yelp once again led us to a great find.  there was a wait but we were lucky to get in and sat at the bar within 15 minutes on a sunday morning.  YUMMY all the way around and great service, good coffee and a nice bloody mary made with sake!  try it you won't be disappointed....  

                I love this place!! Great food and service :)  

                So hard writing a 1 star review on a place so beloved, and I wouldn't be writing this if the server wasn't so rude.  So Jeffrey, you may want to have a little chat with Robyn. Ordered the Joe's special.  Ate some of my toast & hash browns....Robyn did check back & we said we were fine ( hadn't tried the Joe's yet).  The Joe's was over seasoned with cumin, and while I like cumin, it was major over kill, plus the whole Joe's was dry with so little cheese...it was blech.  So I did send it back, 2 bites out of the eggs.  My plate was quite full of food.  We get the bill and she deducts 50%...well, since I ate maybe 15% of my food, I questioned that...Robyn basically blamed me for not having spoken up when she checked back.  The toast & hash browns were fine, hadn't touched the eggs yet.  So I said it was fine.  She argued with me about it ( you know, like a server should do) was rude and snotty and deducted the meal.  A lousy $6.25 half price and Robyn earns her boss, a small business owner, a 1 star Yelp. Robyn, I wrote this because of you, not the eggs.  You're a bad egg.  

                This is the first 5 star review I've given in a loooong time but Jeffery's deserves it! Not only is the quality of the food outstanding and the taste uniquely delicious, but the service was very nice and the location was quaint and had an unpretentious air about it. I had the country fried steak and eggs with one of their homemade biscuits. The steak was tender with a delicious crispy breading on the outside and the gravy was seriously the most flavorful I've ever had. The biscuits were fluffy and had that homemade country taste. Eggs were perfectly cooked to order. I will definitely be back and bring friends!  

                I almost feel a little guilty for 4 stars instead of 5 because the food was that good! However, I have to drop the one star because after arriving there yesterday, I was told there would be a 30 minute wait- which is fine, and completely expected on a Saturday afternoon. However, I asked if while I was waiting on the benches out front if I might have a cup of coffee and a ice water. I was told that drink outside were against policy. This was said while outside diners were drinking and eating happily about 3 feet from us.  So, on to the food! Eggs Benedict, the Corned Duck Hash, Tex Mex Scramble and Cheese Blintzes.  The Benedict was lovely, with perfectly poached eggs and a rich, buttery sauce. The ham was thick, but tender, with crispy edges. Divine.  The Corned Duck hash and Tex Mex were both delicious and the servings were huge! Fresh herbs throughout- both were unique and delicious!  The lemon curd in the Blintzes was just perfect. So, so good!  Fresh fruit with a berry syrup...we ordered a plate to share between the 3 of us and it was perfect!  

                Salad was huge and delish. Husband was satisfied. Clean. Yummy. We will be regulars. Would eat outside next time.  

                Delicious breakfast. Had the Joe Scramble and loved it. Good service and nice atmosphere. Comparable to Dierk's Parkside.  

                Not too shabby at all. For a motel diner this place is biscuits were nice and fluffy and the gravy was tasty. My latte was beautiful, delicious, and in a big bowl cup. Just like I like it. My kids pancakes were pretty good as well. Would love if it was more organic free range style. That would earn the extra star.  

                I love looking at Yelp for new places to try when we are out of town. That's how I came across this place! The staff was very friendly, the food is delicious and even on a Sunday morning the wait wasn't too bad. The home made biscuits and gravy are deeeelicious! I'll definitely be back!  

                Service was quick, the dinning area was clean, and the staff friendly.  Most importantly, the food was delicious. I had an omelet, my father had the huevos rancheros.   Highly recommended!  

                Came here for breakfast on a Monday morning and was not disappointed! The staff was extremely friendly and welcoming! I got the Tex-Mex scramble and it was delicious. The chorizo in it had just enough spice and the veggies tasted fresh. The country potatoes that came with the dish were great. Loved the coffee, and my friend got a mocha that was huge and equally yummy! It's a small place and it got crowded as we were leaving. Definitely a spot to try!  

                Fabulous food, so fresh and creative! Great staff!! My only wish would be that is wasn't so busy on Sundays:)  

                Have to agree with RyJae K on this one, I didn't get it either. The staff was super friendly and the food came quickly. I ordered the corn beef hash and eggs, while the presentation was nice I found it to be on the tasteless side and a bit oily. My wife ordered the eggs Benedict, it was good, but neither dish was worth a 4 or 5 star.  

                The service is consistently on top of their game, food is always delectable, everything tastes fresh and well made, I am a big fan of Jeffrey's Hillside Cafe.   The owner's story is inspiring, makes me dream of my own :)  

                Just waited for 30 minutes! They called our name and gave the table to another couple, the hostess apologized and told us we would be next. However, the same hostess called two more couples that had arrived after we did-right in front of us. That was completely disrespectful and showed poor service. We're now sitting at Spinster Sisters where they act respectfully and professionally.  

                This place is breakfast HEAVEN!  They have the best gravy, the best hashes, the best french toast. The hardest thing is to decide what to get! I've never ordered it, but I've had bites of the chicken fried steak and it is just absolutely delicious! Super rich, of course, but who would expect otherwise?  So, in no particular order, here are the best things they have at breakfast (in my opinion:) chicken fried steak, french toast (unlike any you've had,) chilaquiles, and biscuits and gravy. My little person likes the pancakes- not that I'd call him an aficionado, but they are pretty good.  Lunch: the tuna melt and the special salad (Dora's? Diane's?) my favorites.  Great service. Clean place. Good, good, good- all around.  

                Amaaaaaazing! The best quality and priced brunch I've had yet in Sonoma County, and we've been living here almost two years! The crepes were amazing! I usually don't like much lemon flavoring, but it was perfect for this meal! It was about $9 and you didn't get that much food, so I also got two eggs scrambled on the side (the crepes are super worth their price). My husband got eggs Benedict and fell in love. You could see him entering a dream world on the first bite. He said these were the first real hash browns he'd felt he had since we moved here.   Love this has a real family feel and that the owner is busting her butt as much as everyone else. The staff was super friendly and cute girls. The one with the dyed burgundy/red hair was super cute, supporting and compliment in her work peers. A definite stop if you can!  

