                Exellelent trip tip sandwich. The owner Is friendly. And it's a antioch secret. The place doesn't really have a place to sit.  

                What a gem! Ordered the hot pastrami on sweet roll. The pastrami is fresh cut and the sweet roll comes from a bakery in Richmond. It is loaded with meat, pickles, red onion, pepperoncini and a delicious smoked white cheddar. It is a bounty of deliciousness and a steal at $5.99.  

                This place is amazing sandwiches are awesome try the hot pastrami  I will be back soon!!!  

                The Yelpers have nailed it here, excellent sando for a great price, do yourself a favor and stop by for one you won't be disappointed.   I had a roast beef and salami with provolone. They cut the meat fresh and put it on a extremely fresh roll.   Not the nicest part of town but who cares the food is worth it!  

                This place is truly a hidden gem! Freshly sliced quality deli meats packed into fresh bread. The guy behind the counter is super nice and there's a great selection of stuff to go with your sandwich. It is always fresh since he slices it as he goes. Definitely worth a trip if you're in the neighborhood. It's in the middle of a residential area so do not think you're lost if all you see are little houses going by. A great value for the price. I come here often when I'm hungry and I want a great deli sandwich.  

                Sure it's a little grimy, but the employees are nice and the sandwiches are great. Good prices, selection, and bread. I always end up getting the tri tip or turkey. Both delicious!  It would be 5 stars if it were a bit tidier and I felt a little safer going there.  

                First time here today. The hot pastrami was awesome! Can't wait to try the tri tip sandwich in the future.  

                This place is the best stop for sandwiches.  Johnny's market ran by Paul offers a wide selection of sandwich choices. Everyday Paul BBQs Tri-tip and Chicken for his fresh sandwiches. My favorite sandwich is the turkey and hog head with pepper jack cheese. The beer and soft drinks are always the coldest. I dare you to find a colder 12 pack of bud light anywhere. If your looking for a cold beer or a big fat sandwich Johnny's market is your best bet in Antioch.  

                One of the best delis I have been too!!!! Had a hot pastrami and it was amazing highly recommended!  

                Awesome place for deli sandwiches had there roast beef other day and it was delicious they put horseradish sauce on it was great today I got a hot pastrami with Swiss cheese dude sliced the meat in front of me freaking awesome.  Definitely coming back!  Thanks pauly!  

                Thanks yelpers!  I would've never come here otherwise.  A diamond in the rough literally.      They cut their meat fresh on the deli slicer when making your sandwich.  Tri tip sandwich is awesome!  Lot of meat on a fresh 8" sourdough roll.  Chicken salad sandwich is good.  The turkey is real, not that sodium laced chain garbage.  The hot pastrami had a ton of meat and crunch from the other toppings, great flavor and is my favorite one so far.    Not much seating and ambiance but if you pick up your grub it's a non issue.  You can also play keno while sitting at the one big table there and watch the TV.  

                Surprisingly good tri tip sandwich, for a fair price. Friendly staff and clean prep area. The area is a bit scary, but I guess you can't have it all. We like supporting local shops, so this was a nice find.  

                Sandwiches are delish! Definitely come in for one! The owner and workers are super nice. Save yourself from going to Bonfare since Johnny's is right around the corner..  

                5.99 for a huge ass tri-tip sandwich? Yes please! Pretty damn good place for sandwiches, employees (owners?) seem nice, and good selection of drinks/snacks for sides. This place is cute in that old town sort of way- reminds me of my childhood.  

                Great sandwiches! Definitely recommended  

                If you haven't tried Johnny's yet, get in your car and drive downtown to 9th and H Street, across from the old snow-white drive inn.  This was my second time there, the deli sandwiches are absolutely the best!.  

                Went by here today, there were more people buying sandwiches than you would find at Subway or Quiznos, That's because the food is that much better .   Had a barbecue tri-tip roast beef sandwich $5.75 with tax  probably the best BBQ around  

                Great Deli Sanwhiches!  The hot pastrami is my fav  

                Holy Crap, I went there today for a pastrami sandwhich... Beats any other place in antioch as far as sandwiches go. Hot pastrami with mustard and all the fixins for a good price. Also, this place is very very clean. Went there with my friend who is a clean freak when it comes to food. Everyone from cops to the business folk to average everyday people come here. Johnnys know meats for sure.  

                Meat Lovers Dream! No skimpin here!  Just great food and great people. Great price. A+  

