                I can't get enough of this place. I've had it 3 times this week already and I might go again tomorrow!   I usually get the chicken kabobs, mantoo dumplings, quabilee pallow, or vegi borani badejan.   Chicken kabobs are always cooked to perfection. Super moist and flavorful, and the rice is so fluffy and seasoned perfectly. The fire roasted tomato is something so simple but always is a must.   Mantoo dumplings are a given every time I come, with whatever I order. It's minced beef, onions and spice, topped with a yoghurt sauce and some more goodness. (The leftover sauce is really good with the bread they give you). My #1 item on the menu.   Quabilee pallow is lamb that is cooked to perfection and falling off the bone in their brown rice with raisins and carrots. If you are a fan of lamb, I recommend this.   Their vegi borani badejan is a vegetarian dish with eggplant and tomato with a yogurt sauce that is so light and refreshing.   I have to have my khyber pass at least twice a month, if not more. Their little room on the side is also really cute and fun to eat with a group of friends!  

                Let's just call this place, "I dream of Khyber Pass." Cause that's basically how I see myself weekly--eating here at least three times a week easily.  I came here for our second date night after having s baby almost a year ago. What a great well spent date night! We were asked if we had reservations and when we didn't we were seated at the floor seats--now mind you, I was a little uneasy about the offering but immediately was open to it once I saw the set up. Exciting to say the least as I have never sat on the ground. Picture a jeweled pillow set up with colorful beaded fabrics all around. Welcoming. We sat at the far end table. You take your shoes off before walking up a few stairs to the floor seating area. So make sure your toes are decent if you have no socks! Lol  If you get that seat you will be climbing over people--more on that later.  The food was FANTASTIC. I've never had Afghan food and now I will eat it always because of Kyber Pass. We ordered the Quabili Pallow (lamb shank with basmati rice with carrots and onions), the sirloin kebab, and bolani. The lamb fell off the bone, the basmati rice was aromatic and moist, the sirloin was tender and tasty, and the bolani was lightly crisp around the edges and so soft and yummy with the yogurt sauce accompaniment. All HUGE portions which we took home to eat what we couldn't finish, for lunch the next day.  2 things that bothered me: you have to walk over the table if you finish before someone else. The service was "ok"--speaking of our server only. The FOH was amazing and on point and you could tell she knew what she was doing and was in charge.  

                I have been here four times in the last four weeks. Everything so far has been above my expectations.  I have been pleased every time I eat there. My wife and extended family love the place.  

                Craving for some Kabob's for lunch I headed out to Khyber Pass Kabob for some Afghan food. I ordered there Beef Tikka Kabob. The kabob was very flavorful albeit it was somewhat overdone and tough. What was surprisingly good was accompanying sweet potato that came with the meal. It partners with the rice and the beef kabob well.   It would be interesting to go at dinner and explore more of their menu.  

                My favorite is the Chapli kabobs and I am going to order it again even tho last couple of times weren't the same as it used to be. I trust this place enough to try it one more time . I will be back to update my review! Still my best favorite afghan food in the area  

                Hidden gem.  Great food at very reasonable prices.  I had the veggie ravioli, hummus and a roasted eggplant appie.  Everything was delish.  My friends who had the lamb raved about it.    They have a sectioned off area that is festively decorated where you can sit at  low tables (shoes off before you enter).  Looks really fun for a large group (think birthday celebrations).  Reminds me a little of Kanzaman in the city but I didn't see any belly dancers (not sure if it's part of the Afghan culture?). They would probably benefit in a bigger spot.  Overall, extraordinary service.  We were treated like VIP as soon as we walked in.  Thank you, Mama Saltana, Melissa and Sam (plus more but I don't know the names).  We will be back.  

                First, I would like to start off with the amazing staff here. Everyone was very friendly and provided great customer service. They constantly checked in to make sure the food was tasting good, made sure we have enough water in our cups, and simply doing small talks with the regulars there. They definitely are an example of what good customer service should be like.  Now onto the food. They give complimentary salad made with their house dressing and bread. Delicious stater. Their homemade hummus was very delicious with the bread (order separately). The Mantoo dumplings were delicious. The ground beef and onion wrapped inside along with the yogurt sauce just made it very tasty. It was a great appetizer choice. For entrees, we ordered the lamb curry and combination kabob (chicken and kabob beef). Both came with basmati rice. Their basmati rice has a delicious fragrant which was very enjoyable even on its own. The lamb curry was labeled spicy on their menu but even it arrived, it was not spicy at all. I was really looking forward to that kick, but it was good just by itself. Chicken and beef kabob was flavorful but a tad bit on the dry side. I added the sauce on their table so it didn't taste too dry.   Overall, a great experience. I would come back here to try their other entrees if I'm in town.  

                Maintaining my five-star rating for Khyber Pass - both food quality and service were stellar for our dinner on Thanksgiving eve.    Warmed bread and a nice green salad are complimentary with entrees, but since it's November we also shared the pumpkin appetizer dish - sweet and a hint of sour from the yogurt topping.  I recommend this dish heartily.  For entrees wife got the combo kebab with chicken and ground beef (koobideh).  Meats grilled to perfection though some chicken pieces were drier than we liked.  Rice cooked well but the tomato needs more time  on the grill to develop some sweetness.  I got the Quabili Pallow, an Afghan signature dish of a braised lamb shank covered with an amazing basmati rice laced with sweet shredded carrots and dried cranberry-raisins.  Absolutely delicious, and the lamb had just enough fat to keep it moist while cooked perfectly so meat comes off the bone easily.    Service as I said was great with the ladies being super nice and checking up on us throughout service.  The owner gave us a free sample of hummus that she just whipped up.  It was thicker than I'm used too but absolutely delicious - flavored from the herbs.  

                5 star restaurant for sure.   Conveniently located with lots of parking space . I have been to a lot of afghan restaurants and this place is one of the best . I was greeted right away by the friendly waiter as we got seated . I find cleanliness and friendless a big deal esp coming to a restaurant.  I ordered a combo kabob for my entree and mantu for appetizer. Hummus was also shared amongst two of us and that tasted very good as well.  They also have a little loft area that brings the ethnic culture into the restaurant if you wanna to sit on the matts on the ground and enjoy the middle eastern experience.  Great place to bring a family also.  

                I was other first time food and service good second time I was other my family we fine roach in our salad that was it they offer free desert  

                When it comes to Afghan restaurants, I usually use two dishes to measure their mark on quality and flavor.   First is the Chapli Kabob. This is two (one for the lunch portion) patties of highly seasoned ground sirloin served with a bed of rice and a vegetable side. One of the most spiced dishes Afghan food at restaurants offer, I expect a lot of flavor and they more than meet the expectation.  For quality, I see how well they have their Bolani. See if they do just potato, or just leek, and how they manage to cook it well without over cooking the insides, burning the outsides, yet still have that crisp and chewy texture. Again they manage to succeed.  My only complaint is the long wait times and average service, but still a very enjoyable experience.  

                I'm always open to try different foods and when my friends suggested Afghan food, i thought, why not?  FOOD: Thanks to the other yelps, we opted to start our meal with the Mantoo (dumplings). Dumplings filled with ground beef and topped off with yogurt. Lights and delicious. 4/5 My entree of choice was the beef kabob. The meat is covered in plenty of spices and is very flavorful. Crisp on the outside and tender on the inside. 4/5 The meal comes with a salad and this type of bread (I forgot the name).  Overall: 4/5  SERVICE: I was reading that service can be hit or miss here, but we had great service during our visit. The staff were friendly and answered all our questions especially it being our first time trying Afghan food. They made great recommendations as well. Overall: 4/5  DECOR/AMBIANCE: We were lucky to be seated on the upper platform- shoes taken off and you eat while sitting on the floor lined with pillows. Cool experience. Plenty of tables and this casual restaurant gets packed.  Overall: 5/5  The foods pack a lot of interesting tastes and flavors that were unfamiliar to me, but that's not a bad thing. I'm not sure if it's just with this restaurant or if its the type of food, but the spices may be too bold for some- the food here definitely does not lack flavor.  

                Oh, the many times we dreamed of this place when we lived many miles away. Once we moved to the Bay Area, I searched through three years of check ins just to find this restaurant. Our girls love the location (and the raised dias with cushions that is used for large parties) and we love the food. A fresh green salad is served upon seating with a delicious basket of bread. The service is friendly and fast. We always get one order of the Potato Leek Bolani (it's like a potato quesadilla; so yummy) to eat while there and one order to go. The curry is delicious as is the chicken kabob with a kind of rice pilaf. We had never had Afghani food before, but we have been back many times.  

                First off.... How do I not know about this place after living in Dublin for so many years!?!  When first walking in my initial thoughts were "this place is super small".  But we were soon greeted with a friendly smile from the waitress who I later found out was the owner.    Within 1 minute of sitting we were given bread and salad.  After looking over the menu we decided to order the Bolani ($9.95), Chapli Kabob ($12.95),  and Vegetarian Dish ($12.95).   The Bolani came out first which had great flavor and is accompanied with a yogurt dipping sauce.  I suggest you mix the green sauce on the table that makes it spicy and gives the dipping sauce a more dynamic taste.   The Chapli kabob is best describe to me as a middle eastern country fried steak, haha.  It's basically a ground beef patty that is flat and crispy packed with spices and flavor.  It is a little spicy so be careful if your sensitive to heat.  The vegetarian dish came with a lentil soup, greens, and eggplant.  I didn't try this, but I was told it had good flavor.  So if you're vegetarian this might be the dish for you.  Overall Khyber Pass has great food, but I felt it was a little bit more pricey then other afghan food that I've had.  The thing that really impressed me about this restaurant was the owner/waitress who took care of us.  Her customer service and employees gets an A++++!!  She checked up on us several times during our meal and made sure we were ok.  At the end of our she even took out some time to ask us how we found the restaurant and if it was our first time there.  We said yes and she told us that we have to try the house hummus.  She then came back with a free sample to take home, this place is awesome!!  So if your in the mood for some middle eastern food and great customer service come here, you won't regret it!  Enjoy!  

                The chicken kabob with palow (brown rice) is yummmmmy! I've also tried the tikka kabob for the red meat lovers and is good too. My other favorite dish is the Mantoo.   Only comment is that in the past they didn't cook the chicken well and inside it felt a bit raw but I ask for well done and the last time it was very good.   Great experience every time I go.  

                Ordered the lamb curry which was actually delicious. The lamb was tender and curry was decent. Bread and salad were given for appetizers. The reason for the two stars was the literal hour and a half wait at lunch.  For that long of a wait, I was expecting transcendence. Angels should have sang and clouds should have parted.   None of that happened.   Instead, I got a pretty good lamb while watching the table next to us get their lamb order in under 8 minutes.  

                Awesome place!!!!  Food is amazing!!!  Would highly recommend... I would highly suggest that you visit this restaurant. The owner is awesome and very passionate about good food. Please don't leave without trying the hummas!!!  I want some to go lol. Just great!  

                Hadn't had kabobs in forever, saw this place had good reviews, knew it was close to my house, so I decided to give it a try.  Really good portions for really amazing food. That's all I can say. The interior is a bit shoddy, I think the owner could consider redecorating the place, but the most important factor here is the food. Will be bringing my kabob-loving friends here to sample the greatness with me again.  

                I  love Afghani food and it's great that the Tri-Valley area has such a concentration of high quality Afghani food.  I thought Kabul in Sunnyvale was a decent restaurant but it really pales next to the Afghani food found in Fremont, Dublin and Livermore.  I would rank Khyber Pass as our 2nd favorite Afghani restaurant.    #1. De Afghanan Kabob House in Fremont:  The original hole in the wall that still has the BEST kabobs and bolani in the Bay Area.  #2: Khyber Pass:  Chicken and beef kabobs are good, but not as good as the original De Afghanan but they have excellent mantoos and bolanis.  The mantoo has delicate almost wonton-like skin and the bolanis are light and crispy (not has heavy as the typical bolani).  Their chapli kabob is the best we've had - crispy and richly seasoned - even better than #1 above.    #3: De Afghanan Cuisine in Fremont: Solid but not as good as # 1 or #2   #4. De Afghanan in Livermore:  Solid but not as good as the previous 3  Pamir in Dublin is a distant 5th.  Their kabobs didn't have that crusty goodness you get from meat freshly cooked over fire.  They were chewy and tasted microwaved.  

                Service and food was mediocre at best. The seasoning was hardly there. What was mentioned to be spicy by the waiter was not spicy at all. The waiter was unpleasant and rushed us to order and leave. The mantoo was seriously lacking for it had no flavor.   We went about lunch time and ordered the lunch menu. Hopefully the dinner isn't as terrible  

                My boyfriend and I had to run an errand in Dublin. Before we realized it was almost 2pm and we were starving. Thanks to yelp we found Kyber pass. The food did not disappoint. I had the lamb Chapli and he had chicken kebab with yogurt on the side. My lamb was so soft and moist, literally falling off the bone. The chicken kebab was tender and flavorful. My Chapli tasted almost  like Kashmiri biryani. Will definitely go back if I am craving for good kebabs. Service was good as well  

                Maybe I'm a bit biased here since I've had little to no luck finding authentic food anywhere in the Tri-valley area, but damn is the Afghan food here good.  Try:  The Mantoo: This odd ground beef dumpling concoction was a surprise winner. Packed with spices and paired with that yogurt stuff, it is simply delightful.  Fish curry: Not heavy at all - super easy pairing with breads, mantoo, anything.  Bonus: this place has a lounge area where you can go shoeless and play footsie with your neighbor. Wooo!  

                My first time trying the food and overall the experience was ok. Would I go back? Yes! I feel it will be better next time. I'm not giving up yet.  

                So I had to see and taste what all the hype was about at Khyber Pass Kabob. I hear about this place at least once a week from my friends and customers. This place is nothing short of amazing. The food is what you would expect from a expensive 5 star restaurant in New York or Vegas. The Owners and staff are very friendly and accommodating. This is my new goto spot in the East Bay.  

                We tried to go lazy dog rest in dublin; changed our minds as soon as we saw many people were waiting in out side of rest.  So one of friends was recommended this kebob place several month ago. We decided to try for dinner. Place was small and cozy. Staffs were friendly.  One thing i liked this place; as soon as you were seated, server gave you water, salad to share and warm bread. You can eat while you were looking at menu.  We ordered bolani, chicken kebob and beef kebob. Meat were crispy out side and juicy in side. Marinated meats were well. I also liked red chilly sauce and sweet taste. Not spicy but it went well with meat and rice. All of them were generous portion and tasty. Owner's daughter walked around each table and cared about customers too. I liked good service and foods Will go back again to try curry and some other dishes that i never saw other afghanese rests..  

                First time fan...I love this place!!! Thanks for the hospitality, we enjoyed Auntie's secret salad dressing and the amazing food!!! We'll definitely be back very soon!  Floor seating was such a fun and intimate experience, wear clean socks because no shoes allowed  

                This was a recent discovery thanks to a fellow Yelper and we have not been disappointed! Both times we've done takeout for our extended TriValley family, and the missus and I are looking forward to a kid-free date night here.  The vegetarian menu is excellent - we especially enjoyed the cauliflower, which was flavorful and perfectly spiced. The eggplant borani and bolani (we preferred the non-spicy version) were also very good.  On the non-veg side - we enjoyed both the chicken kabob and the lamb kabob, both of which come with seasoned basmati rice, spicy chutney, bread and salad.  The wait staff is friendly and helped me carry our order to the car when I needed an extra pair of hands.  Only downside I can think of is the long wait - 35 minutes the first time, over an hour the next. And please be careful pulling into and out of the parking lot - traffic patterns are not intuitive.  

                This is my new favorite afghan restaurant in the area! We came here for a co-worker's Bday and got seated right away at their traditional seating area. I love their chicken curry, borani kazoo and borani bedenjan. I'm not sure do this regularly but we were served hummus on the house! Will definitely be back to try other dishes.  

                Don't 'pass' this one up! Good food that was even better after the 'kushy' seats... smokin deals... Peace  -Gary S  

                Tried this for the first time last weekend from all of the rave reviews. I was quite pleased!  I was a little annoyed that they don't offer lunch prices on like, half of the days of the week, so I'm spending $15 dinner price on my lunch? Hmph.   Otherwise, love everything about it. Love the decor, the service, the accompanying salad and flatbread, and the food was soooo good. We even had a little bit of leftovers because they give you so much of that awesome rice.   Beef kabob delicious. I had the most popular dish (something pallow?) that had carrots and raisins in it...Flavor combo sounded strange to me, but I'm glad I tried it! It also came with a succulent piece of lamb that was so juicy and flavorful.  

                Food Here is excellent I think i ended up coming in 3 times in a week with 3 different groups.  The dining area is adequate size for large parties of 8-10 but still small cozy for small groups  Regardless of my appetite level I always order the bolani as an appetizer.  It is literally so good that I will mentally reallocate space in my stomach in order to fit it.  It is great with or without the sauce.  I personally dislike food that has an overwhelming amount of hotness relative to the amount of flavor derived from the spices used to season it.  This bolani has the perfect level of spiciness, and if you are a bit more sensitive you can dip it in a sauce to take a bit of edge off and add a sour flavor.  As a carnivore the best meat here is lamb.  The Chopan Kabob (charbroiled lamb) is always cooked perfectly to my liking.  A nice level of rareness to the interior makes it soft and delicious.  The seasoning takes off a bit of the gameness without covering it up entirely so it still has a true lamb taste.  If you are not a lamb person the beef and chicken kabobs also meet the same level of excellence.  Overall the price to quality ratio is very good, food is great, and the staff is friendly and treat you like you're their favorite customer.  

                By far the best Afghani restaurant outside Fremont. The food is all so authentic and delicious. The service is one of the best of all the ethnic restaurant in the area. Sultana is beautiful person she makes you feel right at home. Her hummus is so delicious, coming from a Lebanese who takes pride of the hummus I make, but seriously Sultana makes a mean hummus. She sent some over to our table and I was wowed by how delicious it was. My favorite dishes here so far are : lamb chops, chapli kabob, Bolani,( just amazing), the best homemade yogurt drink ever, and the kabuli pallaw.  We have been there so many times and will continue to go and bring friends over because we enjoy everything about this restaurant. Keep up the great work.  

                The service was awesome!!! Melissa was at her best, the food was hot and Fresh...    Belkis & Melissa do a great job out here!!!  Hospitality was amazing and Melissa was just amazing  Good food and great service!!!!  

                Best place for lunch around town. Natural and delicious! I typically get the lamb and beef shawarma wrap while my bf get the skewers. The market is right next door which is fun to browse while waiting for the food. All the workers are also very pleasant to talk to.  

                Good traditional afghani food!! I love the bolani and the kabobs. Although it is not a fancy restaurant or a nice location but the food makes up for it. They also have a dessert called firni which is a milk pudding and it is out of this world good. Make sure you order afghani tea because it is not like regular tea.  

                Restaurant confirmation.  I did a follow up visit to Khyber Pass with my daughter just to make sure the food and service were as good as the first time.  (But also because I was hungry!)    Seldom do I see a movie twice, re-read a book, or go to the same restaurant twice in one week.  But made an exception for Khyber Pass.  Again, we arrived late in the evening just before closing  and expected the staff to be tired and rushed, but again the owner Sultana was friendly and  our waitress Nilo  (Sultana's niece) was energetic and funny, even though she was obviously busy.    Food was full of Flavors (see pictures) and delicious!  ** Quabilee Pallow - Slow cooked lamb shank over brown basmati rice with raisins, almonds and carrots is my daughter's favorite.  The lamb fell off the bone and added flavor to the slightly raisin sweetened rice.  ** Chicken Kebob - Tender chunks of chicken breast cooked perfectly and carefully seasoned.  It is difficult to cook chicken breast on the grill without it getting too dry and tough, but they kept it ever so succulent.  The best part is that our waitress (the niece) took care of us and we were able to get home at a reasonable hour, which was nice since it was a week night.  This restaurant is hitting on all cylinders, and is a nice hidden gem.  

                We ordered sides of vegetables instead of rice, and they were both very interesting and delicious. The spices are also robust and delicious, very tender lamb. Thank you!  

                Nice restaurant. Chicken Kabob was awesome.  

                Last night I had planned a birthday dinner for my husband with our friends at this Resturant. It is the best afghani food I have tasted so far. The staff here is just fabulous especially Melissa. The owner is so genuine and friendly.  My favorite here is the Chapli kabob and the mantoo!! Absolutely to die for. Will highly recommend this place.  

                They have chopan kabobs here which is lamb with the bone.  Most places have only the boneless lamb but that reduces a lot of the flavor.  I love lamb chops and they do it well here.    The restaurant has ample seating and is located in one of Dublin's many strip malls.  Service is underwhelming but the chopan kabob more than makes up for it..  

