                Cash Only  I came in here just expecting to get some banh mi, but after looking around, I couldn't resist picking up many more things. I ended up getting Banh Tet, Cha Lua, Banh Beo, Banh Bao, Banh Cuon, Xoi Lap Xuong, Com Say Cha Bong, a couple bags of bread, and some pate and Vietnamese mayo. Needless to say, I came in getting a lot more than I expected. I expected the bill to be around $50 with all I got, but it only ended up being $35. It lasted my boyfriend and me about 7 meals each. 14 delicious meals for $35! I wasn't the biggest fan of the Banh Cuon, but everything else was very tasty! I will definitely be coming back here next time I'm in the area.  

                I really wanted to love these sandwiches since everyone raves about it. It's a decent sandwich but I had super high expectations that weren't met.  The bread wasn't toasted enough. The bbq pork was a bit dry  I did really like their secret sauce. It reminded me of the French butter they used to sell at little Saigon sandwich shop.  

                This is the only place I'll go to for banh mi. Super flavorful with the veggies and the pate at a reasonable price!   Sometimes for large parties, I like to buy their party trays of spring rolls and banh cuon(?).   So hey, if you don't mind spending more than 15 minutes looking for a parking spot in Lion Plaza, go here! Tons better than Lee's Sandwiches.  

                Came by for a light lunch the other day and it was a surprisingly mediocre experienced.  Ordered the combo sandwich for $3.5 and the bread seems to be a day old...it was chewy... The meats were light and the flavoring was just mediocre.  They only accept cash and they were relatively nice behind the counter.  

                All the sandwiches are under $4 and that is cheap!  I tried the pork belly sandwich and it was average. Maybe I should have stuck with my usual BBQ pork. Ingredients were fresh but I did not care too much for the sauce. It was very fishy and salty.  Not quite what I was expecting.  Only the sandwiches are translated into English. The other half of the menu is all in Vietnamese.  They have a lot of party trays packaged and ready to go.  

                I live in LA and spend most of my days out in the 626 because I work in Rosemead, so I'm fortunately surrounded by some of the best vietnamese food in SoCal. However, I can without a doubt say that Kim's is unparalleled to anything else I've eaten any both in quality and customer service. From Banh mi to virtually anything else they offer, Kim's is easily the most authentic and best vietnamese food I've ever had and Id like to think I've eaten quite a bit of viet food after being in SoCal the last 8 years. Beyond the food, the owners put their hard work and passion into every aspect of the business and this not only emanates from the store from the second you walk in but also can be tasted in everything on the menu. Put simply I love Kim's sandwich.  

                A guy and I bought a drink at the same time.  Taking a sip, I realized it's the wrong one. Mine's behind the counter. I asked if I could switch. She said, "You already drank it." I must have a shock look and in front of other customers she switched. She took mine back and just to spite, she told the other lady, "Throw it in the trash." Geesus! Btw, don't buy the jelly drink. The jelly is old and packed hard at the bottom.  

                I love picking up rolls and vietnamese sandwich from this place. I love their iced coffee too. I usually look around and find new things to try. Their pork rolls are delicious.  I find the spring rolls have too much sprouts but still yummy.  

                Best banh mi I've ever tried! This place is small and it looks questionable from the outside but don't be fooled because delicious goodies wait inside. I've also had their banh cuon to go and I wasn't disappointed at all. Everything is pre packaged for convenience which is a huge bonus... Anyways! About the banh mi... They put this homemade yellow sauce inside (which may be mayo? I have no idea) and their pate is the ish!! GET EXTRA!  

                Another banh mi gem in East San Jose. The lady behind the cash register was nice enough to kindly suggest a different sandwich from the one I ordered, since she didn't think I would like some of the ingredients. I also had the fried rice with sausage, which was quite tasty.  

                HOLY #%^* best banh mi of my liiiiiiife How did I wait so long?!?! Def shame on me, a 408 native Dx and I've been to every other banh mi shop in a 5-mile radius since I used to live around here. Aaahhhhh I might need to come back and edit this more coherently after I've finished eating and calmed down a little  

                One of my favorite vietnamese sandwich spots... I've been coming here ever since my childhood.  This is a mom and pop owned shop. Love their sandwiches! Their bread is perfect (to me :]) it's lightly crunchy outside (not so crunchy that it will hurt the roof of your mouth) and super soft inside. They make their own mayo and liver spread (yum!).   They put enough of whatever goes inside the sandwich to make it taste right, not so little and not so much where everything will over empower one another's taste.   What I love about this place is the owners are so nice and will chop it up with you at any given chance. They're so open that they tell you what they put in their sandwiches.   And that they sell their homemade mayo, homemade liver spread, homemade shredded pork, the seasoned radishes/carrots, and everything else you need to make a sandwich.  

                GOOD GOD THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD. We bought three, drove out to Quimby and had to turn back to get more sandwiches because I ate two sandwiches by the time we got to Rigoletto.   I have never tasted bread this crunchy-on-the-outside-so-soft-on-the-inside.   Only $2.50 FOR ONE SANDWICH OMFG!!!!!  

                **3.5 Stars**  Kim's Sandwich is just outside and to the right (as you're approaching the building) of the main Lion Plaza Food Court.  With nearby Huong Lan quite well known for their sandwiches (banh mi), I was curious given the great reviews for Kim's Sandwich.  It's a much smaller operation, but like Huong Lan they offer a multitude of banh mi choices as well as a variety of pre-packaged items like banh beo and spring rolls as party trays.  The owners here are very friendly and while the menu did not have English translations, they were glad to provide winning recommendations.  I ordered some banh mi and a platter of banh beo.  I really enjoyed the banh mi.  The bread was really fresh, the ingredients were great quality and the pate was really good.  Like Rob C. mentions, they use a butter mayo combination to add some richness to the sandwich.  I'm a mayo fan so really liked, although admittedly, if you don't eat the sandwich right away, it may get soggy.  The banh beo were freshly made and were decent.  Having just had a tray of banh beo (rice cake) from Huong Lan, I much preferred their version.  The banh beo here were not quite as thin and fluffy and the dry shrimp on top was very mild in flavor.    Overall, this is a nice low key stop to get sandwiches.  Plus to the friendly owners and the great prices.  I hear their spring rolls are quite good so I'll have to come back for that.  Kim's Sandwiches is cash only.  

                Pros Price is ok but not cheaper than many other stores  Their "banh my" is just so so good (my opinion), i like how they put butter with "cha lua" together.  Also they open early so i can grap 1 before going to school  Cons Their store looks kind of old and there wont be seats for customers but for it was fine a person that is always in hurry like me :)  

                You can always tell a good Bahn Mi by the condition of the roof of your mouth after eating. The less cuts, the better. This place makes theee best sandwiches....the bread is the perfect combination of toasty and soft, the ingredients and toppings are always fresh, and the flavors are authentic.   This place also has a ridiculous  variety for pre-packaged foods and desserts to chose from. Everything is prepared fresh that day and looks amazing. I always make this place my morning pit stop before driving back down to Socal. Great place to pick up some road trip food- Vietnamese coffee, sandwiches, pastries, and desserts!!   ALL that food + my favorite playlist = GREAT road trip! Until next time!  

                DELICIOUS & CHEAP! What more could you ask for?!   $2.75 for a sandwich. BBQ Pork is my favorite for banh mi! :D Also tried the Pork Belly which was reallly good as well. The bread tasted pretty fresh too. :)  Also, I'm not sure if the review noting the bad service are about the same workers, but the elderly couple (well I'm assuming they were a couple) that was working when I was there was super friendly!  I think this place may be my new favorite spot for Vietnamese sandwiches! I've tried the popular Huong Lan (it's right down the street) after hearing/reading rave reviews but I actually like Kim's sandwiches much better! Definitely try this place out if you're in the mood for some delicious sandwiches :)  

                Good sandwiches with alot of toppings.  Definitely worth the money. . Lots of different types of rice to choose from. .  

                My roast chicken sandwich looked like it was made with all the chickens' funky leftovers because I pulled out some knuckle cartilage and a piece of skin from a chicken foot. If you're Asian, you know what it looks like I'm almost certain. Judging from most of the good reviews, I should have ordered xa xiu (barbecue pork) instead, so perhaps on my next venture I'll get that instead.   Most all sandwiches include pickled veggies, cilantro, jalapeno, and an (un)healthy slap of French butter mayonnaise, so tell the ladies making your sandwiches if you don't want one of these items.   There's a good variety of plastic wrapped, ready to eat items, as well as refrigerated foods, drinks, and sweets. I haven't shopped here enough to know, but it seems like Kim's is a-ok, but nothing stellar.   Also, super Vietnamese place always = cash only.  

                I've never had banh mî at a better place.  Located deep within the heart of the Lion Plaza is a little shop known as Kim's Sandwiches.  I don't know if it's a little shop or a franchise.  I don't know.  Not to sound racist, but I know hundreds of Kims of Vietnamese descent.  Hell, I slept with one a few years ago.  But not to start a tangent, Kim's Sandwiches are awesome.  A lot of the banh mi sandwich places I go to have upped their prices to at at least $2.95 and over $3.  But not Kim's.  Her stuff is still at $2.50.  (Except you can tell they were lower because the ".50" is written on white tape.  Her minions stuff the bread until it's packed, so having a mouth full of the meat, radishes, and Vietnamese mayo is simply amazing.  My favorites are the thit jambon and the xa xîu, the ham sandwich and the BBQ pork sandwich.  Sometimes they even put the vegetables in a plastic zip lock bag!  Thing is I'm not Vietnamese, so I can't pronounce these menu items for crap.  That being said, I've actually ordered only the BBQ Pork and the Ham because those are simple American English words to make out.  The last thing I wanna do is piss Kim and her minions off.  (I call them minions because she's pretty much yelling at these people whenever I order.)  The whole damn menu is in Vietnamese too, so it's a bit intimidating.  The packaged items are good too.  I just point at them.  Next time I come here I'll bring somebody fluent with me.  Not Kim though.  Them go-go dancers are crazy.  Oh yeah it's cash only.  Don't tell me you didn't expect that.  

                Service was terrible. If you don't speak English, that's cool, but you have to at least speak enough English to sell your own product. If I'm calmly telling you what I want on my sandwich and you're screaming "What you like??" over and over, we're not gonna get anywhere.   And, trust me, I'm from SoCal, I've been ordering food from people who don't speak English my entire life; I've never had this many problems.  You think I've never pantomimed my way through the menu at a hole in the wall pho spot before?  You think it's easy communicating that I don't want tripe but do want brisket using nothing but my hands and the occasional pelvic thrust?  You think I've never had to google "how to say 'are you sure there's no lard in these beans, my dude?' in Spanish" before?  Homegirl was clearly frustrated by her inability to communicate, but she didn't deal with it very well. She really didn't even try, to be honest. I just ended up getting something other than what I wanted because apparently "both kinds of tofu" was just waaaaaay beyond her ability to comprehend, despite, you know, her being the one who initially asked me if I wanted tofu A or B. Don't give me options if you can't even interpret the fucking answer. Just point to the menu, hand me some dice and let me roll them shits so I understand that this is not an exercise in self-determination. Maybe she's special, bruh, iunno. Anyway, the food was decent. I used to live in Little Saigon so I'm not gonna throw five stars at every little banh mi shop I come across, but this place was okay.   Your food's gotta be a LOT better than this for me to tolerate service this shitty, though.  

                Better than Banh Mi My Tho in Alhambra, but sadly, that's the best that there is in the LA area.  Anyway, fresh & warm sandwiches with sufficient meat and healthy amount of vegetables.  Plenty of pre-packaged foods for you to pick, which is fun, but you have to get there early because there are slim pickings as the day wanes.  We ended up getting veggie spring rolls (not fried) since the regular rolls with shrimp were out. Interestingly and unexpectedly, there were fried bits (of what, I don't know) inside the roll, which made it oily, which I didn't care for since I was expecting something fresh and light.  Parking: free parking lot with ample spaces  

                The banh mi here is soooo good. It's not any more expensive than places, but the bread is the perfect amount of crispy and soft. I've found that other Vietnamese sandwich places sometimes have bread that is way too hard and it makes the sandwich a mess to eat. I guess ending up with bread crumbs in your hair is all part of the banh mi process though, so this could just be a personal preference. :) Lots of meat in the pork BBQ sandwich too!  

                Bomb. dot. com.  Some of you may know, I have been going around looking for THE BEST viet sandwich I can find in the South Bay ... I've tried many and some of these places were good but fell short in certain ways.  Evidently, not at Kim's.  This place is the BOMB. The bread, the meats, yes I like the mystery pork roll, and the pate ... all just come together perfectly to form this delicious Vietnamese sandwich. And it's still $2.50 folks!   As always, cash only, and practically you have to speak Vietnamese in order to come here and order because everything is in Vietnamese ... now you know it's legit when you can't even read the menu!  

                I have been to Kim's Sanwiches a couple times.  Once to get a Vietnamese sandwich and today to get the salty rice with Chinese sausage.  It was ok.  Nothing extraordinary, it was only average.  I then went to Thanh Son to get some other desserts and had decided to pick up the same salty rice with Chinese sausage.  To be honest, Thanh son's was better.  The one at Kim's wasn't too bad but I found a place that made it much better.  

                This place is really good! I am always a little weary of new Asian places because I'm a vegetarian and also don't eat egg and I don't speak Vietnamese and worry that I'll get something I can't eat. I was so pleased with my tofu sandwich it was out of this world good and their sesame ball with bean paste was delicious. I took a chance and referred to yelp to find a good of place and yelp came through!! I gave it one star shy because the place was a very cluttered.   Tons of food all over. I wish I knew what was in everything but stuck to what I knew.  

                Don't order Charcoaled Pork #6  as they will give you BBQ Pork #2 instead! Why they bother to put 2 separate items on menu!!!  And the sandwich was cold. Won't buy again!  

                I have to comment on how convenient Kim's Sandwiches party trays are. My friend and I were on our way to pick up food for a potluck and we of course procrastinated at the last minute....  Had been visiting a friend and luckily were close by and picked up the Spring Roll tray and the Banh Beo tray - let me tell you for the first time my procrastination helped me stumble on a hidden gem. I even picked up a BBQ pork sandwich as a snack to share first because we hadn't eaten all day - this was really good too. The bread was crunchy and buttery on the outside and really soft on the inside. Got the toppings on the side - if you are trying to travel with your sandwich you should ask for the veggies separately so you can enjoy your sandwich at its freshest. If you have a sweet tooth, they have a good variety of authentic deserts so if you are craving sweet or salty this is a good place to stop by.  If you're in the area come try, if you are in decent driving distance come try and you will not be disappointed. I wish I had this closer to where I lived otherwise I would be coming almost every week. Maybe that's probably for the better.  

                I literally come here everytime I go to San Jose. They have hands down one of the best vitnamese sandwiches. I have tried the places that people hype about in San Francisco. Seriously things like Lee's sandwich should not even be compared to a good vitnamese sandwich it is by far... far... far from that. Theres also other places that I've tried but I think Kim's is my favorite.   Vitnamese sandwich I always get #2 which is the white pork slices. (not sure what they are but bare with me that it's called "JJA")  It is the best!!! they have their own sauce that is added onto the bread and it's YUM YUM YUM. If I recall correctly it's only like 2.75 for a sandwich.   Shrimp Spring Roll: Oh heaven lord!! Their spring rolls are my FAVORITE! it's delicious because I personally don't like the bitter/ minty leaves and guess what there are none in these. The sad thing though is that you have to buy the huge tray that has like 20+ rolls in it. I still buy it because me and my family will finish it in no time. The peanut sauce that they have in there is actually delicious. I am not a huge fan of those sauces and usually don't use it by I actually enjoyed this one.   The Sticky Rices: There are two kinds. The one with the chinese sausage and dried shrimp and the chicken with pork shreds. I prefer the chinese sausage one because it tastes more flavorful and it blends well with the rice, while the chicken tastes a little bland. It may also seem like you're eating the chicken and rice seperately.  I've recently discovered another yummy goody. Near the register there something that looks like the sausage sticky rice except that the rice is fried? and crunchy looking. For those who like the crunchy rice near the bottle of the rice cooker. EAT THIS!!! It is delicious!!!  I will always be back for Kim's sandwich!! The ladies in there are also really kind even though they aren't really good at communicating with English.  

                The bread on the bbq pork sandwich tasted like day old bread.  The butter mayo I didn't really care for.  At first, I didn't know what it was.  Reminded me of a sweet mango sauce which I don't care for in my sandwich.   Sandwich was cheap, $2.75.  

                The sandwiches are delicious! I had the BBQ pork and it was wonderful! It was packed full of awesomeness and the Daikon radishes are so yummy! Totally recommend!  

                Rounding up to 4 stars because of their awesome, butter-y mayo, and b/c they have people who speak English!  I liked the taste of the sandwiches I got the first time better, but it's their delicious, perfume-y mayo that keeps me coming back! I ordered a few sandwiches each of the Charcoaled Pork (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kims-sandwiches-san-jose?select=R2w_XD5AmRjGK4z4xYpchA#BWd0tz_xrLHfKeaNlswm4g">yelp.com/biz_photos/kims…</a>) and Charcoaled Chicken (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kims-sandwiches-san-jose?select=R2w_XD5AmRjGK4z4xYpchA#GY53jQYspuh2Gug3ly2VqQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/kims…</a>), some with pate and some without. I didn't think the pate added anything extra to the sandwich, so wouldn't get it again since it costs an extra $.50. The taste of the pork was pretty good, but they dye the meat this weird red color, which is offputting. The chicken was good, but a bit bland compared to the pork. Their mayo is really what saves the sandwiches- I've never had a mayo like it! It's really yellow, so they either use a ton of egg yolk or mix in a little butter. Whatever it is, I hope they don't stop! The bread of the banh mi is good, and their pickled vegetables are good too (but Thanh Huong is still my #1!). Parking here can suck, and they can get crowded, but they make your food quickly. We also purchased the Banh Uot Thit Bo (beef and lettuce rolled in thin sheets of rice noodle, <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kims-sandwiches-san-jose?select=R2w_XD5AmRjGK4z4xYpchA#R2w_XD5AmRjGK4z4xYpchA">yelp.com/biz_photos/kims…</a>), and that was good as well. They had a ton of other stuff (bun cuon, etc) in huge party trays (I'm assuming for Mother's Day) that looked really good, so I'll have to come back and try them out when they're in smaller packages.  Overall, good Vietnamese food, good prices, AWESOME mayo, and they speak English!  

                Love this place! Besides Phat Tri, this is my other to go place to get my sandwich fix. The owner is really cool. (Tips: Go late, and if he's there, will certainly give you a great deal on certain items) Usually we come here to get vegetarian/bi for my auntie every other week, and all my sisters and i get our favorite sandwiches. I think what makes their sandwiches different than other places is because they have their unique mayo, really creamy & buttery. Also we love their peanuts, always grab a bag or two to munch on. Prices ain't bad either. So come here people if you are in the area located in the Lion Plaza and try out their great sandwiches.  

                On a visit to East SanJo I decided to drop by the Lion Plaza's food court for some eats, and to revisit this sandwich shop. This place is a legitimate challenger to that famous VNese sandwich chain (starts with "L" and rhymes with YEEs) - even better here I'd say.  The ladies working there are very friendly and helpful, switching back and forth between VNese and English like it was nothing. We got a few sandwiches (Jambon=pork ham and charcoaled chicken) and Banh Cuon Cha Lua to go.  The inside of this shop also has an L-shaped walkway, with food-goods displayed on all sides of the shop, so it is very easy to make impulse buys. Their main entrance is on the King Street side of the plaza. The other entrance is near the plaza's food court.  

                I love their Banh Mi, they put special mayo on it. It taste really buttery and delicious.   If only it weren't located inside of Lion Plaza, I'd come here more than I'd go to Huong Lan for sandwiches. There's lot's of to go pre-made vietnamese food and they cater. Huong Lan sandwich eaters should try Kim's sandwiches, you'll like it.  

                Not sure why this place has such stellar reviews but I would rather go to Huong Lan.  

                My favorite spot for fresh spring rolls! They have shrimp spring rolls, vegetarian with bi, and bo bia which is a chinese sausage and egg. Their sauce consistency is great and it's definitely different from other peanut sauces you get elsewhere. They always have party trays ready, but if you want a larger quantity, they can fix it up really quick. They also have vietnamese sandwiches, which I haven't tried yet.  

                I love Kim's sandwiches...the bread is toasty but not hard ....its just right. I always order the meatball sandwich. It's prepared right from the lady who makes them. starting with the butter-mayo,the veggies and the meatball just yummy :D  and the price $2.50 for a sandwich can't go wrong with that:D go go Kim's !!!  

                So I've been here multiple of times and this place makes pretty good food. My bf likes the soy here. Not a huge variety of things, but they have alot of my fav things. Not to mention that pink fatty meat they have for the banh mi!  Their banh mi is pretty good, probably top 10. It would be even better if the bread wasn't too bready. The innards are really good, but the bread was just ok. Good and cheap. Not great, but still really good.  

                We went late in the evening and they had ran out of shrimp spring rolls, but the lady offered to make fresh ones :). The peanut sauce was deliciously spicy. We also ordered a chicken sandwich; it was tasty and also had a kick. Fed 3 adults and 2 kids with $18, pretty reasonable.  

