                4 star for food and 1 more star for excellent service.  came here with a group of ten and made reservations ahead of time. felt a bit bad since I called in an extra 2 times to add some people, but the workers were always friendly about adding a few and it wasn't a problem.  came in at 7 and there were a few people here and there. most for the ayce shabu.  they set up the fire pots with all the sauce garnishings on the side. it included radish, green onion, hot peppers and minced garlic. all were yummy, but be careful of those peppers, they are HOT!!!  AYCE $23 comes with option of lamb and beef.  veggies on the side include cabbage, spinach, mushrooms, udon and glass noodles. I must say this was a fairly good deal and all the meats were excellent quality. you can choose from spicy miso or tonkatsu broth. I didn't taste much in the tonkatsu but definitely made a difference when I added some peppers in it to kick it up a notch. my friends liked their spicy miso broth, but I think everyone was more amazed of the yummy dipping sauce!!! it's a bit different, but very delicious. we all also asked for ponzu on the side, which the waiter was glad to bring out.  service was excellent. everytime a meat platter or veggie bowl was devoured, they kept it coming and I was throughly amaZed!!!! it was a little bit awk in the beginning because the servers were really precise of where each meat platter and veggie bowl goes. it was funny when they told my friend to move their sauce closer and leave everything exactly as they placed O.o  little bit weird but I see what you guys were doing now! they were really quick in setting up and changing empty plates :)    bill came out with added gratuity already so just beware!  parking can suck because although they have a parking lot in the back, it's spaced out weird so you would block another person if you were the 2nd car parked behind. so if you can find parking around, it would save you a lot of trouble from disrupting your meal and moving your car.  overall, awesome experience and blown away by their service, food and price. will definitely go back here again!  

                I definitely enjoy the shabu here and the service is great.  All you can eat shabu is the only way to go if you come here for that.  It's $23 and includes all of the usual fixin's: glass noodles, napa cabbage, udon, mushrooms, tofu, and of course your choice of meat.  The non AYCE option is more expensive so don't do that: $13/plate meat + $11 plate of veggies.  The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because they only have 1 dipping sauce that tastes a little like a mix between the ponzu and goma.  If everyone at your table is doing shabu, everyone has to get AYCE.  Otherwise, some people can order regular Japanese food from the menu and others can do shabu.  They have a small parking lot behind the restaurant around the corner but I generally don't like to park there.  You have to park tandem style where you're either blocking someone in or you're getting blocked in.  So you'll have to be prepared to interrupt your meal to move your car.  Best to find street parking if you can.  

                My favorite place for shabu shabu by far. At kufuya, they offer the best deal- $23 AYCE. Can't beat that! They offer three different broths- chicken, spicy miso, and pork. I always go for the spicy miso since I like a little spice in my life hehe. The deal also comes with a bowl of veggies that includes cabbage, spinach, two different types of mushrooms, udon noodles, and glass noodles. Yum.   What I must highlight is the amazingly attentive service here. I don't know why but whenever I come here, I feel like family. They refill your tea, delicious dipping sauce, and plates of meat without you ever having to ask them. It's truly wonderful.. If only it was like this at other restaurants. I will definitely continue coming back here. Keep it up, Kufuya!  

                All you can eat Shabu with spicy miso broth for the win!  For $10 more make it all you can drink Asahi and hot sake. Pretty much a no brainer.   The meats are delicious, especially the lamb. Chunky mushrooms, thick noodles and fresh spinach make up the veggie portion.   I didn't realize they added an automatic service fee so I accidentally tipped on top of everything else. Kicking myself today but oh well. My fault for not looking more closely at the check, but don't make the same mistake!   The tables don't have the hot plate built in, so if you're doing Shabu and all the hot plates are being used you may have a bit of a wait. The staff is super friendly, though, and they don't rush you if you want to linger over a long dinner.  

                Kufuya only offers cabbage, spinach, mushrooms, noodles, beef, and lamb for their hotpot. For it's price of AYCE $22-23, it's worth it but I wish it had more variety. My first time here, I thought the spicy miso soup base was pretty bland but I've came back about 5-6x after and the soup base has definitely improved. Their dipping sauce is like crack, it's DELICIOUS! fresh garlic, onion, chili peppers and that crack sauce keeps me coming back! Their staff is also very attentive - great customer service!  

                This place is great. I have been to different places for A.Y.C.E. shabu and this is easily the best by far. Ace and I had a 6:30pm reservation and were seated immediately. Our waiter was friendly, attentive, and efficient. We did not have to wait long for refills on vegetables, meat, or even that delicious dipping sauce! In all I had a wonderful experience for a belated Valentine's dinner date with my Ace.  The meat slices were fresh and thinly cut. The lamb here was the best I have had, and it did not have those little bones that many other restaurants' lamb cuts had. The beef cuts were marbled to perfection. We ordered the tonkatsu broth and it boiled quickly, we cooked our meat through within seconds. Great vegetables as well. Oh, and THAT DIPPING SAUCE WAS F-ING DELICIOUS*  I cannot even complain about the 15% tipping charge. Why should I? The waiters did not stop us from eating just because there were other customers waiting. After three bowls of veggies, two plates of lamb, and three plates of beef to share between us, I say the restaurants deserve the tip. We gave a little more on top of that. We shall be back next week.  

                One of my FAVORITE AYCE shabu places in the Bay! And it's only $23 per person!   Everything about this place is on point. The MEAT is fresh and their lamb doesn't even have that "lamb-y" smell! AYCE comes with the assortment of vegetables that include my favorite tofu, mushrooms, and UDONNNN !!   Their service is super friendly and always ready to fill up your next platter of meat the moment you're done!   I'm definitely a sauce girl when it comes to shabu, and I appreciate their finely chopped green onions and minced garlic. Not to mention the spicy flavaaa' from the chili peppers too!  Parking is a bit more convenient because they have limited-spaces right behind the restaurant, on the side of the corner. It's not such an issue though because there's street parking everywhere, but it is San Francisco ... so prepare to hunt around.  I don't even live in San Francisco, but I'll be coming back to this place whenever I crave hotpot :) !  

                Been coming here for years and will continue to come here to Shabu. Love the sauce and they serve sushi too. (Best of both worlds )  

                I have to admit, my first impression of Kufu-ya was not a good one. Back more than ten years ago, there was no "shabu" here, just your typical Japanese choices, I first came here for a simple lunch bento, with Winnie, for no other reason than a long time family friend of ours lived close by, and the teriyaki bento was $5. What followed was one of the most uncomfortable experiences we ever had in a restaurant. As we were seated, we immediately realized that we had just been thrust into the middle of a huge family fight. There were no other customers and the young couple that evidently owned it, were verbally tearing into each other, swearing and threatening each other with divorce and other things in mandarin, as the two young kids there were crying incessantly. Really uncomfortable. It was hard to order and eat in that kind of environment. The husband barked accusations at the wife from the sushi counter, as she called him names while she ran the food out and took orders. The situation calmed a bit when he stormed out and we later saw him smoking in their small back door parking lot, as we left. Anyway, we swore we would never go back, even though, over the years, we drove by there a hundred times. Also, it didn't look like they were doing too well, since it looked like they were seldom open. You can imagine our surprise when we heard  the "buzz," that it had remade itself as a "shabu shabu" AYCE. And the reviews seemed good! Wow, now that peaked our curiosity, and of course, despite our first bad experience, after all these years, we had to go. And so we did, and you can imagine our surprise when upon entering, (I'M NOT 100% SURE,) it sure looked like the same "husband" standing behind the sushi counter, this time surrounded by the noise, clanging and clutter of a shabu shop, with a whole group of seemingly different staff. Except for the mismatched old style (gas canister) type of burners on the tables, (the same as you used at your grandmas house for hot pot, before you went to Ranch 99 and bought her a new electric one for Xmas that she never used,) the restaurant looked exactly the same as it did more than ten years ago, faded wood faux Japanese country style decor, old furniture, and a kind of (popular now) retro semi neglected look. What was different was the hustle and bustle of the staff running out big plates of thinly sliced rib eye, amid full tables of loud, semi drunk twenty somethings. One look at the menu told you why. In addition to the limited two meat choices, (rib eye, lamb,) with the $23 AYCE Shabu dinner, there is an All-You-Can-Drink option for $10 more, (Japanese and other beers, Sake etc) And drink as much as they wanted, was exactly what half the restaurant was doing. Mostly Asian 20 something office ladies, made up, decked out in "clubbing type" tube dresses, spiked heels, young couples, and college students, (with the occasional obligatory "kweilo" ) all getting plastered. The whole scene was pretty cool actually and we were happy to join in the fun. (We joined in with the neighboring table, and made some new friends, if the next day they remember who the hell this phone number on their screen belonged to. Haha.) But sadly that was the extent of the "5 star experience" for us. The food? Look, no need to lecture me about "real Japanese shabu being only rib eye," I spent years in Japan, lived in a purely traditional Japanese neighborhood, and went days without ever seeing a "foreigner." And I had Shabu hundreds of times over many years in many places, from "grandmas house," to expensive "name" restaurants, and I can say that this rib eye is average at best. Also, since it's not chilled and then freshly sliced (as all good shabu is,) it had the annoying feature of being room temperature and sticking to the plate as you lift it, and ripping into shreds, Also, the veggie, tofu, + noodle  selection is kind of sub par. All this in comparison to other shabu and hot pot restaurants in our fair city and surroundings. And that's where this restaurant lacks, in comparison to other places. The safety risks associated with using gas canisters aside, this place at $23 ain't cheap. I mean for $25, you can go down the street to Hot Pot Island and have AYCE with infinite choices of meat, seafood, veggies, noodles etc.,four broths and more. In comparison, this broth was kind of bland. We and our new friends had to add soy sauce to it. Truthfully, with a minimum of effort and ingredients, we could easily and cheaply duplicate this complete dinner at home. Additionally, they have the questionable policy of an automatic 15% tip added. For what? Service was spotty. We had to "flag down" for everything. And often, overwhelmed, they forgot to bring it. Def not 15% worthy. But it won't matter. This place's appeal is in the "nostalgia" it offers to the 20 yr old age group, of a past "innocent time" of hot pot at home, before they had to pay rent and bills. Nostalgic hot pot plus alcohol, a sure fire winner!  

                This place is a solid 4.5stars!!! I drive all the way from Daly City to eat thier ayce shabu and it never disappoints. Veggies and meats always fresh and service is awsome. They only have beef and lamb but its aight cuz I like it simple anyways. Veggies are mushrooms,  spinach, napa cabbage,  udon and clear noodles. At $23pp every day, its the cheapest in the city! Attn!! The tip is already calculated with your bill!! Its all good for me cuz when I came yesterday with my 2.5yo, they didn't charge him a thing. I ordered a bowl of rice for him and he eat some of our shabu stuff too!!! Gave him ice cream for dessert!!! It was an Awsome meal and experience.  The only reason its not 5stars is the parking. Parking can be pretty crazy and if you park in the lot, its tandem parking so you might have to ask people to move their car to leave. Other than that!! Thumbs up bro!!  

                Great food, very Chinese atmosphere. The servers were a bit cheap- meaning they serve small(tiny) portions at once. However, if you order AYCE, you keep asking, they come by sporadically. The soup is bomb, real spicy miso, and not water like mums.  Meat are sliced super thin and fresh, vegetables are plentiful and shiitake mushroom are yum. They are the first place with no enoki tho. I will def. come back. They totally deserve a 5 star, but minus 1 star for the horrible parking, and another for charging my 2 year old 6.00 for eating 2 pieces of meat and less than 1  serving of noddles. Blah  

                This review is long overdue.  I've been here a couple times now--we always get the unlimited shabu and sake.  First of all the meat is great.  Second of all, why not mix the ponzu and sesame sauce? Makes more sense to me.  I enjoy both sauces. Third of all, unlimited veggies is always a plus.  The napa cabbage always gets me. But the number 1 thing that makes me give this place 5 stars is the customer service, which is hard to come by nowadays.  Lisa and Julie are just the best.  Their hospitality, service and overall rapport they built with my party and I are just a huge plus!  Highly recommend this place!  

                Someone please explain to me why a shabu place charges a service fee?! We're cooking our own food. Sure you're bringing it to us but isn't that your job? Why add a service fee on top of tax, and also ask for tip? (note: it was a two person dinner not a table of six or anything)   The food was good. Service was horrible. It wasn't even busy, the waiters were just not paying attention. That's probably why I was even more upset- because I was forced to pay a service fee for bad service. It's probably the most affordable shabu restaurant, yes. But I'd rather pay a couple more dollars for better service.  

                Monday night, pretty empty. Service is slow. Had trouble flagging them for more food.  Customer and owner is LOUD! Cussing and making comments about random stuff in Chinese. Rude much?   Sauce is the only reason why I come with $23 all you can eat beef and lamb. Horrible that they charge you tip even when there is only 2 people -_-"  

                The absolute best.  I haven't been to any other places that serve shabu shabu except for this place, but I don't think I want to go anywhere else for it.   The AYCE is $23 per person and comes with beef (or lamb), tofu, udon and vermicelli noodles, tofu, mushrooms, napa cabbage, and spinach with your choice of broth. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE SPICY MISO BROTH. They bring you a hot pot of soup quickly and everything else equally fast, getting you started as soon as you sit down. In addition, you are served their delicious goma sauce (I think that that's what it's called) and I also recommend dumping in some of the daikon, green onion, garlic, and of course some chili. When you get the broth don't forget to put garlic and stuff in it to make it extra yummy.  Kufuya offers excellent service, even at their busiest. They will constantly refill you on meat, and you can most definitely ask for anything else you want more of (noodles, veggies, broth, tea, etc).   Great place to fill your tummy with the most delicious food to warm your soul. Top notch. Will come here forever and ever. Lol  

                I'm sad! I drove all the way here from Hayward and they were closed and yelp said they were open! I don't know who to blame..yelp or Kufuya  

                0o0o0ooooooo I LOVE THIS PLACEEEE!!! Although I don't to AYCE shabu a lot (so expensive, and I only really need one plate to get full), if I were to ever do it again, I would do it here!!! The price is niceeeee ($22), the service is awesome, and the food is delicious!!  I came in with 4 of my girl friends hoping that they would let 3 of us do ayce shabu while 2 of them would order off their normal menu even though we were sitting at the same table. Our waiter Simon let us know that it would be fine, so we were happy about that because we know at a lot of shabu places, the whole table has to get ayce.   Our dipping sauces and its toppings came out first. Right off the bat, you'll notice that it's not the typical goma and ponzu sauce, but it's some miso based dipping sauce that is DELICIOUSSS (I even had to ask for a second bowl after I finished the first). We were wondering if they had ponzu and the waiter overheard us, and he even asked us if we wanted some (good customer service!!!!). He brought us three bowls but we still decided we liked their housemade dipping sauce better. The toppings they give you for the sauce are garlic, daikon, peppers, and green onion!  After a little bit, our veggies came out. The veggie bowl comes with udon and glass noodles, napa cabbage, spinach, tofu, button mushrooms, and shitake mushrooms. My friends and I were wondering why they didn't bring out the pot and soup first to let it boil, but I think they heat it up back in the kitchen first so it's hot and boiling already when you get your meats (pretty convenient for people who don't like to wait... kind of). We ordered spicy miso and it wasn't that spicy, but honestly I wasn't really focusing on the broth because that dipping sauce was just... amazing. Our meat finally came out and us three started to dig in!! We only got the beef (we don't really like lamb haha) and it was so tender!! The meat quality here is really good, and the servers are super quick when refilling them. Most times, we didn't even have to ask and a server took the empty meat plate and brought out a full one. Also when you refill on veggies, you can let them know which veggies/noodles to leave out and which to bring so you don't waste any! They're super accommodating. At the end of the meal, we were all super stuffed (pretty sure us 3 had 5 plates of meat I think??? Impressive.... I know hahahaha).  I'd probably come to this place for individual single plate shabu instead of all you can eat, just so I can have that dipping sauce again!! It's THAT good haha.  OH and just an fyi, try to park in the front spots of the parking lot, so you don't have to move your car during your meal!! My friend warned me because if you park in a back space and you're blocking off someone's car that's trying to leave, you're going to have to get up (no matter what stage of the meal you're in), and move your car so they can get out. Just a tip! :)  OH OH and another thing. They automatically add a shabu tip of 15%..... Have no clue why.. Kind of weird lol  

                I can't believe I haven't tried this place until this past weekend, but I will never go to another shabu place again. This is it.  The broth, dipping sauce, meat, veggies, and noodles were really fresh and delicious. I thought the sliced shitake mushrooms were a nice touch as most places do not give you that. The garnishes to add to your sauce for your dipping pleasure were fantastic. The sliced, hot chilis and grated daikon were also nice touches that most other places do not give you.  The service was fantastic. They are really friendly and attentive. They regularly came by to check on us, and refilled our meat, veggies, sauces, etc. without being asked!  Lastly, the price for all you can eat is phenomenal. Such a good value for great quality. Love love love.  

                I've only been here twice, but I hardly remember the first experience so I'll speak solely on my my recent visit.   They have a small tandem parking lot next to the restaurant, since the restaurant is a corner spot. The spots were a bit tight, and I don't like tandem spots much, but way better than looking for street parking around Richmond district.   Came here with a party of 8, we made reservations so we got seated immediately on a Friday night. We all ordered All-You-Can-Eat shabu for $22 ($28 plus take and gratuity). I find that price quite decent for the way my friends and I ate that night hah. The meat dishes came in huge plates and thinly cut (which I liked) and the soup boiled pretty quickly; since they were probably warming it before they brought it out. We had unlimited supply on clear noodles, spinach, tofu, cabbage and mushrooms too. The sauce they provide you with is also very flavorful -- I loved it! They also give you sides of red peppers, daikon, green onions, etc to add to your sauce too. I would say we got our money's worth and it was delicious.  The service here is super friendly! They conversate with their customers and are very attentive and quick with reloading our veggie dish and meats too. Definitely will be back again someday when I'm ready for a huge meal.  

                I'll choose this over Shabu House any day! Perfect sauce with garlic, chili, onions and radish.   Their green tea ice cream is delicious too.  

                if your looking for a good price, great food, awsome service then look no further,  this is the place for you and they will try there best in making your anything spices if you request it, you have to try jackie's spicy tuna hand roll, all in all best place to go  

                This place is so freaking awesome. Service is wonderful, very attention unless they're busy. You just gotta flag them down when your eyes meet their eyes. What I love about them is that their meat has a nice fattiness to it and their sauce is very flavorful. But when the two combine...it's like your taste buds are swimming in a sea of flavor and awesomeness. Definitely one of my go to spots in the city for Shabu.  

                After the Chipotle Cultivate Festival in GG Park, I had a hankering for some shabu. We came upon Kufuya, which has shabu and sushi. We did the all you can eat with the all you can drink. We had to keep asking for more sake. They only gave us one big bottle of Sapporo. We ended up asking for more beer, but they only gave us one small bottle of Sapporo. Plus, they added a "shabu tip" to the bill. My friend took over the bill so I never saw it and he didn't even bother looking it at, which I wish he did or at least let me see it. For the both of us, we paid $41 each. This didn't make sense to me because the all you can eat/drink shabu was around $30.  No thanks, Kufuya. I'll go elsewhere for my shabu fix.  

                I think I should preface to say that the review is based on thinking that it was a shabu place, only to find it was more a hot pot. I actually quite liked the broth and the sauce, but I'd rather have a choice of beef and pork than beef and lamb. To each their own I guess. I had some rolls, but it was a mistake because we got too much food from the all you can eat.   Different note though, the service is phenomenal. My water and tea were always filled, and they made sure our plates were never empty for the meat choices on our all you can eat. All in all, it was good, but I doubt I'll be back.  

                When I went back to my hometown for a family visit. This is the go to spot when I crave for shabu. Is pretty far out in the Richmond district but I don't mind the drive for their super awesome shabu sauce. That what  make the whole experience heaven. Is their sauce. And the two sister bubbly personality. Their thinly slice meat with marble. Oh I wish I can have them right now. Is melt in your mouth. Is all you can eat with simple side in a bowl, spinach, mushroom, udon, tofu, and clear vermin chilli the thick kind with a little grey color. Trust me is totally worth your money. You can also add all you can eat sushi to your package for a up charge.  

                I came here this past winter break for a big all-you-can-eat shabu feast with about 15-20 or so people. I really liked their service here! They kept bringing out many plates of meat because the majority of people in my party were guys. Good quality beef, lamb, vegetables, noodles, and tofu but this doesn't beat other all-you-can-eat places like hot pot garden or some in the south bay because there are more expanded options and their menu here is more limited. I remember liking their dipping sauce a LOT, and they have some green onions and peppers to dump in for your liking. REALLY good spicy miso broth.. mm. You also had to ask for rice separately, but it still comes with the all-you-can-eat price.   Parking is pretty easy to find because there's lots of residential options. No meters hooray!  I wouldn't mind coming back here again to try other kinds of dishes here besides the shabu. But it's perfect for a cold SF day and if you're in the area.  

                Great standard Shabu Ingredients. Great Service.  2 HDTVs that play sports.  $22 for AYCE and + $10 for AYCE drink.  deeeeeeeals!  There is only one dipping sauce it is awesome; sort of a miso vinegarette.  And they give you toppings to put in it (green onions, garlic, chills, grated radish)  Only tough part is finding parking.  It can accommodate big groups.  Also this place can get pretty noisy.  

                Of all the shabu places I have gone to this one is the cheapest one and one of my favorites. At $22 for ayce shabu it's a pretty decent deal. The meat isn't the best quality but it's decent. I love that the veggie bowl is also ayce and you can request it to be refilled as many times as you want. I always get spicy miso as broth and it's not too spicy but you can def taste the miso and spice. There is lack of ventilation in here so you will definitely smell like your food. I also love the dipping sauce they give you, it's their own house made sauce. I also love that once you are done with a plate of meat they replace the place with fresh meat right away. I will definitely be back here again!   Total for 2: $55  

                Considering I'm not a super Shabu lover, this place makes me one for sure!  The sauce they serve here is DA BOMB ! It is so delicious, you'll for sure be begging for more. I have no idea what's in it or how to describe it but just go there and you'll see what the hype is about.  You should definitely go for the all-you-can-eat special. It's totally inexpensive and worth every penny.   My friends suggested this place for dinner on a Saturday night. Be forewarned, you should make a reservation as many people got turned away at the door as they were not accepting walk-ins. It's that popular!  Considering parking in the Richmond district could be a pain, I was pleasantly surprised to see they have a parking lot around the side. Super +++  Lastly the service is fast, efficient and they replace the Shabu plates quickly (you don't have to wait too long).   I'm definitely coming back  

                Kufuya is a cozy little shabu shabu house with quite possibly the friendliest staff I've ever encountered. I came here around 6 pm on a Sunday without a reservation. It seemed like they had some tables set up for large-party reservations, but they put together some other tables and seated us right away. Score! They do make everyone at the table order the same thing (either you all do AYCE or no one does), so be prepared. Food was great! Beef is sliced extremely thin for quick cooking, vegetables are fresh, and they give lots of udon. Love their dipping sauce too! The staff was constantly checking on us, bringing out more meat, refilling broth, refilling waters, etc. Despite the long line of hungry patrons that eventually formed, they never once rushed us. My only gripe is that they refilled the pot with plain broth, diluting the spicy miso flavored broth that was initially in there. Aside from that, everything was perfect!  

                Color me impressed! It's definitely a trip out to this area if you don't live nearby, but it's totally worth the trek. We made a reservation as a party of 5, and I was pleasantly surprised to see two burners set out for us.   We got tonkatsu on one burner and spicy miso broth on the other, and shared lamb and beef platters as part of the AYCE. We also ordered a salt and pepper ika dish and enjoyed it.  The staff was totally attentive and efficient; towards the end, we had to tell them, "No more! We're so full!" as they tried to replenish our plates. We loved everything we ate, and left stuffed and happy.  

                This is my favorite place for shabu!! And for $21 AYCE how could you go wrong?! I've lived two blocks away from kufuya for the last 15 years and only discovered it this year.  My boyfriend is going through a hot pot phase so We always try new shabu places that just end up being over priced and mediocre. We've been to kufuya probably over 10 times in the past couple of months and they never dissapoint.   There's always a table available for us and the service is great. Once we get our pot boiling the meat just keeps on coming! You don't even have to ask they'll bring a brand new place once they see you take the last slice. Their meat is so thin it just melts in your mouth! And it doesn't come frozen solid like at other shabu places.  What I love most about kufuya is their sauce! It's like the perfect mixture of ponzu and sesame. Their shiitake mushrooms are really good too, I use to ask for more all the time and now they just give me a bowl or plate full of it.  

                For these cold and wet days, this place hits the spot.  Didn't have a reservation, but for those with large parties, call ahead so you won't get disappointed.  Normally, I'm not an all-you-can-eat person.  But the price is right if you factor in all that you want and more.  We picked beef and lamb.  I was more partial to lamb.  We had the miso soup; there were about three (chicken and pork?) choices of soup.  I enjoyed the miso soup, not too salted. If your partner want their own soup, this is not the place.  Must come to an agreement. You finish your bowl of fresh veggies, you can tell them want you want and they will refill.  The service was great!  They really hustle.  I love the mushroom and they have two kinds (American and Shiitaki).  Had an extra serving of udons and glass noodles.  The house sauce was okay, but I ended up dipping and probably drinking it all.  One disappointment:  No free ice cream at the end. That would have topped off our meal.  The burner was great because it was electric (less scary then fire); we got to control it (no gas cartridge).  We came away full and satisfied. We bypassed everything else on the menu.  I'm sure if you came for shabu shabu, you won't have the stomach for other stuff.  

                Not too shabby shabu shabu. :D  Come early because it gets busy.   Can order extra noodles when you do "all you can eat". Even if you haven't finished all the vegetables.   Excellent service. It's an Asian restaurant where when you do "all you can eat" you don't have to flag someone down desperately every time you need something. I didn't know these existed.  Tandem customer parking.  Green tea ice cream comes with all you can eat shabu.  

                Terrible service. I walked in and they said I am sorry we are packed! Wtf . I can't wait?   So I ask how long is the wait and I get "well I am not sure maybe 30? "  Terrible greeting and attitude at the door. Screw u guys!  

                Good shabu. Wish they had more veggies. Got the spicy miso a couple times. I would try it if you haven't. Stick to the shabu shabu  

                The best all you can eat shabu place in the city!! It costs about $25 and for an extra $10 it's all you can drink too! Their broth and meat options are above average but what makes this place so unique and addicting is the special dipping sauce. The atmosphere is pretty laid back. I like how they have room to accommodate big groups. I've been here at least 10 times and never had to wait for a table. Also there is a small parking lot around the back which is very convenient because street parking can be difficult in that area.   Definitely a must try if you like shabu shabu!  

                Best shabu in town. High quality meat and service, which come with a lower cost than every shabu place in San Francisco. Occasionally when I crave for sushi this place can whip up some pretty darn good sushi, too. Five stars hands on.  

                AYCE for under $30? Yes, please! I believe their base price starts at $22 or $23, while all other shabu places get you at $29.95+. Kufuya is great whether you come in a small or large group, but if you come on the weekends be assure that there will be a wait.   Their spicy miso broth is good (not spicy enough in my opinion), but Shabu House's definitely wins over Kufuya. After a while, the Kufuya broth loses its flavor. This place doesn't do split pots, just one big pot so you can only choose one broth. If you have a large enough party, they'll give you more pots. The selection of veggies is the usual with cabbage, enoki, etc. The qualify of beef is good, but the lamb is a bit weird. It's thinly sliced and looks great, but the texture is grainy versus smooth. As for their sushi, it's nothing spectacular but it's good. The rolls are huge--not as in they give you a lot of pieces, but a single piece of sushi is quite big. Still tasty though.  Anyways, service is really attentive for such a busy place. They refill meats fairly quickly when you do AYCE and actually, they refill everything in a timely manner so you're not stuck waiting around your pot for food.   This place is great for AYCE, but if you're just looking for a regular shabu dinner, go to Shabu House instead. Kufuya is definitely more for larger parties having a party or celebration of some sort so it does get pretty loud in here, especially if there's drinking too.  

                Absolutely love this place! Very attentive and accommodating. You can't ever go wrong with $22 AYCE! Compare to Shabu House, Same sauce, Same thin slice of Kobe beef, their spicy miso broth is little different compare to Shabu House, not as spicy BUT you can always add more spicy to it. When ever you finish your plate of meat, they already have one ready for you, yup it's that goooood. I will definatly come back here again to feel my Shabu craving needs. Bye shabu house!! =P   Just a reminder, Tip and tax is already included, but still worth the $ saver and NO waiting. Love, Love, Love this place!  

