                I've been going to a lot of the other La pinata's over the years but this is the one I keep coming back to (even though it is the closest one to me right now lol).  For the price you always get generous portions, though I do prefer taking mine to go since the restaurant is so small its sometimes hard to get seating during peak hours. When I do interact with the staff they're always polite and friendly. But I have to talk about the food, which is always perfectly seasoned and never over cooked. My main go to's are the nachos and the burritos, though I tasted some of my cousin's enchilada once and was very tempted to swap with her haha.   Whenever I bring friends out to Hayward I always recommend this La Pinata because the price is right and the food is always on point. My only small complaint is that the parking can be a problem sometimes, but since the restaurant is so small its sorta expected.  

                Really disappointed this time out. Had not been to La P. in a long while and may be even longer after  this poor experience.  Never cared for the hole in the wall space of this place which includes a small lot and a bit of a sketch neighborhood.  At any rate, the Chile Colorado I ordered (meat) was totally dry and the sauce was like canned tomato "stuff"... gross!!!  Was by far the worse I've ever eaten. The rice was dry as well. Thinking they need a new cook???  I understand the food here isn't he most healthy so if I'm going to indulge it definitely needs to be worth it !!!  

                We really like the food here for the most part but it can hit or miss. We ordered the same items a week apart, the Super Famoso Burrito & the Enchilada dinner. The first time the food was an AWESOME, melt in your mouth, I can't believe I ate the whole thing experience. The second time, however, everything was dry & bland. And we had leftovers that we were thinking of just dumping. My sister brought a tray of their chicken enchiladas for a family party and it was almost gone as soon as it hit the table. It was soooooo good!  I really liked their taco salad. The shell was very yummy & their chicken nachos is really good, too.  It's always super busy here so we've learned to phone in our order and pick it up. We tried to dine in once but it's so compact and everyone's seated so close to each other, I felt claustrophobic so we took our food to go.  

                Lunch time in Hayward!    Score!!  This place was great!!  I ordered to a la carte tacos, one chicken and one carne asada.  Delicious the meats were tender and flavorful, but the best part is the HOMEMADE corn tortillas, probably some of the best I have ever had!!  The chips and salsa were okay too, the salsa was a bit on the spicy side for me.  The food portions are pretty big!!  Prices were very reasonable and well worth it!! Service was pretty friendly, they checked in on us regularly.  Street parking wasn't hard to find.  

                #9 La Piñata...  I was out with a few friends and we thought it would be a smart decision to eat before our final destination.  Most places were closed and I am not too familiar with the Hayward area; however, I do remember many late night meals at La Piñata...let's do it!  We meandered through Hayward and found the La Piñata.  We parked right out front and walked inside, looking for a table as they were pretty crowded--like I remember.  We found a table and seated ourselves.  A guy came over pretty quickly and wiped the table, gave us place settings and menus.  He brought us chips and salsa and offered drinks while we waited for our server.   While we munched on our chips we made dining decisions.  I located a chimichanga that looked crazy good.  A friend ordered nachos and green salsa, and another friend ordered enchiladas.    The food came out rather quickly to our table.  By now though, I was already full from the nachos, chips, salsa, guacamole, etc...not to mention the two HUGE glasses of water I drank to help cool off the spicy salsa!  Regardless, my food looked so delicious I just had to continue in my glutinous activity...YOLO!  My chimichanga was scrumptious.  The rice and beans that accompanied my meal were also amazing.  I loved the nachos as well--replete with cheese, jalapeños, sour cream, beans...yummie!!!  All in all, we made a great choice with La Piñata.  Though we were overly stuffed due to the HUGE portions, we were totally satisfied.  I had plenty of left overs for the next day too.    Stephani Smiles for La Piñata ;)  

                Usually I come to this location  often but it is the first time that we had such a bad experience. There was just one waiter, he was serving and cleaning the table as well. They were understaffed pretty bad. We had to wait a very long time to order and get the food. Very upset.  

                Closest thing to a home cooked Mexican meal!!! Me encanta el platillo de pollo en mole con tortillas de maiz hecho a mano !!! (I love the Chicken mole with homemade corn tortillas). Everytime I come here I'm never disappointed in the food.   One piece of advice, don't come here during peak time. Might be tough to find parking or a table. Phone orders are accepted too!  

                Chicken sopes are hella good.  Their refried beans remind me of the ones my mom makes.  Their corn tortillas are hand made.  Food came out quickly and the waitress was friendly.  The shrimp from my date's plate tasted a little fishy, but since that wasn't my plate, I'm still giving them 5 stars lol..  Parking lot is small.  

                There must be a reason why I don't come here often..... it's a hit or miss place.   This place can be easily missed while driving on Mission St. Located on the corner of Rose St. & Mission St, with a parking lot available. The interior is very Mexican-like, and clean. Each table has a plant on it to make things look pretty!   I've been here a few times and I always thought it was decent (for the good times)..but today was a miss and it was very disappointing. Ordered a regular carne asada burrito ($7). Their portions are fairly big and can fill you up quickly. Sadly, I was disappointed in my burrito. I came in around 4 with my friend, with about 4-5 parties inside the restaurant, including us. My burrito was super dry and so was my friends supreme burrito. I could only eat 1/4th and couldn't take it anymore. Waste of $7 today! As for my drink, I ordered a fountain drink (coke - $2.70) because of the free refills. My drink was never refilled. You have to wave down the waiters who just stand around by the cash register. Also, when we first stepped in and my friend said she was ready to order, the guy said no cause it wasn't his table.   I would've given this place 2 stars, but it's because I've enjoyed it other times. Back to La Victoria's by CSUEB!  

                This is the only La Piñata I've been too and I think it's great! They employees provide very friendly service and you can sit wherever you like. There's parking behin the restaurant anx on the street. It's a small restaurant with booths and tables.   So far I have ordered the sopes which are very delicious and the burrito. Before you order the waiter brings out tortilla chips and salsa. They're fast on filling up your drinks and bringing you more salsa. The food arrived quickly and I love that the plates come with a side of beans and rice! Yum.   Definitely will be coming here many more times.  

                Best little kept secret!  Food is  verrrry good,  

                Everybody raves here, I thought it was ok.  It was a large amount of food, it was decent, but I didn't think it was WOW or incredible.  It was just Mexican food.  It's fine, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.  

                I have been wanting to try Mole for years. I decided to try it here. It was such a large portion, I had leftovers for two more meals. The mole was SO good. Also, they are open very late, past midnight I think.  

                Great food Love the ambiance.  My cousin and I went there yesterday.  The place was packed.  Ordered shrimp burrito and veggie tostadas.  The server was very nice and double checked with us how the food was.  This place is open till late 3 pm. So if you feel hurgry and want to eat good food. This is the place to go to.  Must check the graffiti on outside wall.  Not to forget their chips and salsa is the best.  

                Crazy good QPR (quality-to-price ratio) making it one of the go-to spots around the East Bay.  My bro spoke highly of this place and for good reason, our lunch consisted of just chips & guacamole for an app and a split carne asada burrito.  Little did we know that the awesome people here would replace the omitted rice & beans (per request) for MORE carne asada!  Nicely seasoned, good char and enough to keep me full for the rest of the day.  Though not the absolute best Mexican I've had, La Pinata is certainly up there with insanely good prices and portions.  

                Authentic , flavorful , delicious cuisine !!! Great find on yelp! Close to freeway and affordable prices .  

                I used to come here very regularly with my boyfriend and even brought them some new comsumers. I would have given this place 3 stars. However, the last time I was here I was kicked out because of my service/hearing assistance dog, who was clearly wearing a vest. I have brought my service dog there many times and never been kickedbouy, which confused me. He asked what she was for,  I did not have to give him an answer,  but I did anyways.  His response was "I hear perfectly fine"  Rude. Never coming back here.  

                We got 3 tacos a la carte. Wow, they were wonderful. The highlight was the soft tortilla, which I believe are homemade and taste just so.   The salsa is amazing as well!   The atmosphere is charming and you can get seated quickly.   I hope we have the opportunity to come in this area again. I'd love to come back.  

                Me and son went to this place, I had the super famorso chicken burrito with green sauce. It came with rice and beans. The chicken was dry and the sauce taste like it was spoiled. The service was slow and this place is very small. I won't be returning  

                We've been going here for years!  It never gets old, I could eat their food every day.  The Super Burrittos are enormous and the chicken soup is great.    There are a lot of choices when seeking out a quality Mexican Restaurant, why go anywhere besides La Pinata!  

                I have eaten over 50 times at La Pinata.  And every time, it has been ok.  Nothing spectacular.  I would give it 3 stars, but...  On 10/05/14, I ordered a carnitas taco salad and 16 ounces of salsa on the side.  I ordered it to go.  when I got home, I found out that I had a shredded chicken taco salad.  I did not feel like making the trek back down to La Pinata, so I ate it anyways.  It tasted very bland.  The chicken had a stewed flavor, but not spicy at all, just bland like it had been boiled in water void of spices.  So after around 2 hours after eating it, I start feeling nauseous.   After another 5 minutes, I make a move for the bathroom, just in case.  After another 5 minutes of sitting next to the toilet, taco chicken salad came right back out, and tasted just as bad as going in.    I make a habit out of never going back to a place that got me sick, so why bother calling and complaining.  Food is not that good.  

                This is my favorite Mexican restaurant. I love the chips & salsa. Their enchilada sauce is flavorful. Red sauce has a tendency to be bitter from time to time. So it's always a relieve when La Pinata gets it right. The carne asada is marinated well and extremely tender.  

                Very happy with the food and I'm quite picky.   We had the burrito famouso and chimichangas.  They were second to none.   The horchata is perfect!   All fresh and tasty. It also looks very clean  

                Very bland, not real tasty. Beans were OK, rice not so much. Crispy taco, OK, tamales, not so much. Stick with the enchiladas. Nothing was great. Maybe bring your own salsa to enliven the flavor?  

                Best Mexican food in the bay I eat here all the time.  My favorites are chicken enchiladas, carne asada platter and the chicken and carne asada nachos are bomb. Everything is good here real authenic Mexican food  I recommend this place  

                Don't come during busy hours. You'll get no service.   -no menus -had to ask if we can sit down  -a waitress was sitting down and folding utensils in napkins  -clearly understaffed   Waited for 15 mins, received nothing at all, and left.   Will never come back to this location.  

                New fave place mmm delicious Def recommend and I live right down the street from it yessss  

                Stopped here on a family soccer trip from Sacramento. All I have to say is it is one of the best Mexican food restaurants in Northern California! I wasn't even hungry when I had dinner. You know how food can be so much better when you're hungry? Well I had to force feed myself, but it wasn't hard with this delicious meal.  Quick Summary:  One of the best pork tamales I ever had. Excellent masa. The salsa kept disappearing right off the table as the chips and entrees were devoured by all. Rice and beans cooked to perfection with excellent taste and flavors. All the locals at the door were telling us how good it was going to be while we waited to be seated. Place was buzzing with take out orders flying out the door. I'll never forget this place if I'm ever again in the area!  

                Honestly the best Mexican food I've ever had in my life and I eat Mexican food often! I don't live here so unfortunately I can't eat here as much as I would like. But every time I'm in the Bay Area I come here. Every single time. That should say a lot!   The wait can be a bit long if you come here at lunch time but it's worth the wait. I'm drooling just writing this review. Again, the BEST Mexican food. I've tried just about everything on the menu and everything is delicious. You must come here and experience it for yourself!  

                So far I have no complaints about this place. The restaurant itself is ADORABLE, but what I was most thrilled with was the designed takeout window inside, since that's what I ordered. I called in some chicken enchiladas at about 1 pm and they were ready when I arrived 20 minutes later. Super yummy. I would definitely go back next time I need some Mexican. Not expensive either, I think it was like $11 for my meal of enchiladas and rice and beans that it took me a couple of meals to finish.  

                Salsa that will take your breathe away... Or catch it on fire. I'm a fan, SUPER hot salsa.   I got the "la piñata" burrito that is a wet burrito with two different salsas, (didn't see this option at the other piñatas) and it was EVERYTHING! It's really really nice that this place is open super late and the price is right.  

                Best mexican food around! Love their chicken super burritos and bean and cheese burritos. We've tried so many other selections and have never been let down.  Love their food!  

                Holy giant burrito, Batman!!  This place is bang for your buck! A bit too much rice, I prefer less filler, but quite tasty overall. The chicken is white/breast meat, which is unusual at a lot of burrito shops, and the enchilada sauce made it even tastier. I'm excited to hit this place up late night!  

                My fiancé chose this place and the food and the service are excellent! I had the giant wet carne asada burrito and it sure won me over. So five star to this place and I would definitely come back here again!!!  

                I grew up coming here after church with my parents and whoever else decided to tag along and it was AMAZING. I had so many dishes I loved, staff that was so friendly and an experience that always had me thinking this was one of the best places. That changed big time, last time I was which was about a year and a half ago I ordered my usual. 3 enchilada plate with rice and beans on the side, the cheese was cold and not melted, sauce was a little bland, rice was so dry and flavorless but the beans, well hell the beans are all I enjoyed.  

                The fact that this place stays open till 3am is an automatic 5 stars!!! My bf & I had dinner here around 1030pm & the place was packed!! Their enchiladas are on point!! The prices are decent for the amount of food you get. Service & food was great!!(:  

                It's amazing every time I go. Open late nights and great service. I can't resist getting the burrito every time I go be use it is huge! And by Hugh I mean you want be able to finish it in one sit down. It's perfect for left overs and even better to divide in half and share it with a friend or love. The food taste fresh and well seasoned overall I'll always recommend especially if your feeling latin late nights  

                I don't remember corn tortillas this tasty outside of Mexico! All the food was fantastic, minus the chips which were a little too oily. I had a fish taco plate. Half size plate perfect for lunch. Friendly, fast service. Fun, funky, colorful little place. I wouldn't have come (I'm not from this area) if not for Yelp reviews; glad I did. I'll be back!  

                Great hidden gem in Hayward!   Pricing might seem high at first but they give  you so much food you'll have 2 meals worth for your buck.  The carne Asada tacos are amazing and more importantly the flour tortillas they give you are heaven in the form of tortillas.  The meat is super tender and pretty solid rice and beans too. Try the sopes as they're pretty legit as well.  One tip: for you gringos the salsa they give you at the table is a little on the spicy side, so order pico de gallo instead if you want!  

                This is the best mexican restaurant in the Bay.  Don't be tricked by the name, as there are a few other La Piñatas in the Bay Area.  The others just aren't the same.  Everything here is good.    My fave is the #5 combo with a crispy pork taco and enchilada verde.  I'm salivating just thinking about it.  

