                I can't say enough about Taqueria Limon! They catered my niece's wedding reception that we hosted at our home in Discovery Bay. The food was delicious! We had a taco bar with carne asada and carnitas. The service with the catering was superb and the price was totally reasonable. We would do the catering again in a heartbeat.  Since then, we have been ordering to go and have been pleased every time. I love the salsa bar. The mango salsa is soooo good.   They are an awesome addition to Disco Bay!  

                I was so excited to go here after seeing the great reviews and pictures but the excitement didn't last.   We went last night at 6:15.  As we waited to order I noticed how messy the restaurant was.  Now, I'm assuming there was a rush and they were short staffed but still you need to keep everything clean.  Plates were piled on the garbage, every table needed to be wiped down, there were no napkins at our table.  The salsa bar needed refreshing.  There was a tray of cold grilled veggies just sitting by the salsa.  Were people supposed to eat those?   Now the food looked great except the first bite of my burrito I had to spit out because it was all fat.  I only ate a few more bites and I was done.  Next time we want Mexican food we will stick with La Costa or Jalisco's.  

                Came into this place for lunch while working in the area. Its a nice clean little resturant, looks like it used to be a subway or something.  I'm actually pretty surpirsed that this resturant is here, cause I didnt think anything was in Discover Bay besides retired people and thier boats lol  As far as the food, I like to judge a place on its carne asada burittos & chips + salsa.  I Honestly didn't have high expections for this place, cause its really in a random location, but to my surprise the burrito was pretty good and reasonably priced (like 6-7), chips were under $2 i bellieve, but they come with your meal anyways.  Only thing I had a problem with this place was thier salsa bar is ehh, nothing really spicy, and the salsas they had out weren't all that. I ended up using mostly tapitio with my burrito.   Not a bad place for a quick lunch though!  

                Food is ok but workers very unfriendly and all tables were dirty. No one was in there but food and trash on the floor. Workers never acknowledged me so I just waited till one of them decide to come to the register and take my order . As I sat inside watching two other people came in and got the same treatment . Talk about customer service. What a joke.  

                Came here over the 4th of July weekend after a day out on the water wakesurfing and drinking with friends. We were all starving and my eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach.   I ended up ordering the cheese enchiladas dinner plate which came with rice and beans that I ended up devouring! It was seriously so good. We also grabbed a couple coronas. My friend ordered a wet super burrito which was ginormous! I also madhe buy the nacho fries which ended up being a huge portion we barely had room for any and had to take them with us. My boyfriend ordered a super burrito as well.   Solid Mexican food that was fast, friendly, and will definitely fill you up after a long day of boating.  

                After hearing about how good the food was here, I had to go in & try it for myself!  So I walked in & was greeted by the nice lady behind the cash register, I checked out the menu for a minute, saw that they had fish tacos & I was all over it! I ordered the 3 tacos with no cheese & no sour cream.. With a side order of rice, beans & guacamole. The tacos came out with 5min, and I was outta there!  The tacos are really good, the fish in them is like a long fish stick, lightly breaded & crispy, the tacos come open faced with plenty of lettuce & salsa.. Of course, I'm all fancy.. So I put guacamole on them too.. They taste great!! By describing them as great, that means that they're so good, that I'm pretty sure I'll be craving these again soon!  Good job to the employees for great food & awesome service!  Super convenient location also.. Anyone heading to the marina for a day out on the water should take their order to go!!  PS.. The rice & beans are also amaaaaaaazing! The salsa bar is also great too, love the verde salsa the best!! I put it all over my tacos!  

                This place is so freakin good!! They even cook their meat and chicken on an open grill. Best place I have been in a 10 miles radius. Last thing...who makes their own mango and pineapple salsas?!?? Uhhh this place does and let me tell you it was mind blowing how good they tasted. Coming here again this weekend :D  

                Was there for my fish taco's today at 2:00 and the 2 young ladies working got my order wrong then I got 2 cold soggy greasy fish taco's. Much better in the past Roger  

                Taqueria Limon is a new and welcomed addition to our community. We moved here 4-5 years ago from the South Bay and really missed all the great dining options. Then this place opened up.  My wife came home one day after grabbing lunch there and told me I needed to check it out. I semi blew her off until one day she brought home a carne asada burrito that I couldn't stop eating. I finished it, licking my fingers while she smirked at me smugly. I could read her mind: "I told you so."  Since then we've been back at least twice a week and it's officially our new favorite taqueria. The carne asada is awesome. The al pastor is really good, but my favorite so far is the carnitas. "Carnitas?", you say?  Yes. You'll swear off carne asada for life once you try it. The tacos, burritos, and enchiladas are pretty amazing. If you're looking to skip the rolled, wrapped, and otherwise complicated presence of tortillas go straight for the platillos. The serving is big enough to share and presents the meal in a simply organized plate of meat, beans and rice.  As for sides, the refried beans and black beans are both perfect. You'll feel guilty for not finishing the rice because it's THAT good. The salsas are original and there's a great variety.  This place is always busy, but once you go here once you'll understand why. Service has always been friendly, prices are perfect, and unless a massive herd just demolished the salsa bar, it's clean and organized. When you order they ask you about choices of things you never considered - like "would you like green or red sauce for your enchiladas?". It almost like going to grandma's house. She wants to make you everything you like and make sure you leave happy and full.  I only hope they keep things the same and never close. There are other places in the area, but none anywhere near this good. Yeah, they're new and figuring things out.  If something's wrong, give them the chance to fix it. Be nice and enjoy the great food. Taqueria Limon is part of our little town and they're on point.  

                Good food. The Burritos are humongous. The staff are helpful and courteous. The restaurant is clean. The only negative thing I can say about them is that they close too early. But, that's the "norm" in Discovery Bay. Everything closes early except McDonald's.  

                The wife picked up food 30 minutes before they were supposed to close.  She said they were already putting stuff away and cleaning up.......understandable.  Awkward while ordering, no big deal.  She gets home with our take out, I proceed to eat my three chicken tacos, I tell her it's cold, she says well it is really cold outside.  I get to my third taco and decide to spit out the chewy chicken to find it is straight RAW!!!, I then check the rest of the other meat which is not FULLY COOKED!!!  The bad thing is, she says they scooped it out of the little bin with the "already cooked" meat in it!  This place used to be good when it first opened and the (what I believe to be) owner was actually there (david?).  I hope I or anyone else that ate here today (1/4/15) doesn't gets sick because of this.  I posted a picture of a chunk I spit out....... Quality has definitely declined since they first opened which I REALLY didn't want to happen since this is the only taqueria in disco bay.   I DID rate this place a 5 star in the beginning but, now.......... I REALLY hope I don't get sick off of this.....I'm going to be PISSED!!!  

                Super nachos, bottled water, negra modelo for $12.00. Plus free chips and salsa. All great. Incredible value as far as I am concerned.  

                The food here is great and the people are nice. You may have to get their attention if they're in the back, but it's one of the best quick dining options for the Discovery Bay area. The burritos are too big for me to finish, so you won't leave hungry.  

                I've been here 4 or 5 times and have had pretty good experiences overall. I love the carne asada tacos and fresh salsas.  Today as a part of my order I  paid $3.50 for a side of guacamole only to get home to find out they didnt give it to me. C'mon!  

                BOMB FOOD!   I had there food once and it was sooooo delicious!!! Everthing from the rice, beans, salsa's, carnitas, chile verde, grilled chicken and the chicharon was fricken good!  I needed to have it again, so we ended up having La Taqueria Limon cater our daughters Quinceanera end of July!!   Our guests said the food was excellent and kept raving and commenting about how is was so delicious. We continue to receive awesome compliments about the food.   Special Thank You to the OWNER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  EXCELLENT FOOD AND EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!!  

                Used then for catering last weekend- 450.00 to feed 50 plus people, best deal, great food, awesome!  

                I just had the best carne asada fries and carnitas tacos on $1 taco Tuesday! Did I already mention that they cater??? I had it at a quince and it was superb!  

                I love the food here it's great and in general the staff is nice, however I do have to say there is one young lady who definitely should not be working with the public .. She is rude and makes the whole experience not an enjoyable one so I would rather get my food to go! Overall though the food is A+ I love their avocado salsa!!!  

                Came to Antioch to visit my sister so obviously had to make a stop at Limon! I had Carne asada tacos (tacos are $1 on Tuesdays and Thursdays woo!) they also have agua fresca which is my favorite. They were great and this place is totally my pit stop when I come to visit my sister! The sauce bar is also great with there mango salsa! I couldn't resist going back home without trying Dulce's Antojitos as well, both tasty places to try!  

                This place is great for cheap and yummy mexican food! Nothing fancy but definitely delicious!  

                This is a great new spot in a small town with not a lot of eating options.  Their salsa taste amazing.    I should probably give it a four-star because the last few times we've gone and they ran out of chicken but I think it's just cause they been busy so let's not ding them for that.    Great place give them a shot.  

                I came here for my lunch break a few days  ago and it was great! I only have 30 minutes for lunch and so I ordered and received my food so fast,  it was great. I got the enchilada plate which was so good! It comes with rice, beans, chips and salsa and everything was so tasty! They have so many different salsas at the salsa bar so I had to give them all a try. The biggest reason for 5 stars was because of the great service from the cashier/ hostess. She was so friendly and accommodating. If I normally worked near here I would come and try everything on the menu. Great place for fast Mexican food done right.  

                I've eaten here before and it was middle of the road food.  I just went to pick up some tacos, excited that this place was open until 9pm. I walked in at 8:45. Apparently they had stopped serving food and wouldn't help me.  Of course a restaurant has a right to determine when they stop selling food. That being said, then say you close at 8:30pm or something. I ended up at round table fml. They close at 9pm and hold true to their promise.  I watched two other customers get turned away along with me. Lame.  

                We have eaten here about ten times.  More than half of those times, they couldn't get our order right.  Last night was the worst!  They left off one of the items we ordered, and even after showing them on the receipt that we paid for it, they still weren't convinced.  My entire family ate, while i was still waiting for them to make the order right.  Finally took it to go, since everyone was done eating by the time i received my plate.  We definitely won't be going back here.  Do yourself a favor and go to the little taqueria in Byron, they have great food, and they actually get the order right every single time!  

                This place is good enough for those nights that we don't feel like cooking or driving further than 3 minutes, but it's not the best Mexican food I've ever had.   The chicken burritos are good, flautas and tacos are good. The cheese enchilada is ok but really small.   I did have a frustrating experience tonight when I tried to place my order to go. I always get good to go here. I ordered flautas and the lady said what do you want in your tacos, so then i clarified over and over that I did not want tacos but flautas. The lady said ok, but I knew she didn't understand still. My husband heard the whole conversation, so he knew to double check when he went to pick up the order and sure enough there were tacos not flautas. The person that rang him up (not the phone person) was very nice and fixed it for us.  

                Went to a Quinceanera recently and learned that La Taqueria Limon was the caterer! Still such great food, beans were amazing. I was feeding my godson and kept sneaking in too many bites for myself! I had the chicken which was so flavorful and moist. Thanks La Taqueria Limon for feeding my hungry self once again!  

                I am so excited to welcome a taqueria to our small delta town. I was able to call in my order (which earns major convenience points in my book), but it was a little awkward being put on hold and being able to hear others ordering.   My food was ready quickly and the cashier was wonderful. She noticed that the chefs put sour cream on my carne asada burrito bowl, and she sent it back to get fixed. While she was getting my order fixed, she was also fixing another woman's tacos, because the chefs mistakenly put guacamole on her order not once, but twice. Because of the mistakes the chefs had made on multiple orders, simply picking up my order took twice as long as I expected. This time felt even longer because of the frustration emanating from the chefs and the customers whose orders were messed up.   Based on the interactions I had while ordering, I initially thought I would only be giving La Taqueria Limon 3 stars. However, my carne asada burrito bowl was MAGNIFICENT. The beef was seasoned perfectly and their tortilla chips are some of the best I've ever had. If you're a fan of authentic and delicious Mexican food, give this place a shot!  tl;dr: the service from the cashier was wonderful, but the chefs could use some help filling orders accurately. Food was delicious!  

                Great food! Ordered a Carne Asada Torta and the meat was so tasty! It comes with chips and they have a couple of freshly made salsas to choose from (I hate canned anything). I bought an Agua fresca which was delish. Oh did I mention the meat in the torta was yummy? I'll definitely be back.  

                Asada tacos were very good not skimpy Must marinate their steak. Chicken enchiladas were good as well Super wet burrito was a hit Nice staff Keep it up Dbay finally has a good simple but flavorful  Mexican restaurant. I'm stoked J  

                Have lived in Discovery Bay for nearly 10 yrs.  We need more GOOD restaurants. Ortega's was awful.  Pleasantly surprised by Limon.  Chili Relleno was great.  Beans were like home-cooked.  Rice: light fluffy.  Good selection of salsa bar and treat: grilled green chili peppers! Can't wait to try  the shrimp tacos and beef tacos. Good selection of beers, lots of take-out customers.Heard they also do an awesome job of grilled veggies.  Prices great for quality of food.  Will eat there at least once a week!  

                Ordered take out tonight. Husband got home with our dinner and our order wasn't completely right. The Carne Asada nachos were missing the carne asada, epic fail, not to mention my husband said they were the worst nachos he's ever had. We also ordered 2 crunchy carne asada tacos, they were good, they would have been great if they were warm (they were cold). Husband asked twice if the chips were in the bag and the guy said yep I put chips in your bag, ya NO chips for our salsa. So needless to say we paid for a meal but didn't receive what we paid for. Not sure we will go back.  

                I was skeptical when I walked in because they looked disorganized behind the counter, however the food came out fast and was really really good!  I had carnitas enchilada plate with green sauce.  I was surprised by how good it was (meat tender, sauce popped with flavor, high quality of rice and beans, not too greasy or salty!)  Nice little surprise in the Disco Bay shopping center next to Safeway.  

                Went there today for take out for my family and the food was great and the staff was kind. I ordered tacos, burritos,  and ceviche! The ceviche was my favorite and it was Super Delicious!!! Can't wait to eat there again. The Ciccolo's  

                I ordered a steak burrito and it was 95% beans and rice. Salsa was good. Fast service. Decent price, if they actually put steak in it.  

                The yummiest chile relleno I've ever had in Brentwood!! The mole sauce is so good I can't wait to have it on an enchilada and the other half says super good chile verde, it's a hit!'n  

                This place is a joke.  I was there Saturday 8/16 They don't greet customers and they can't get an order right. I placed an order to go, when I got there I walked right to the counter, no line but had to wait 5 minutes to be acknowledged. 5 folks were working and talking amongst themselves. Then when I got home took a bite and of course my food is wrong. I called and told them about it. Apparently they have no clue about customer service. I asked them to make me another burrito while I was on my way to save time. When I got there, they gave me a refund and no new burrito. I had to go to MacDonalds for dinner. Don't go to La Taqueria Limon, they have crappy service, can't read the food ticket to make it the way I ordered, and just have no clue as to how to run a business.   Ortegas was 10 times better  

                Carne Asada burrito was full of fat and had a weird flavor - almost tasted burnt. We ordered 5 burritos for the family and they were all equally bad. Their "hot" salsa is mild at best. Overall, not a fan. I do not recommend this place. Go to Jaliscos instead - so much better.  

                Yum!!! First time at La Taqueria Limon and we will definitely be back! Had the chicken tacos and they were delicious! Loved the tortillas that were clearly made fresh to order here, and the chicken was tasty and well-executed. And a fantastic deal too! Three street tacos for $5.95!  

                So excited to finally have a great tasting Mexican place here in Discovery Bay. Everything is priced very reasonably and the staff is always friendly. Will order for take out a few times a month.  

                The meat is fresh and flavorful. Simple tacos made right. A HUGE improvement over Ortegas. Lots of salsa variety as well. I just got 3 tacos a soda and chips for $5.50. Taco Tuesdays and Thursdays for 1 dollar street tacos. Food was ready in less than 5 minutes.  

