                Finger licking, delicious food, great customer service, friendly staff, quick service, great selection daily in lunch buffet. They always have a achaar( Indian mango pickle) n chutney available that too free of charge, which is very rare in Indian/ Pakistani restaurants. The owner is always present and attends to all the customers- very refreshing change! Wish i could give 20 stars instead of 5!  

                Went there to pick up food after landing at OAK. The food was strictly ok. Ordered a Daal Makhani, Yellow Daal and Chana Masala.   Daal Makhani was extremely bad, I think they might be in the running for worst daal makhani.  Yellow Daal was ok, close to edible and with some taste.  Chana Masala was basically chana with some no masala gravy.  I would recommend staying away for this restaurant at dinner time.  

                Rice is dry. Naan was thinner than what I was expecting. I wish the plates were cleaner.  The lunch entree was ok, not bad but not great.  This place can be a lot better if it was tweaked a little.  

                Service was excellent, very friendly and attentive. The naan was cooked just the right amount for my taste, and the chicken tikka masala was really flavorful. The rice was a little dry, but the portions were excellent for the price!  

                My husband and I came up for his business trip and didn't feel like leaving the hotel. We decided on ordering Indian and this was the first restaurant to pop up that had good reviews and online ordering.  BUUUT....  We were charged for two orders of lamb curry even though we only ordered one, and when we opened our food it was a slimy, greasy mess. The best part about the meal was the garlic naan which was great. The food had decent flavor, but it's the worst Indian food we've had so far.  If you love Indian food, try somewhere else. This will only disappoint and frustrate.  

                My visit to Lazeeza had to be one of my worst experiences dining in at an Indian restaurant.   My party of 2 walked into the poorly lit restaurant to one other customer dining in on a Wednesday afternoon. The cashier was taking a phone order at the time. I wasn't sure if we were supposed to approach the counter or seat ourselves. We received no acknowledgment so we decided to seat ourselves. Of course, I chose to sit at one of the booths, which had ripped seating and food bits. There was still no acknowledgment from the cashier, who was still on the phone so we walked up to the buffet and helped ourselves. None of the food was labeled, but what was recognizable was salad, chicken tikka masala, and palak (no paneer).  Most of the food lacked color and flavor.   While we were halfway done with sampling our food, we were given plain naan by another staff person. The naan was good, but thinner than most places I had it and burnt in some places.   What's also a plus for me coming to Indian restaurants is the chai, but this place served burnt chai! You could smell and taste it. I'm shocked they served a bad batch of chai.   My party and I quickly paid and left to search for a better lunch option.  

                Good food , extremely nice staff. Hot naan...so full. Can be in and out quickly for buffet 30-45 or longer if you want to eat more. Back to work I go!  

                Ridiculously inexpensive, and average food. We chose their all you can eat buffet. They had about six different dishes and all of them were quite good.   I consider myself a curry expert and was very happy with a endless supply of tikka masala.     While the food was good, the people running the restaurant were incredibly nice and personable. That was the deciding factor when asking myself how many stars.  

                1 star for the good customer service  Overall the place is expensive for mediocre Indian food.  

                For a while now my husband and I have been searching for a "go to" place near our house for those (frequent) nights where we want food as fast as possible (without actually eating fast food.)  Lazeeza's is that place.  Both times we've been there we have gotten the buffet, so I can't yet speak for the a la cart menu but the buffet is great!  Go in, grab a plate,  and you're in business.  The server brings fresh Naan and there is an amazing milk tea that also comes with. We tend to eat at odd times and each time the place was nearly empty, but the buffet steam table was hot, full and fresh.  We went the other night and paid $12 each but the price might be different at different times of day.    If you live in the airport area, need to catch a flight, or are driving to a game or show at the Coliseum (or just want some great food at a great price) go to Lazeeza!  

                I got the buffet. It looked a little plain, but the taste and texture was all very good. Lots of good food for the money. Great service, very pleasant people.  

                I work close from them I always call to order food and I like how they cooked it's so delicious to  

                Extremely pleasant experience! I had a few minutes to blow before picking up my daughter at the airport. I ordered tiki masala and some naan. It was delicious. The waiter was extremely friendly. I can't say much more. I'll be back!  

                Lazeeza's lunch buffet doesn't have a posted price. dining area small, just a few large tables and a few small ones.  buffet entrees: mixed vegetables, bindi, chicken tandoori, chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, aloo baseen, channa masala.2 kinds of rice (9.99) -fresh naan brought to table, slightly scorched. -chai bland, no spiciness tasted. -meats tender not chewy, very flavorful. hit of buffet chicken curry not burning ass spicy, just right at medium  -veggie options few, -no fresh fruits, just lettuce and sliced tomatos as salad.  leftovers: -meats fab. -4 stars for lack of veggie dishes, no fruits. -service just bringing the naan -parking lot small.  

                This was the worst indian food I've every experienced in my life! The 12.99 + tax "all you can eat" lunch buffet, was disgusting, the condiments were disgusting. Don't do it. As Gordon Ramsey would say ...." I wouldn't do it to my tummy!" I paid for my food and left without eating 95% of it. The naan was ok, that's it!  

                I love this place!!!  The food is very flavorful - the lunch buffet has a variety of vegetarian and meat options - I'm no expert on authenticity, but it tastes authentic to me...  The decor and ambiance are a bit lacking, but the food more than makes up for it, and the staff are friendly.  

                OH MAN!!! was this place good.  i went for the all you can eat buffet.  i had the pakora which was perfectly crispy and spicy.  the eggplant bharta was nice.  wasn't greasy at all.  the chicken tikka masala (my favorite) had delicious sauce.  i used the naan to mop it all up.  (naan was fresh and fluffy.)  i also liked the chicken curry and the chicken briyani!!  mmmmmm.  chicken brianyi was spicy and flavorful.  they had that salty pickled vegetable chutney thing.  that was good.  i liked their chai, their rice pudding was good too.  the service was excellent.  i guess it was the guy who owned the place who waited on us.  he shared his special chai w/ me, so what can i say?  i'm won over.  the other customers were cool too.  they were from exotic places in the world.  everyone was happy and festive.  well....it is new years eve and all that.  but still....  the food was great, service can't be beat, the place is fun, everyone's nice.  what more can you ask for.    ....ok, it's not fine dining.  the booths are from back in the day.  so is the decor.  but that's not stuff i really care about.  if you don't care about that stuff either, you can't go wrong with lazeeza.  

                Update: No longer good, no longer recommended.  When this place first opened, the food was excellent and the selection was fantastic. I feel like this place used to cook the food that the owners would actually want to eat. These days, it caters too much to the average boring palate. Nothing is exciting except for the naan (which is still exceptionally good) everything else is just bland. It's now a drab eatery with nothing special except for the naan, which is still excellent.  I hope the owners turn this place back into what it used to be.  

                Came here for the lunch buffet. Roti's are awesome. Soft and well roasted. The entrees were good (I am a vegetarian). The kheer could have been better. The staff were very courteous and friendly.  

                The grossest Indian/Pakistani food I have ever had. The guy who greeted my husband and I was friendly, but the food not so much. We got there at 11:15AM and the FOOD ITEMS WERE ALL COLD except the rice in the "rice container". The chicken tikka masala tasted like it was cold and all cream, the goat curry tasted like "goat", the tandoori was chewy as if it was placed out from the day before, the naan was fresh but too doughy and not soft to chew.   I do not mind a place not being fancy, or paying for good food! But the food needs to be up to par! I am Indian and understand Indian and Pakistani food. Perhaps my tastebuds require more. But these reviews just don't match up to what this place delivers. I am pregnant and was craving indian/Pakistani food that wasn't made by me. This was a total disappointment. I hope to find a decent Indian/Pakistani Restaurant within the area...  

                Lazeeza is a hidden treasure!! Delicious food and awesome service!! If you are flying in or out of Oakland Airport, this place is a must!   I went to Lazeeza with a few colleagues while staying at the Oakland Airport Hotel. From the second we walked in, we were welcomed with big smiles and overall kindness. Two of my colleagues enjoyed the buffet available during the evening.   I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo and wow! This dish was spectacular! I don't usually enjoy spicy food, but the way Lazeeza prepared it was simply perfection. It was wonderful because the spicy-ness didn't overwhelm the flavors and curry of the potatoes and chicken. Along with their garlic naan, and rice, I was very happy.   Lazeeza was the highlight of my trip! Talking with the workers was great because they told me that the chef has had over 30 years of experience cooking Pakistani and Indian food. I wish them nothing but the best and hope to be able to enjoy another dish in the near future.  

                I tried the chicken vindloo with garlic naan. While the garlic naan was delicious and probably the best I've ever had, I was disappointed that the chicken vindloo was just chicken and potatoes marinating in grease soup. Next time I'll come back to try the masala... I really hope that it's not gonna be another disappointment.  

                Had dinner with my coworkers on a Friday night here, pretty empty at about 7PM. The parking lot was pretty full though because they share it with a motel.  The buffet selection was relatively small, I want to say almost 10 different items that weren't replenished well (probably due to the fact of the emptiness). Unfortunately, they don't have lamb as apart of the selection, they have its goat counterpart but I'm sure most people know that lamb and goat aren't exactly the same thing.  I thought their chicken masala wasn't buttery enough and the tandoori chicken was rather lacking in flavor. The Biryani chicken though, was delicious and complemented the rice well. Goat curry was fine, the curry is good but the goat was tough and tasted boiled down. There is naan, which you have to request, I suggest only getting the garlic naan. Their naan is light and crispy, the garlic didn't seem very fresh but not something that's super bad for its price.  A super plus is that they have ever-flowing Chai tea available to you through the buffet if you decide on it! (Not the best but not that bad, I didn't require extra sugar but they have it if you want it!)  So if you're starving and ready to shell out $10.99, go to Lazeeza!  PS- I was going to opt for the items a la carte but the person working there gave me the notion that there was a chance I would just be getting the item out of the buffet for about $8-9/item.  

                I did go by past Wednesday afternoon  to try the " enticing " lunch buffet i saw featured in the pics. 'n was very pleased I did ! Was told by the friendly and attentive new host " Yermiah Gil " , the tall dark Pakistani guy they serve the buffet until closing - a real plus and time saver. You self serve on the rice, curries and biryani and he asks if u would like fresh Nan or Roti breads n brings 'em out in a jiffy !!! I was rather surprised at the " all u can eat " spread for $ 12 !!! A hard find in the Bay Area I'd say ..... There was Chicken Curry, Chicken Biryani, Chicken Tandoori , Chicken Tikka Masala and about four Veg. selections plus Salad, Raita, Tea and Dessert. What a Value !!!!! All fresh, piping hot n great to the taste .... I'd return here - too bad I don't live closer. Brkly.. has no such offering to my knowledge..... Keep it up guys !!! They have a part room , cater and deliver as well .....  

                I really wanted to like this place. Came in for the lunch buffet today and was greeted by a very pleasant young man. The staff was more than welcoming but unfortunately the food wasn't as agreeable. The chicken tikka masala had an odd cinnamon flavor and the saag was very bitter. The first naan was good but my second piece was doughy. This coupled with the very limited parking (about 5 spots) and odd outdated decor make this a one off visit.  

                The only thing good about this place was the nice employee. Chicken vindalo was awful so was the lamb and rice was very dry.  I was so sad about this place.  Wont be coming back here  

                Very poor service. Ordered food came late told the server to make the food not spicy but guess what it was really spicy and I want there with my 6yr old kid. Ordered tea, had to wait 40minutes for it. Disappointed. But they have free wifi that earns them 1*  

                I found this place on Grubhub since they delivered, but the $35.00 minimum was a little much.   The flavors in all of the dishes I ordered were amazing, but my favorite part was the cheese and garlic nann as it tasted very authentic. All of my food arrived in a good time and the best part was that it came hot.   I recommend this place... especially if you're into nann!  

                I never expected there to be a restaurant here, right at the entrance of the Oakland airport! It was truly a pleasant surprise and even more pleasant when the service and food was also great! When I first walked in, I was sort of nervous because it was a pretty large restaurant and I was the only one there! All I really wanted was some chicken tikka masala and garlic naan, but I was starting to doubt my decision. Someone came to greet me and even after I had ordered, he kindly and enthusiastically showed me the buffet, explaining to me what each of the selections were. But I decided to stick with my order to prevent myself from eating more than my stomach can handle.  As I ate, the restaurant began to fill up with people, but the man still checked up on me regularly, bringing me water and napkins without me asking, and he even offered me some salad! The food was GREAT and I cleaned my plate to the very last drop of curry. I will definitely be back to try the buffet the next time.  

                The place has little parking.  We arrived around 7pm on a Sunday evening and had the buffet.  Bad choice because everything looked liked it was sitting around.  The only thing that was good was the naan.    The staff was very friendly though.  Maybe the food would have been better if we ordered from the menu.  But I'm reviewing the food based in what we had.  

                Food was good but they seemed ill suited to deal with anyone not there for the buffet.  But, they were friendly.. even if they were tripping over themselves in the service realm.  Great Nann...  Chicken Curry was nice and spicy.   Hubby enjoyed the Prawns.  People aren't kidding about the parking.  There are just 8 spaces.  I'm glad we walked!  

                This wasn't too bad of an experience, but the place is in a middle of no where between Oakland airport and 880 hwy. Being that we were not Indian or Pakistan, the service was decent. The food was a little old but that's probably because it was from lunch. The did have, on the other hand, a fresh pot of milk chia tea. That was great.  Rating Food: 2 (the food would have been better if it was fresh) Service: 4 Price: 2.5 Overall: 2.5  Might come back for lunch to see the difference.  

                I absolutely do not recommend this place. Seriously, we ordered chicken curry and it came out cold. There was a thick film of oil on top. The chicken tikka masala was okay bit it also came out cold. Do they make anything fresh here? Because I feel like they scooped it out of the buffet and handed it to us (at least microwave it, shit). Our naan was the only thing hot. Ugh... What a waste of money and time. Cheap doesn't constitute shitty food. No wonder Kanye was pissed.  

                im not hating on this place. this was my experience, BUT i always give things another chance...no hate mail please.  i ate here the other day and i tried to order food to go...  the guy at the front told me to hit up the buffet bar and he would get me a container that i could fill up with as much as i could.  being that I don't have gluttonous tendencies when it comes to indian food, i began opening up tray after tray of the grub and began to scoop one at at time...  i ended up only filling my container with the chicken biryani, chickpeas, and some type of chicken...  all of them were horrible. i know indian food pretty well as i spent the past 10 years in sunnyvale and santa clara...plenty of great indian restaurants around that area and I'm a huge fan of it all...  the food that i had wasn't good at all.  the biryani rice had chunks of salty flavor in it and i could only take a few bites of that before passing...the chickpeas didn't have enough flavor in the thing it was marinated with...and the last chicken dish was full of chicken that didn't have much meat of it.   am i blasting this place...no, I'm not. all I'm saying is, I'm never taking indian food from a buffet to go ever again, and i will make my way back to try these dishes fresh from the kitchen next time.  9.99 wasted, but ill try it one more time and readjust this review after I've gone again.  

                The people that work here are so friendly! I'm really picky about Pakistani and Indian food being as it is my favorite. My coworkers and I ordered food from them and it was amazing! The lamb biryani was so good and the portions were huge! If you are in the area make it a point to stop by this place is awesome! All of us at Coliseum Lexus of Oakland love this place.  

                I'm glad to have found this place. I came in expecting that they wouldn't have buffet at 8pm, but they did, and it was great! The food was hot and fresh, and most importantly, very delicous. Their naan (indian tortilla ;) was one of the best I've tasted. Everything was very good. Suhaib made us feel welcome the moment we walked in. He was really friendly and personable, checking on us regularly throughout our meal. The owner was also very attentive to the quality of the food and our dining experience. Great food, great price, and good people. Will definitely be back.  

                Pakistani and Indian food buffet is a piece of heaven on earth. Friendly staff and really flavorful food. Fresh naan is icing! Must try in Oakland. Very close to airport, too! Yummy for the tummy. Chai tea is a must try :)  

                I love this place! Me and my friend order from here a lot. We get the tandoori chicken, tandoori shrimp, and the onion naan. Very flavorful and spicies on point. The owners are so nice and sweet.  

                Delicious food, great service, great prices, very clean environment ... What more would one ask for?!  I have had the privilege of having home cooked Indian meals on a regular basis, and this place nails it right on the head with their buffet! Thank you so much, and I hope them all well in the future.  

                Overall perfectly adequate Indian place.   There's a buffet all day but since we were there around 330 and the food looked a little old we skipped it.   We liked the chicken vindaloo (spicy, lots of flavor). The mutter paneer was alright, but the lamb curry was bland. The naan was average.   I felt for the poor teenage son press ganged into service on his weekend off, but it was hard to get his attention.  

