                Delicious food! Large portions! And they always greet customers with a smile.   The spicy tofu with steamed rice is always a family favorite! This whole in the wall is deceiving as the food is top notch. Great neighborhood restaurant for Chinese food.  

                HUGE portions with fairly low prices, Lee's is a solid 3.5 stars. Lee's has easily become my cheat day pleasure.   Recommendations: General Tso's chicken Honey walnut shrimp (bf's pick)  Black peppered chicken chow mein  

                I love their thai basil chicken wings & salt & pepper chicken wings! Trying out the hot and sour soup and barbecued pork won ton and it was also good.  

                Friendly staff, great service and amazing food. The garlic noodles, salt/pepper wings and walnut shrimp are so delicious. Plus! The portions are huge. Love this place!  

                We hadn't ordered takeout from Lee's House in a while, mostly because the competition is so much friendlier.  But we decided to give it another try today.  The food quality has gone downhill while the prices have gone up.  The salad was plain iceberg lettuce--no dressing at all.  I ordered Kung Poa chicken..not sure that's what I got since it was mostly celery with a little chicken and a few cashews on top.  I'll go back to Golden House next time.  

                MMMMMM. I always get the black pepper chicken chow mein and boy is it delicious and spicy. I know what I am getting into when I order it and even have to eat the chow mein with plain rice. I know, why don't I just get something less spicy?!?!   A couple of tables inside but mostly a take out place. In a small strip mall never had problems finding parking.  

                I have been coming here for 20+ years and they have never disappointed. Their egg rolls and the stuff of legend.  

                I've been going to Lee's house since high school....over 20 years. Food is amazing!!! I love that when I call and place my very specific order that the lady always says "oh, hi my friend!!" When I go in, she's always happy to see me. Great service, even better food...lemon chicken is my favorite!!! If you live around here....you KNOW Lee's House!!  

                The luncheon menu gives you plenty of options to save some money and enjoy a generous portion of food. Not the best but definitely one of the better Chinese take out joints on the south side.   Since this place is so close to the hospital it can get pretty busy around 12:30pm with many of the hospital staff around for lunch. Try to beat the crowd by calling ahead for pick up!  

                This is my favorite Chinese take-out place. Why?  -They do not skimp out on meat -I always get the beef chow fun because it comes with a lot of meat. -The texture is good -The flavor is smokey and delicious!  

                Fast friendly and great place to gets Chinese food take out or sit in. I don't normally like Chinese food but this place I would eat it everyday. Much try to believe!!  

                We've really enjoyed all the chicken dishes we've had at Lee's House.  The General Tso's is the best I've ever had. The garlic noodles are potent, but they'll knock your socks off! The portions are huge, large enough to share between two people. We pretty much order from them every Sunday and have rarely been disappointed.  

                We ordered:  -GOURMET DINNER (minimum 3 peeps): This was a lot of food. Could've fed at least 5 peeps.   - HOUSE WONTON SOUP: this was good. I would order this again  This place was good for what it is and inexpensive.  

                5 stars as a take out! Call on your way home. Give it 15, maybe 20 minutes. Bring home fantastic food. Be a hero to the wife and kids. Must try the General Chicken.   Pro Tip:  They can make it SPICY. Just ask.  

                I've gotten food poisoning here 2 out of 2 times I've ordered from here. Racking up a total of 8-10 days of vomiting and other unmentionables.. stay away from the shrimp...  

                I dunno what they do to their shrimp fried rice, but it's addicting. I haven't tried many of their other menu items so I won't give it 5 stars, but I'm devoted to that fried rice, ya heard me?  

                Good food.I always order online for pick up and its always ready after 15 mins no matter how busy they are..  

                Great food! Good portions for the price!! Quick and friendly service!!!  

                This has been the Chinese food restaurant of choice for my family for nearly a decade! I absolutely love this place and have never had a bad meal. Their egg rolls are amazing and their sweet and sour pork is on point! I definitely recommend this place!  

                Love this place.  Ivan (owner) and his staff are always on-time, nice, and the place is super clean.  Ivan puts a lot of thought into this food - always top notch and fresh.  It's not sitting in a pool of oil or cold.  I have to admit that he always has large meat portions - not bits and pieces; usually large sized shrimp and tons of chicken and beef.  All the cooks are Chinese so you know you're getting the real authentic treatment.  I'd definitely come back here!  

                We've been going to Lee's for years, but recently (last 12 months) their quality seems to be going down hill.  In the last year, they have changed their noodles in their chow mein to these very wide, very chewy noodles.  They have totally changed the taste of the dish.  I went in last week, and purchased lunch, and when I got it home and opened it, the chow mein was very dark, and greasy. These new noodles now make up a large portion of the chow mein, with very little chicken, no celery, and lots of cheap cabbage.  It didn't taste good at all.  Gave the rest tot he dog. I believe it was probably left over from the night before and reheated.  :-(.  The rice was ok.   Guess it's time to find a new Chinese Place.  

                Been going to this place occasionally for over 20 years because it is so close to home.. Always been happy with what I came home with. I always have house fried rice or house chow mein in the mix somewhere.  I wish there were some other options/substitutions available in their combination meals tho.  

                I always look forward to getting my fill of Asian food when I am in town visiting family.  The options kind of blow me away since I now live in a town where you really have to make an effort to find Chinese food that is better than Panda Express.  There are a number of good options near my mom's house, but it seems that Lee's House is her go-to spot.  We ordered take-out, of course -- while there are tables in the restaurant, it's not really the best of atmospheres.  I had to laugh that there was some sort of kitchen nightmare program playing on the TV when we went to pick up our food.  We tried a selection of dishes, my favorite being the salt & pepper prawns.  Yes, they are deep fried, but a very simple preparation that allowed the flavor of the prawns to shine through.  We also had the house special won ton soup, chow fun with pork and prawns, broccoli beef, and moo shu pork.  All were much better than I could hope to find in Ft. Collins, if indeed they could be found.  I appreciated that the pork was char siu an not just plain old pork.  The chow fun had curry seasonings -- not my favorite, but my brothers seemed to enjoy it.  I think I'd stick to the house special noodles next time.  

                I called this restaurant for two days trying to speak with someone that could understand English and got hung up on four times.  I was going to use Lee's House for a catering event but I couldn't talk to anyone because the one person that answered the phone always said 'I don't understand' and then hang up.    POOR SERVICE!!!  NOT GOOD FOR CATERING- CAN'T EVEN FIND SOMEONE THAT DOES UNDERSTAND.  

                This has easily become a guilty pleasure for me and something that I routinely crave, which is fairly rare for my eclectic food palate.   I've never been in to the restaurant, as the fella tends to drive there and retrieve our carry out, but I'm not too concerned about the ambiance for a place that is specifically titled "Chinese take-out".   There are two dishes we MUST have when eating at Lee's (mind you, this is from the perspective of a vegetarian diet, so I have no exposure to their more popular meat options): the fried wontons and the veggie fried rice.  The wontons are prepared, I'm sure, from the very bowels of the devil's kitchen, as they are virtually crack for me. They're the huge thick wonton wrappers, not the measly little triangular ones. The amount of grease ingested when eating these makes me feel like I should run a marathon after consumption, just to try to burn off some of the copious amounts of fat, but... Who can move after devouring a giant box of wontons dipped in sweet and sour sauce...?  The fried rice has been super solid every time we've ordered it. And by solid, I mean fresh with the perfect texture. They put just the right amount of vegetables in the rice, and it's pretty much perfect with just a bit of the sauce from the Broccoli with Mixed Veggie dish we've ordered.  Looking forward to trying some of their other veggie dishes. They're definitely worth the drive in to town for some mega-fulfilling Chinese food.  

                Used to be 5 stars.  My wife and I would get take out from here about 3 times a month.  Then, a few trips ago, the food was really bland.  Ok, it happens.  Then 2 times ago, again, bland, and soggy.  Last trip was also bland and soggy.  We're really sad that the food has slipped here, but if you have to add salt to Chinese food, something's wrong.    We're going to try one more time, but unless the bland days are over, we're moving on.  2 stars for the recent food. 3 stars for the service (they're always fast and friendly)  

                Good for cheap quick Chinese food in my area. Although they did change the breading on the fried shrimp appetizer, its still good. The giant egg rolls are the best. The honey walnut prawns are my favorite. The hot and sour soup isn't as good as Won Kee in Milpitas, but that's completely authentic Chinese over there....  

                Tasty and quick take out.   It appeared very clean.  The people working here are very friendly.  Good selection on the menu.  The jalapeño wontons are a fun treat. Most Chinese food in the US is not "authentic." The food here is what I would then call atypical from the fare I'm used to. The breading for fried items is chewier than I've had in other places.  

                The girlfriend and I just finished our first and last time at this place. Here's what we ordered:  Spicy Mongolian Beef: Did not eat nor try due to the wicked stench. Having tried and love Mongolian Beef, I was very disappointed with this. I was sprayed by a skunk last week and that smell was more pleasant than this dish.   Orange Chicken: meat to batter ratio was bad (a lot of batter). A lot of the chicken wasn't covered in the orange sauce. Chicken quality wasn't that great. Than again, most Chinese places have the same issue in my opinion in regards to meat quality.   Sweet and Sour Chicken: Same issues as with the Orange Chicken.   Chicken Chow Mein: Had a burnt and smokey flavor to it. Chicken was fairly good as was the quality of the meat. The added ingredient of a small, thin, blue sheet of plastic was an added bonus. Sadly, the chow mein was my second favorite item out of our order.   Pork Fried Rice: Respectable. Nothing amazing  Pot Stickers: The best item out of the bunch.   Steamed White Rice: Fantastic!  

                I've had takeouts here many times, and am finally writing a review after trying their new dish: garlic noodles. It was recently added to the menu, and I have to say I am HOOKED! I just had two servings of it, and am still craving for more!   Lee's House is definitely our local favorite for Chinese takeouts. The food is reasonably priced and tasty. Service is fast and friendly. We order, pick up and eat.   I think we've tried almost everything on their menu, but I have to say that the garlic noodles and their non-traditional egg rolls are now my two absolute favorites!! Their egg rolls are not wrapped in the traditional egg wrapper. It's more like a hot pocket of goodness. I just love the crunchy texture outside and the hot, delicious stuffings inside. Oh so good that I wished I had ordered the egg rolls with the garlic noodles. Damnit! Maybe the hubs will be willing to pick up an order...  

                i'm a little disappointed with the garlic noodles. i was expecting that garlicky flavor blooming in your mouth. this tastes like chow mein with hella hot sauce. (you have a choice: mild or spicy.) & i love spicy food, so of course i got spicy. possibly it can be the hot sauce taking over the garlicky flavor, but it's still not that great in my opinion. i've had better at yard house & kickin' crab. lol.  i also ordered their honey walnut prawns. that was really good! it was on top of some fried wonton strips, pretty interesting. my son seems to like it too.  i think i'll give this place another try and get something different. with all the great reviews, there has to be something great about the food.  

                Never had a bad meal here at Lee's House Chinese Food. Been going here for over 20 years. Food is always consistently good & usually quick with the order. Love their chicken chow mien & shrimp fried rice. You can't go wrong with anything here! Yum!  

                The wife is sick, and she's in the mood for some Pork Won Ton Soup. She's heard the food was solid at LEE'S HOUSE from a few fellow teachers in our area. I called in the order: one Pork Won Ton and one "dinner special" for me. The dinner special was an Egg Roll, Sweet & Sour Chicken, Pork Fried Rice and Chicken Chow Mein for $7.95.  The wife seemed to enjoy her Won Ton soup. I, however, thought my special was just ok. The egg roll had major potential - it was big and crunchy but it was luke warm. The fried rice was pretty good, the chow mein was meh, and the sweet and sour chicken was actually good.   The portions were generous, but the food was nothing more than ok. I'm in no hurry to return, but it's not bad either.  Yawn... 2.5 stars.  

                The place was clean looking.  The menu was decent. The egg roll was ok, crispy and tasty with the sriracha chili sauce. The sweet a.n sour pork was good. Could have been a bit more. The sauce was light so, I enjoyed it. The BBQ pork fried rice was ok. The taste was acceptable. I am not a fan of chow mein, but the chicken was good. The whole meal was ok. A lot of food for the price.  All in all I would say it is a decently priced meal.  

                I have been going to Lee's for 34 years. I lived across the street in the apartments when I first found them, after moving to SJ. I remember when the original owner's kids were small and they would help behind the counter. It was a family affair. They are all grown up now. I have since moved across town but I have NEVER, EVER found any Chinese food that would replace Lee's, so I drive across town to Lees when I need a Chinese food fix. . I have been to places in different cities and different states and different restaurants and none of them come close. I am a life long customer.  

                Still my go to place for Chinese fast food.  Now they're open all afternoon instead of being closed for a couple of hours between lunch and dinner.   They also now deliver during dinner. You have to order a minimum of $25, but that's easy to hit if you're eating with friends or family.   I love their jalapeno wonton poppers. I order them practically every time I go here.  

                We love places that deliver and after picking up T0 GO at Mandarin Garden we feel Lee's is not only valued based, deliicious food and delivery.  We are SOLD! Teh prawns were crispy, the house fried rice is amazining, the only remark I would make is too much celery in the Kung Pao Chicken. And not super spicey as we requested.  This was our first tme orderin from Lee's although we've lived here two years and shop at Safeway, visit the Cleaners and Togos!  I must say though we will order again from Lee's.  Outstanding value with delivery!  Thank you,  

                Huge portions, delicious food.  Can't beet it for the price.  This is my new go-to spot.  The Hawaiian fried rice is off the hook!  

                That's good takeout! The place was busy. The young man at the register was really great and very friendly.   I had the szechuan beef and was really surprised. Lots of beef and large veggies. Not all veggies and not all carrots. The beef was extremely tender and the portion was huge.    Online menu needs updating in a bad way though.   I don't know why I've never tried this place before. I'll definitely go back and try something else.  

                Ate here many times. Definitely worth the money you pay, which is under 10 for a meal. They cook it fast and I've never been disappointed.  

