                This is my second time coming here and omg it is such a great place.  First of all the atmosphere here is lively, noisy and just feels very  casual and exciting.   The staff is super awesome, the owner was incredibly friendly when we walked in and our server Jana was a blast. No complaints here.   The food and beer... I had the ghoulash amd my friend had the braised short rib.... And holy fuck!  That's all i can say really. AHHMAZING!  I love to cook and go out to eat at different places and I've never eaten something so incredible before... Dammit im hungry now. Cutting this short,  you can't go wrong with anything here. Well we ended up trying the meay platter as well and had a few beers. I love this place.  

                I had never been to a German/Austrian restaurant before. I was visiting from the LA area and my friend who lives near this restaurant said, "This place is different. You don't have something like this where you live." He was right. At least, there's nothing like this place anywhere near my house.   We came in on a Sunday night. It was pretty empty inside. There was literally one or two other occupied tables so at first I had my doubts. But when we sat down and our waitress came over dressed in what I assume is typical German garb, I thought it was pretty cool. Plus the decor inside was unique and German Austrian as well. The waitress was very helpful in recommending dishes, since neither I nor my wife had any idea what to order. She said the Weiner schnitzel is a pretty typical German dish so I went with that. My wife got the short ribs. I really enjoyed the schnitzel. It was awesome. The ribs were just ok, a bit dry. We ordered an amazing seasonal amber ale but since my friend picked it, I don't know what it was called.   The waitress came back multiple times to check on us. She definitely gave us good service, probably because it looked like she didn't have any other tables, but it was good nonetheless. This place looks like a lot of fun when its crowded but we had a great time when it was empty too.  Next time, I must try the das boot. I don't know how much beer it is but its huge. And I'm gonna 'spin it!' near the bottom (for all of you who have seen Beerfest). I vaguely recall the prices being a little higher than I was expecting. I believe the entrees were in the $20-30 range but since my friend picked up the tab this time, I can't be totally sure. But next time I'm in SF, I totally down to come back.  

                As an Austrian living in San Francisco I sometimes miss that kind of food. The "Käsespätzle" at Leopolds are extraordinary and really taste like home.  As a vegetarian I do not have that many options in this restaurant but I accept that since there are not a lot of vegetarian dishes in the Austrian cuisine anyways. From the desert menu I tried the Linzertorte and the Apfelstrudel. I did not quite enjoy them, but I can assure you that is because I never enjoyed them at home either. Sweet food is just not for me.   What I miss at this restaurant is Gösser-Beer. If you serve Austrian beer then please at least serve good Austrian beer. (That's why I only gave this restaurant 4 out of 5 stars)   But yes, I'd totally recommend this restaurant to people who enjoy hearty, tasty Austrian/German cuisine.  

                Best Austrian food hands down! Have to say that it even beats a lot of the food that you would find in Vienna, Austria!!! I loved this place! The decorations make you feel like you are at a pub in Austria. The location is back in a quiet neighborhood and gives an authentic feel to it. They have amazing food and a very wide selection of German beers and Wines.   They have great sizes for their beer selection including the German 1L, 2L and a 5L Das Boot!!!! Be warned with that one, you definitely will feel it.   This place is a must try!  

                Came in on a Saturday night around 10:30 PM looking forward to ordering their HUGE Munich-style pretzels (offered Thursday-Saturdays ONLY) and House Made Salami Platters. A rather burly man with a beard working behind the bar handed us menus and then, literally, five minutes later rudely informed us the kitchen was now closed. There was no forewarning letting us know the cooks were shutting clocking off and, after checking online, their website clearly states that dinner is served from 5:30 PM- 11:00 PM (on Fridays and Saturdays). So, unfortunately, service-wise I'd rate this place a 0/5!   This bar is decorated top to bottom with Austrian antiques (i.e. deer antlers, old paintings and photos, wood benches as tables, etc.). Even workers stay in character as they dress in traditional Austrian wear--too bad they aren't too friendly.  My friends ended up ordering a "2 LITER BOOT"... literally a HUGE BOOT filled with any draught beer of your choice! They have many choices to pick from including Franziskaner, Hoegaarden, Bitburger, Spaten, Stiegl, etc. If you don't care for beer they also offer various types of red and white wines.   Since I never got to actually try their food, this rating is based solely on Leopold's service (0/5) and ambiance (2/5). It gets pretty crowded here during the weekends, seating is limited, and don't think about sitting at the bar because it is extremely small and cramped--- I don't even know if they offer seating. Either way, I won't be coming back here due to the fact that they decided to close the kitchen 30 minutes early---even though the restaurant was packed and more than three separate groups inquired about their food, the bartender was rather rude, and even the waitresses gave off a bad aura as none of them appeared to be in a good mood.  

                Ways and means.  Remixed by a popular German DJ: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DRAch3IlnGoU&s=4d9f45db99aa332bb1a3dd4ead83d58f0ee3b4875623e56510ee5504a7783ded" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">youtube.com/watch?v=RAch…</a>  Way to get into this popular German restaurant: Have dinner at 6:30 and brunch just after 1. Both times we were able to walk right in.  Mean it when yours truly says get it:  - Delicious homemade pork sausage with arguably the best sauerkraut ever  - Great apple strudel made incredible with a vanilla sauce topping  - Waffle brilliantly soaked with fruit juice and whip cream  - Strips of tasty cured salmon complemented with an indulgent potato pancake  Grilled chicken and three egg, veggie and sausage omelette rounded out both meals. Too much cream on the former and nothing distinctive about the latter.  Beyond the food you'll find an enthusiastic staff and vibrant atmosphere with plenty of German accents. Such as pretzel art. World needs more of this.  At almost $50/person for dinner (with beer) and $20/person for brunch (with coffee) can't quite give the popular fifth star. Very good but also a bit expensive.  Way to still get a mean four.  

                In a city full of amazing European cuisine, Leopold's hold itself high for its German appeal to us crazy American.  The second you walk in, you're greeted by someone in their dirndl or lederhosen.  What more could you want when all we think of Germany is Oktoberfest?  The funniest part is that it's an Austrian restaurant, haha.  They installed larger TV's last year for the World Cup and it has become a very good local sports pub with great food to have with your boot of beer.  Great location as it's located nearby multiple other bars.  Definitely worth a visit for a game, date, or evening meal.  

                That hit the spot! Also they have a fine German beer on draft, BIT BURGER! ...but, it is empty....wtf?  ...it's all good...maybe next week?  

                Super good! Loved the ambience and cheerful greeter and servers - it was definitely a fun beer-hall atmosphere with delicious, traditional Austrian food in goodly-sized portions.   I had a dunkleweiss and the choucroute platter (hello tasty pork), which was great with the exception of the ribs (pretty dull flavor- wise). The other meat, potatoes and sauerkraut were yum.  I did make room for dessert and enjoyed their apflestrudel with coffee (the coffee was so-so, but it's not like it was an Italian restaurant where I would have expected perfection).   Totally worth a visit, especially if you like a lively atmosphere.  

                Had called to enquire about something and the person who answered my call was extremely rude and hung up on me twice and didn't pick up the third time and let it go to a voicemail. If the service on the phone is so bad I can't imagine how awful it would be to go to this restaurant.  

                Claus at the front door makes Leopold's a hoot, definitely chat him up. The atmosphere is fun and social. Start with a delicious German beer. The chicken schnitzel was great, but I suggest the Choucroute Garni platter.  

                I would not recommend this place if you're recovering from a hangover due to the rich flavors in the food. HOWEVER, I would recommend this place in all other cases. :)  If you are in full health or any other state that could support rich comfort food, this is is the perfect place. I came here (having just recovered from a hangover.. so bear with me) with a good friend and I have to say together we ordered two of the best dishes.  We started with dessert - the Apple Strudel. I was expecting the usual Safeway brand strudel with a meh crust and covered in overly sweet icing. I WAS VERY WRONG. I had a foodgasm at 11am, people. My friend and I just stopped mid-sentence and just soaked in how delicious this dessert is. The waiter next to us asked us if we needed water, but we were at a loss for words. In fact, we had left reality and dived into apple strudel heaven - just for 5 minutes.  Then our main dishes came. He got the battered poached eggs and I got the stew. I unfortunately couldn't stomach the rich stew due to my hangover. I was kicking myself for wasting such a good dish, but from what I could enjoy, it was amazing. I also got a lot of "ooh"'s and "ahh"'s for the interesting pattern my sausage came in.  Either way, I need to come back (hangover free) and explore more dishes here. :)  

                With Yelp at my helm, I sailed by the Golden Gate bridge, full steam into Picky-dom,  ecstatic for being in San Francisco after so many years absence.  I admit, I feel like anything less than a 4 star average rating these days should be ignored.  At least until I have exhausted all that 4-5 stars has to offer. San Francisco Yelpers made it easy to choose what should go in my mouth next.  It is so easy to be picky in SF.   Leopold's review count had reached 678 and had a nearly 5-star rating.  That, and an enthusiastic personal recommendation from one of my own trusted family members, meant I'd better get my bippie down there early in the evening.    What was I thinking?  A Saturday night.  In one of the foodie capitals of the world.  It was Octoberfest for this Austrian restaurant, and Fleet Week for the city.  Add to that many a Giant's fan already ensconced and lubricated, watching a big Giant's game at the many bars that line Polk St. nearby.  Parking?  Nearly impossible.  We happily parked about 4 blocks away in small Walgreen parking lot for $15.  Leopold's lack of sports TV did not hurt it's popularity that night.  The wild and crazy patrons here had already ramped it up quite a few notches, celebrating with amazingly hefty glass boots of Bavarian beer. They were feeling no pain.  And having way too much fun.  It could have meant a long, long wait.  But luck was with us, we waited a mere 15 minutes.   The din inside was unimaginable. Tough when trying to order.  I thought I had ordered a sampler platter, but what was brought looked nothing like described.  My waiter apologized profusely, and instantly made that situation right.  Snap, snap, and out came my chosen dish,  a beautiful, homemade brat, two thick slices of  smoked pork, two pork ribs, and some of the best sauerkraut and potatoes I had ever sunk my teeth into, with a daub of spicy yellow mustard as a final touch. My dish was great, with the exception of the ribs, too lean and dry although the flavor was excellent.  The rest was wonderful.  The tender beef goulash came in a deep rich paprika based gravy, the little nuggets of spaetzle were incredible.  I really thought I didn't like those doughy little lumps.....until I tasted their tender, buttery rendition.  This dish was a good recommendation from our waiter.  And Mr. B was happy.   The dessert was just ok.  Maybe flourless chocolate cake is not a Bavarian thing?  Deep, dark chocolate but kind of dry.  Not on my recommendation list.  Overall, great atmosphere...Asian men in lederhosen and feathered alpine hats, those huge steins of beer delivered by muscle bound misses in Heidi-like costumes, a very friendly and authentically Austrian owner, and a very attentive unflappable server, all right in step.    But even though I couldn't wait to leave to see if I still had the ability to hear....this was a price I was willing to pay for great Austrian food!  

                This place is perfect for when you're super hungry, in the mood for a hearty meal, and you dont want to f*ck around with shitty beer.   I really enjoyed the atmosphere - the waiters dress in Austrian outfits and the whole place has got a very cozy and warm vibe going on that makes you want to stay for hours.  

                The schnitzel is great, especially with an extra order of lingonberries.  Good selection of beers including at least one rotating handle, available from half to multiple liters.  Fantastic staff and atmosphere, though it can get (authentically) loud.  

                This place was very fun.  Ordered Das Boot- 2Liters of beer.  I recommend splitting it, it's a lot. All German beer.  My friends and I went big.  Charcuterie board is very generous portions of delectable and delicious charcuterie.  Also ordered trotters, very rich and delicious,. Schnitzel, charcrute, goulash, and a few other things.  All very tasty and delicious.  I heard about this place from other friends in the industry.  I was excited to go there and eat and drink with my friends.  This place came through and I'm looking forward to my next visit.  

                Had the lamb shank special. It literally fell off the bone. It's a rowdy place and if you love German (so sorry ........Austrian) food you'll love it. It was what you want: hearty and filling and perfect with a cold German beer.  The dessert was the Linzer torte, extremely sweet and something you might pass over for the mousse. Very good but not great. But no bread with a stew entree????? C'mon It filled me and  I will go back.  

                I love this place - it's fun, homey, and really reminded me of a smaller scale of the beer hall in Munich. However, Germans don't drink with the boot really, it's more like an American thing such as the so called German chocolate cake.   Food- if you are a vegetarian this is not your cup of tea. I eat seafood but still had a hard time finding something on the menu. Had the salmon and butternut squash ravioli, the dishes were decent, but not super impressive.   The wait was about 30 mins for a party of two on a Sunday night which wasn't bad at all.   I would defiantly go back for a drink at the bar and enjoy the festive environment.  

                In short, YES! Food? YES! Beer? YES! Fun? You bet, a big YES!  Leopold's delivers on an exciting atmosphere for friends to gather, eat delicious and hearty meals while pounding back a Boot filled with beer served by extremely friendly wait staff and owners who are more like family. What's not to like?  Always busy so leave your name and number then walk the neighborhoods limited bars and wait. Our Friday night line was around an hour. No big deal there.  Seated at the end of the large, communal table in the center of the room, we quickly ordered up some beer...in boots. When in Rome, em, right?  Pretzel starter was a perfect base. Don't expect the warm, domestic, ballpark style. These are a bit smaller, room temperature and without all that added salt. Dredge through the mustard to good times. I try to go with specials and this night I was the big winner with an Osso Bucco and Käsespätzle. What a great flavor explosion dragging the Käsespätzle through the sauce. NickyB loved his Wiener Schnitzel, we all did, and CarolineF's go-to dish of Braised Beef Short Rib made it's rounds. Lucky for me, the pretzel filled her up and a little bit of leftovers made their way home with me.  Service is over the top. It's loud, crazy and full of people drinking copious amounts of beer all while the staff does a great job of keeping their cool (even though it was boiling hot), getting the food out and smiling along the way. Because of the wait time and the loud, beer swilling crowd, I'd leave the kids home for this one.  Leopold's must be experienced and become a believer. It's that great.  

                Good beer & the food's not bad.  Unfortunately it attracts a noisy 'bro' crowd which destroys the atmosphere.  

                Of love love this place! Leopold feels like you have been transported into a German beer house. While it may feel Disney at first is actually quite authentic from the decorations to the maître d' and owner and his waitstaff in lederhosen you'll quickly feel that you just really saved on a trip to Germany.  Besides the ambience, the food is terrific. I highly recommend the short rib which is always fall apart soft with a side of cabbage to round out the dish. The pig trotters, the chicken dumpling soup and any of the sausages are delicious as well.  However what they're known for our their Steins and 5 L beers in interesting glassware. It's really fun here to go it for a double date. Well this popular venue can result in a wait, give him your name and walk down to tonic or one of the other bars on Polk for a pre-dinner cocktail. Friendly staff good food, good drinks, good times.  

                An authentic German brasserie (though I'm not sure if Germany has brasseries). Anyways, I came here for a World Cup match and it was so much fun! (minus my team losing). I might've had a splendid time due to my boot! of champagne! (which was probably 2 bottles of champagne and then a bit of OJ on the top :-)).   The food was also really really good.. I was probably full after eating half of my spatzle (think creamy mac and cheese a la German), but I couldn't stop. I'll admit that I devoured my whole portion :-).  

                Came here for Halloween. Got here before they opened, but they let us sit at the bar. Lots of craft beers here. We wanted a table for 5 but only 3 of us were present. At first they said we couldn't get the table until everyone was present, but five minutes later, they let us grab the booth seats. I'm sadden that I didn't get a chance to try the main courses because I stuffed myself full from all the appetizers which were all amazing. To eat we shared the salumi platter, roasted beet, house made sausage, and crisp flat bread. Place does get packed, so get here early. They also have beers in boots.  

                Bring your appetite, because there is no way you can leave hungry or dissatisfied. Staff was helpful and I loved the German theme, including the dirndls the staff wore.  

                When I traveled to Europe I was in Germany, France, Austria and Switzerland.  For a fun time the brew houses in Austria were the best, and that's what Leopold's reminds me of.  They do the Austrian style brewhouse right with a great menu fantastic service and friendly owners. On weekends Leopold will greet you at the door and Issac is behind the bar.   Of course the beer is good and while they stay traditional to the craft, it's not done in a snobbery way.  And they rotate in new beers from time to time so you can get some variety.  Wienerschnitzel, braised beef, pork loin, sauerkraut, potatoes,yes you'll find all that here, but also some great salads and even a vegetable strudel.  Mixing up the the beef, potatoes and sauerkraut in one bite  

                Was there on Sunday 15th 2015. I was in early at open, wasn't that busy. Service was attentive and food was just ok nothing extravagant. I'm not a beer drinker but theirs beer its good. Overall it's all good to try something different.  

                Came recently. Quality has gone down and menu never seems to update. A little disappointed. Would do 3.5 stars if possible.  

                Not as good as Suppenküche, but an OK german restaurant.  Food is a bit pricey and they didn't seem to have too many beers on draft which was disappointing for a german restaurant  I came here for brunch and had a better experience, they prices weren't as bad and the food was decent enough.  

                Very mediocre food. Blend, meat lack of taste or texture, and soup taste too artificial and way too much sodium. Besides the big portion, I can't think of another good aspect about them. The beer, on the other hand, is surprisingly good. My advice, skip the food, grab a beerand chill w friends.  

                We had dinner here a few weeks ago with friends, and I loved my food.  We waited about the time quoted, 1.5 (it was Sat. and we had expected to wait.)  The hostess took my number, and we went next door for drinks.  I haven't had much German food, and after a VERY disappointing meal at Suppenkuche last year, I wasn't expecting much.  Very pleasantly surprised! I loved the cured salmon and potato cake app, and I  LOVED the pork dish I had. It was perfectly cooked pork tenderloin, with a delectable pork sausage, a delicious dumpling and the spatzle was AMAZING. It sounds like a ton of food, but I felt like the portions were plenty of food without being too large. I generally can't eat a lot at once, but I left here satisfied but not overstuffed.  The beer selection is great, and the servers are  pleasant and nice. They are also VERY good at explaining dishes I was unfamiliar with.  The service was a bit slow, and I guess the server realized this, since she brought a free dessert with an apology for the lagging service. I couldn't eat more than a bite of dessert, but my husband and our friends loved it.  I wish this restaurant was in another neighborhood, since we rarely go to Russian Hill.  If anyone asks for a good German restaurant  recommendation, this is the place!  

                Where there's das boot, there's always fun!   The fact that Leopold's doesn't take reservations has always steered us far away but we finally took our chance. To our surprise, the wait wasn't bad at all and even if there was one, I think we'd all agree that it was well worth it.  Salumi platter: So good! All the meats were delicious and it comes out on a cute little piggy wooden platter!  Choucroute Garni Platter: A little of everything. Loved the bratwurst and the pork ribs but could've done without the pork loin.  Apfelstrudel: Apple Strudel a la Mode. How can you not love it? It was perfectly flaky and warm. Couldn't have ended our meal any better.  Of course, plenty of beer helped us wash all this down. The servers were awesome and very friendly. I'll be back again for yummy food and a great time!  

                PROST! That's the german word for cheers because the moment you step into this place is when you will feel the ambience of all things German.  I've been to my fair share of German restaurants when I visited Munich and Berlin. I must say this place does it justice in some ways and in some way I wish it was more spirited.  Pros: 1. The food is authentic. You can't go wrong with their house special or the braised short ribs. Super tasty and packs a lot of flavor. 2. The place doesn't take reservations nor does it seat you until your party has arrived. Get there early and make sure everyone's with you. 3. They only serve pretzels on Friday and Saturday. Maybe just Friday, I forget. But if you get a chance def. get one.  Cons: 1. It's not as rowdy as some of the other German restaurants that just let you go all out. 2. They don't serve my favorite German beer HB, but they said they will soon :)  

                Amazing place !   I ordered to go in a rush, the service was great and the food was the best ever. I will visit this place again with my family to have beer next time in there. I am sure that it would be great too.  

                Definitely the best German food in the city.  Now, I love Walzwerk, and Suppenkuche, but the love they put into the dishes here, and the huge portions, is just really impressive.  And I love that they have Kostritzer on tap!!  (Though it'd be better if they had more dark beers!)  There's no reservations here - So come early and expect a wait!  

                Damn good food. Had the goulash and was very happy with my meal. My wife had the sausages with mashed potatoes, and sauerkraut. I liked her meal more than my own. A friend of mine had the pork cheeks and was very pleased.   The beers are great and very large. Not as crowded a place as you would imagine for a place so highly rated on yelp.  

                I decided to have a solitary birthday dinner at Leopold's.  Mondays are not great days for birthdays; everyone is too busy to go out.  Oh well.  Leopold's is in the neighborhood and I've been wanting to try it.    They have an extensive beer list.  I had to ask for a recommendation because I couldn't make up my mind.  Thankfully the waitress was happy to help and even gave me a taste before I bought a whole glass.  No, I didn't get das boot, lol!    The food was nice.  I ignored my usual dietary restrictions and dove right in!  I had the cured salmon appetizer and the schokoladenmousse for dessert.  Austrian cuisine is not at the top of my list of favorite foods mainly because it is very meat oriented and I only eat fish (I do remember eating tons of nice vegetarian food in Austria though because my Austrian friends are veggies!).  I think the only downside of Leopold's is its lack of veggie options.  There may be a couple of salads, I can't remember.  Oh there is Austrian "mac and cheese" on the menu that might be good for veggies.    Hopefully I don't wake up tomorrow with a double hangover from the sugar and alcohol!  The waitresses were very friendly. I got a candle in my dessert, and I got the dessert for free.  How nice!    I wouldn't mind returning to Leopold's with a friend to sample more beers.  I'm glad they're in the neighborhood.  I'm just not that excited about the food.  

                Love this place. Service is always excellent. The food is as you'd expect. I love the ambiance.  

                A little piece of Germany in the center of SF. Warm, inviting ambiance. Authentic, rustic décor. Friendly German waitresses who can readily recommend a good brew. Excellent beer selection. Drafts available in whatever size you'd like - from a "puny" .3L Stein, to the 2L "boot", to an inebriating 5L stein. Not a huge menu, but what they do, they do extremely well... so well that my friends and I couldn't resist coming here two nights in a row. Happily, there was no line on Monday or Tuesday night.   Favorites: 1. Crispy pig trotters - They don't look like much, but don't be fooled. They make you salivate when you smell them, then again as you're eating them. Like crab cakes made out of pork, these were crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. Next time I'm not sharing my order.   2. Carni plate - A pork lover's dream. There's nothing bad that can be said about it. Even the sauerkraut and potatoes were delicious. Order this dish. Otherwise, you will regret it when someone else does.   3. Kasespatzle - You had me at gruyere.   4. Wiener Schnitzel - Crispy, golden perfection.   5. Apfelstrudel - Flakey filo dough, not-too-sweet filling. I spent a week in Germany hunting for strudel like this. Served with a huge scoop of vanilla bean ice cream.    The only thing I wouldn't order again is the crispy flat bread, which was neither crispy nor flat enough.   Looking forward to working my way through the rest of the menu!  

                I love Leopold's. It's one of my go-to spots to take people visiting from out of town or anyone I'm with who hasn't tried it.   Growing up in Southern California, I thought Weiner Schnitzel meant hot dog, possibly covered in chili and cheese, based on the weiner chain. Leopold's has opened my eyes to the best Weiner Schnitzel ever.  Since getting hooked on their weiner schnitzel, I've tried it at other restaurants in SF and NY and Leopold's is the best. I have a hard time deviating from this for-sure dining success and have only not ordered it once to get the braised beef short ribs which was also excellent (the cabbage! the mashed potatoes! the fried onions!) and kasespatzle (mac and cheese with fried onions and other goodies) is heavenly but weiner schnitzel is still my favorite. The breaded pork is crispy perfection and the potatoe salad and cucumber salad do not disappoint.  Excellent selection of beer and desserts as well as good service.  

                This place is really good.  Owned by a German dude with a bubbly personality.  Kristen was a grest waitress and has a ton of experience in waitressing.  The Salume platter is what you want to get here. It's a ton a fabulous German meats with mustard and bread.  

