                Do you want an explosion of flavor in your mouth and to be full for days? Well, head to Little Lucca.   Little Lucca is one of those places that once you eat here, it ruins all other sandwich shops for you for the rest of your life. You crave the garlic sauce, you crave the size, you even crave holding it like a small baby in your arms.  You can literally order anything off this menu and as long as it has the garlic sauce it will taste like heaven.   I usually get any standard sandwich meat (pastrami, turkey, ham, etc) and sauce on BOTH sides. BEWARE! this is not for the faint of heart. Sauce on both sides has a blissful sting to it - meant for true garlic enthusiasts.   Anyways - there is another location for Little Lucca in Millbrae - I've gone and I am not a fan. They scrape out the soft part of the bread to make room for the sandwich fillings. I'd rather drive the extra miles (from Belmont) to get the original sandwich at the SSF location.   My only 1 let down with Little Lucca is that sometimes they run out of bread at the end of the day or just run out of Dutch Crunch (the best of the breads). It's great from a business standpoint, but since I usually have to "travel" to get there it is a bummer. I've learned to call ahead just in case!  

                Great sandwiches with an excellent value. Delicious, and generous potions, though you would usually have to wait. In a long line. I recommend ordering over the phone, which could still be a wait, but much shorter.   -1 for customer service. It was not bad, but the lady just did not seem very enthusiastic or too eager to explain the difference between crab sandwich vs crab cake (turns out crab sandwich is imitation and crab cake is semi real crab).  

                Anticipated for a decent sandwich, i decided to come here.  It's been a while Since I've been here as well.  Upon arriving, i noticed a lot of cars and boy the lot behind it was full.  By the time i walked to the entrance there was a line out the door.  Wow, on a Saturday afternoon and still a line.  I awaited for at least a good twenty minutes and the line was still growing all the way to the fence of the entrance.    Entering in, the aroma of sandwiches aw my taste buds as they water.  Undecided what to order, i scanned the menu.  The Ultimate is good deal, but i didn't really want bacon.  I settled for two meat combo of Turkey and Salami with Pepper Jack cheese on the Dutch Crunch roll.  Everything on it, light on mayo and no spicy sauce.  The Sandwich was huge at least a foot long!.  Too much for one person so i saved the other half for dinner.  The meat quantity was mediocre, wished they put a little bit more.  Seems like there is more bread then meat.  Dutch crunch was good and the garlic sauce they incorporate which makes the sandwich shine.  Just that component makes the sandwich that much better.  If you don't like garlic then too bad!    Overall, great sandwich for the price.  Good sandwich spots are nearly disappearing or they hiked up prices.  This is OK place i wouldn't say my favorite, still to be determined. They have a variety of meats to choose from, preset sandwich specials or you can build the way you like it.  You can incorporate your delicious sandwich with a drink  of potato chips, but those will add to your bill.  Parking? Street or parking lot Cash or Credit? Both Seating? yes outdoor.  

                Sandwiches are HUGE but you will have to wait in line forever to get one. I tried placing my order by phone and was told it would be an hour wait for phone order and that it may be faster to come in, only 3 ppl in line at the time. So I waited about 20 min until my lunch break and went down. No line out the door this time but waited 20 to 30 minutes still. It's not the cleanest inside BUT sandwiches are hella good that garlic spread is yummmmmy. You gotta eat the sandwich right away they get soggy which sucks because like I said they're huge but unfortunately if you save a half a sandwich for later it won't be the same.  

                Wow. Awesome small "shack" that is a Mom & Pop sandwich shop.  Line was ridiculous, so the secret is to fax (people still have these) your order in to save  yourself the hassle of waiting in line. They literally handcraft each sandwich and they don't skimp at all with the ingredients. I also saw how the ladies who prepare your sandwich actually care about the ingredients as I saw one removing and tossing out the overly ripe pieces of avocado she was cutting for one of my sandwiches.  All Sandwiches prepared with Mayonnaise, Mustard, Pickles, Red Onion, Lettuce, Tomato, Hot Pepper Sauce & the Original Garlic Sauce  Our order, Lucca Combo - mortadella, provolone, salami added Jalapeno bacon (which I should've held off on). The mortadella and salami already had a good salty flavor and adding the bacon was over saturation of salt, which was my fault. That hot pepper and garlic sauce were amazing and I will probably get more on the side next time. I could just dip my sandwich in that.  Lucca's Ultimate  -Turkey, Ham, Bacon, Cheese adding avocado. Awesome sandwich, only took a couple of bites, because my sandwich alone was enough to feed 3-4 normal people.   For the price and quality and quantity, you can easily feed a group of people with just 2 sandwiches. I will gladly go here again, but maybe opt to share a sandwich with the Mrs. instead of getting separate sandwiches.  

                OMG my mouth is watering, as I'm writing this review and thinking about their sandwich.  Came here for the first time a while ago with my foodie buddy and had a few more visits ever since. We went there around the afternoon and the line was super long; it extended all the way outside past the entrance.   However, they also take call-in orders, so if you don't want to wait I suggest calling 15 minutes before getting there. My friend called in and was able to pick up the order right away without waiting in line.  We order the ultimate club on Dutch crunch each time we go here, it's about $10 and the size of the sandwich is huge. You can certainly get two meals out of it. If you want to get your money's worth, then the ultimate club is the way to go. The amount of meat they pack onto the sandwich is very generous; they put ham, turkey, and a lot of bacon. The spicy garlic spread they put on the sandwich adds a little extra delight to your taste buds giving it that extra kick. All the ingredients in the sandwich tasted fresh and delicious, perfect to satisfy your hunger. I also ordered the Lucca's Spicy Buffalo sandwich one time and it taste just as amazing.   Little Lucca is definitely a place that I'll go time and time again as it has become one of my favorite sandwich spots.  

                I'm disappointed to say that my experience here did not live up to all the glory and hype. I got the pastrami sandwich on Dutch crunch bread. The deli meat was okay, nothing spectacular. The Dutch crunch bread unfortunately tasted very stale. Yes, their sandwiches are HUGE -- the size of a small shoebox, no joke. And reasonably cheap! So you'll definitely get your money's worth. However, I definitely had better tasting sandwiches in the area, like Ike's Place or Submarine Center.  

                I can understand why people L-O-V-E Little Lucca. Where else can you put 16 inches in your mouth without someone talking back to you?  However, I should of known better when a toothless guy in his 60s kept smiling at me and said, "Girl, you're going to have you some breakfast, lunch AND dinner..."  I realize I'm going to upset some people including my friends who love this place but we're all entitled to our own opinion. It was my first time trying Little Lucca's sandwiches yesterday which I think are ridiculously overrated. Maybe I've been spoiled by hipster sandwiches at Deli Board and Rhea's in SF but Little Lucca's sandwiches are nothing more than a monstrous pile of low quality ingredients thrown together on cheap, stale bread. Stale bread for an $11 sandwich? They're trippin'.   *3 Meat: Proscuitto, Mortadella & Headcheese Sandwich w/ avocado on sourdough ($11): <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1yz4BMl&s=00e8cab09d5d048fd5079c9da7f7938b8c2a4d126fc42440ddff081c15781b49" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1yz4BMl</a>  The quintessential part of a solid sandwich is the bread. The untoasted sourdough was so hard I couldn't even take a full first bite. I decided to take off the top portion of the bread and eat it like an open faced sandwich. FAIL. I couldn't even break through the bottom portion of the bread because it was hard as a brick (several days old?). Not even three bites into it, I gave up.   *Fire Roasted Steak w/ avocado on dutch crunch ($11.20): <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F11j8pDD&s=f440e0bffdd9e9c09b5a5ee0593bec39a79e592ef55d4ee1498b6cf17b49f155" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/11j8pDD</a>. My friend told me to order him whatever was popular. Two minutes of receiving the sandwich, the bottom portion of the dutch crunch was drenched with the copious amount of sauces and water from the lettuce and tomato. Dutch crunch is supposed to be yanno, crunchy...NOT a soggy sponge. He barely ate half of the halved sandwich. Oh yah, did I mention that they microwave this sandwich? WTF.  Not only did the sandwiches suck, service sucked. Long wait and rude workers (4 making sandwiches). The two ladies at Saigon Sandwich can handle the same crowd in less than half the time. After eagerly waiting in line for 45 minutes on a Monday at 1:45 pm, it would have been nice to be greeted. The staff here lack any kind of mannerisms. Fancypants X. wasn't kidding. I said, "hello", "how are you", and "thank you" to two staff members I encountered and in return I got a blank stare. Rude much?  And then comes food safety...  The bread is kept uncovered and stacked on top of each other against the wall. Um hello? Flies and creepy crawlers! Disgusting.  

                Little Lucca's isn't much to look at, but boy do they make a good sandwich.  Supposedly the prices are higher than they used to be ~$10 after tax vs $8 but that certainly doesn't hurt the value. The staff wear shirts that say "Size Matters" and their sandwiches are certainly big.   My girlfriend, sister and I ordered 2 sandwiches. Originally I had thought we could maybe get 3 of them but I was glad we didn't go that route. We got the southwest and the fire steak. Both of them were on dutch crunch. You don't really get a good feel for the size of the sandwich until you're holding it in your hands. Wrapped up in white paper it's not much smaller than a 2 liter bottle of soda. Both our sandwiches together probably weighed about 4 or 5lb.   Once we got home came the task of eating these behemoths. The only problem with the sandwiches as far as I'm concerned is that they're so big you have to practically unhinge your jaw to take a full bite. I was hungry waiting in line for my sandwich but afterwards I was more than satisfied. The wait got pretty long while we were there but it was definitely worth it.  

                Love their hot pepper and garlic sauces on ANY of their sandwiches. Highly recommend the Dutch Crunch bread. Do yourself a favor and call your order in, rather than wait in their long line. Not that I am complaining about the line, it's always a good sign that the good is good!  

                Little monsters.  The sandwiches are the length of your forearm. For reals.  Italian salami on Dutch crunch. Amazing sandwich.  A normal human can devour 1/2 a sandwich in one meal. If you can devour the entire thing, you are my idol.  

                BF introduced me to Little Lucca and I've never been disappointed since!  The portions are huge! I can never finish a whole sandwich, am only able to finish a half.  We always get the fire roasted steak with provolone on dutch.  SO delish. Although it sometimes is messy to eat, it's worth it.  The garlic sauce especially, it's so tasty that you can taste the garlic flavor in the sandwich (most other sandwich places I've tried that has garlic sauce, you can't even taste in the sandwich).  Don't let the size of the place fool ya!  Highly recommend this place.  

                I have always passed by Little Lucca's sandwich shop despite hearing all of these positive reviews. I finally came here with my boyfriend on his lunch break and I am so glad I did! The sandwich shop was located within a small, white house with a brown picket fence. There were tables and seats located outside the shop and a line trailing from the doorway. We only waited about 5 minutes until we could give our orders. I decided on the Chipotle Bird sandwich on Dutch Crunch. After about 5 minutes, the cashier rang me up and I left the shop feeling overwhelmed with the heaviness of the sandwich.  Before we were about to chow down, my receipt read "total: $40", which alerted me to go back inside and inquire how the cashier charged me 3x more than the original price. She apologized for the misunderstanding and gave me cash back for the wrong transaction. I couldn't believe the error, but I was more astonished by how the cashier handled the error with a calm and professional attitude.  When I was finally able to chow down on the sandwich, I could not believe how much was packed between two slices of bread. Generous portions of turkey meat and vegetables snuggled between two slices of Dutch Crunch bread. One bite and I was in love. Smooth, creamy, & delicious! I will totally recommend my friends and family to visit this sandwich shop because the service was fast, the prices were wallet-friendly (under $10), & once you leave the shop, you will have a BIG sandwich ready to be your meal for the day.  

                Tried this today for the first time. It was deeeeliciousZzzz. I got the turkey with BBQ sandwich. Everything about the sandwich was delicious except the bread did taste a little stale but overall it was an excellent sandwich for the price! I barely was able to finish half of the sandwich. Only downfall was the line but that obviously means they are doing something right. Will be back when I'm in town!  

                Everyone has their local deli they grew up on and will swear by.  I grew up in Belmont, CA. and Lorenzo's Sandwiches is a really good sandwich shop!  That being said, Little Lucca's is the only deli I will travel great distance and wait in that ridiculous line for the very best sandwiches in the bay.  If you can't appreciate the awesomeness of Lucca's, so be it - lightens up the line for the rest of us.  

                I really just love this place. Be prepared for a long line/wait if you do not call ahead (mind you, I almost ALWAYS call ahead so that I can just walk in and pick up my sandwiches). Let me tell you though, the wait is ALWAYS worth it! These are some of the largest sandwiches I've ever seen/eaten and can often feed 2-4 people easily (yes, they're that big!) My go-to sandwich is grilled chicken, bacon, lettuce, tomato, pickles, sprouts, pepper jack, mayo, mustard, hot pepper sauce, and garlic sauce on dutch crunch. This thing can feed me for days, but I'll always be wanting more :D Oh man...I need to get some more right now...  

                After being recommended by a friend, we all decided to come. I heard about the sandwiches, but wow!  They are big!  I recommended splitting the sandwich with someone if you aren't the type that doesn't eat large portions.  It would probably help though if they sold half sandwiches for those like me.  I tried the Prosciutto sandwich with avocado and honestly it was pretty good.  It wasn't super great, but still pretty good.  The really stuff you're sanwhiches and you will come out satisfied.  I really like the dutch crunch bread.  Definitely one of the reasons why I like this sandwich so much.  Plus they had an awesome garlic sauce, which is a must-try.  They have a large menu selection for everyone and you can add or take out anything you'd like.  For a sunday, it was pretty packed.  Be aware that there may be a possible long line, so be prepared to wait.  This location has seating outdoors, but I'd probably prefer to buy the sandwhich and eat elsewhere for better ambiance.  Definitely a place you should try at least once.  

                Seriously. If you live in the bay area and have not had a Little Lucca sandwich, you are sheltered and missing out. Id say maybe once a month we sent someone here to pick up a whole stack of sandwiches. Keep in mind, i work in Oakland! Yes, it's that good.   I've tried about a dozen different sandwiches on the menu, and i have not be disappointed yet. I haven't heard any complaints from my coworkers yet, so i know they're happy too.   We will absolutely continue to come here. Be sure you order early! This place is swamped, all day, every day. So plan ahead! And enjoy!  

                It is my goal to take every out of towner here, even if they don't want to venture outside of San Francisco. In fact, one of my friends bought an extra sandwich here to take with him back up to Canada!  I'm not sure how much more you can say about this place. Freshly cut deli meat + ridiculously ginormous portions you need to split for 2 meals + perfect dutch crunch + EXTRA garlic sauce = the best sandwich in the entire world. I'm really not sure how it can get better than this.  

                5 stars for the sandwich! I love the spread they put on! Like best sandwiches in town. Staff is very friendly.   3 stars for the small establishment. I understand it's part of the charm, but for a place this busy it would be nice to have some breathing room.  

                The line here is rediculous. If you want a sandwich, call in. Moving through 4 ppl every half hour is not worth it  

                Tried this place for the first time when I came to visit San Francisco in Dec. It was huge! I had to share a sandwich with my cousin. We got the turkey bacon pepper jack on dutch. We also added extra garlic sauce, as well as extra pepper sauce. IT WAS DELICIOUS! This place is a must try if you're ever in town!  P.S. The line can get pretty long, so be prepared to wait.  

                THERE'S NOTHING LITTLE ABOUT LITTLE LUCCA (3.8 stars)  Little tiny shop, long lines, big product. But everything big doesn't always mean fabulous. Nothing Italian about the joint but the flag, Mexicans running the joint.  -FOOD, tasty -PRICES, affordable -SERVICE, quick -AMBIANCE, tiny   Honestly, I was never interested coming here. Even after all the hype and convincing trying to get me here. After being in the bay for 10yrs I finally decide to try it. KIND OF OVERHYPED because nothing stood out besides the portion size.  HEFER STAT.   TURKEY ON DUTCH-CRUNCH W/ ALMOST EVERYTHING ($7.50) Do you really want my opinion? The sandwich size is well worth your pennies. It's as huge as my forearm. I got the dutch-crunch and that bread is overhyped. What's so good about it? Can someone explain their tastebuds in words? Likely not. The bread is thick, not as soft as I like, the crunch isn't really a "toasted" crunch and more like a stale crunch. The fixings were plenty, okay, more than plenty. I expected the turkey to be fresh turkey but it was just cold-cuts... Regular sandwich meat. The meat, lettuce, onions, pickles, etc... Were served like any other sandwich shop, THE ONLY KICK was the garlic sauce. Every bite was filling I could barely eat half the sandwich. My sandwich tasted like any other sandwich but in larger portions.   WILL I BE BACK? yes but not in a rush  Until the next review.  

                When a restaurant always has a line, that's a good sign!  I've passed by Little Lucca's several times and finally decided to wait in line for one of my favorite foods. . . SANDWICHES! We arrived there around 3:30pm on a Saturday, and the wait time was approximately 40 minutes long, but worth every minute! I ordered the "Two-Meat Special" so that I could select my own meat. I chose Italian Salami, Italian Turkey and Swiss Cheese on sourdough with the hot pepper sauce on the side. YUMMMMMY!  The average price for a sandwich is $7.25-$10 depending on all of the extra toppings you want to get. The standard toppings include: shredded lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, red onions, mayo, mustard, a mouth-watering garlic spread, and a hot pepper sauce(which has quite a kick to it). The best part about this place, is that for the price you pay, you are getting your money's worth down to every last penny! The taste of the freshly-sliced meats, the fresh bread, and most of all, the SIZE of the sandwich is unbelievable! To put it into perspective, I'd say it's the length of a newborn baby!  

                Little Lucca would make Joey from Friends happy. Ordered the Fire Roasted Steak on the Dutch Crunch with havarti ($1 extra). Loved the bread and their hot and garlic sauces. Great sandwich portion - I had the other half for lunch the next day and it tasted good even after microwaving it. Brownie points for having glass-bottled diet coke!!!   We stopped by around 9:15am and there was a rush of people who came in right after us getting their sandwiches for football Sunday. Parking: small lot and street, so come early to beat the crowd!  

                Today was my first visit to Little Lucca's and it was an interesting one. I've heard about this place since I moved here and have been meaning to give it a try. I knew it would be a long wait so I thought I would call my order in. I called and was put on hold for about 5 minutes before getting disconnected. I tried calling back and it was a busy signal. Finally, I decided to wait like everyone else. BIG mistake! I waited for about an hour and a half for 2 sandwiches. I was wondering why should a place be this slow, it looked like they had more than enough employees. There was probably 5-6 sandwich makers and 1 guy doing phone orders. These people were so scattered! They were speaking spanish and said that they didn't know where to make the sandwich nor what goes into the sandwich!  My Order: Fire Roasted Steak (the bf said he thought it was really good) Ultimate Club (but my original order was BLT&A)  ** it was alright, but not what I wanted  Pros: Many different choices (even their Veggie option looked good) Dutch Crunch bread was good, but wasn't the best i've had The flavors of the sandwich were good with the combination of hot pepper sauce, garlic sauce, and mayo was really good.  The portions were HUGE! I was only able to eat 1/4 of the actual sandwich. If you were really hungry I would say 2 people per sandwich would be more than enough.  Cons:  I got the wrong sandwich! I wanted the BLTA and she gave me the club. With her service I took what I could get! It wasn't worth the wait at all!  The cleanliness of this place worries me. I noticed one of the ladies placing a bucked of mayo that was on the floor onto the cutting board where everyone was making sandwiches.   These workers were very careless that they were busy. They would just stand there and talk amongst themselves without doing anything. There was a point where I stared at the woman making my sandwich because I thought she was going to ask me a question, but proceeded after a minute of dazing off.   Employees did not look happy to be there. I understand that you're constantly busy, but you're in a customer service job. Provide customer service!  

                The first thing I saw on Yelp when I looked up Little Lucca's was this line: "Try their Fire Roasted Steak with caramelized onions and extra garlic spread on Dutch Crunch!" So what did I get? The Fire Roasted Steak with caramelized onions and extra garlic spread on Dutch Crunch!  Well, I have to say that that was a great sandwich. I didn't even eat it fresh because my friends ordered the sandwich for me... not knowing it would take me over an hour to get my rental car from SFO. By the time I met up with them, my sandwich was cold and soggy. But it was still delicious. I think the bread here was breadier than the one at Ike's, but the sandwich as a whole was huge and tasty. And the extra garlic spread was an excellent call; I'd recommend doing that.  Next time, I'll have to try this fresh.  

                Dont judge this place by what it looks like from outside because this place is soo good!  I ordered the Tri tip special on dutch crunch bread and OMG = best sandwich! The meat was very fresh and quality! So happy I took my team of 17 people to this sandwich shop. Everyone was pleased. $9 for a huge sandwich that I couldn't even finish one half of. I recommend this place to everyone!    Can't wait to take a trip back for my family to try!  

                Little Luccas' Sandwiches are so bomb!    Don't expect much from this shack-looking deli shop!  Just focus on their sandwiches that are made fresh, with garlic sauce spread perfection and crisp Dutch Crunch as their breading!  It is mightily, mouth-watering amazing!  The Fire Roasted Steak Sandwich is the must-getter if it is your first time and several times there!  

                Get hungry and get here for a bad-bad sandwich (that means awesomeness by the way). Fresh ingredients from end to end of the assembly counter, and the flavor explodes in your face on each bite. Head out back to the courtyard and enjoy the South San Francisco afternoon to perfect this whole thing. I got the Reuben sandwich loaded and it's beautiful.  

                A little hole in the wall turns into a wall that reaches to a wonderland.   With freshly sliced meats and cheeses, fresh spreads and ingredients, Little Lucca is not just some "local sandwich shop." Little Lucca is heaven for not just sandwich lovers, but everyone else.   On some days, I find myself waking up in the middle of the night, tasting pastrami with pepper jack cheese and sliced jalapeños, all on a Dutch crunch roll. The lines are quite long during lunch time, but it goes by quickly and it is all worth it.   I encourage you to go to this place. Please, please go. You won't regret it.  

                Definitely a must eat. The sandwiches are enormous and their signature garlic sauce is delicious. I've only had the little lucca combo, which is an Italian, and it's pretty good. I usually eat half and save the rest for later.   I gave this four stars because it seemed like the line was moving really slow and I waited about 30 mins for my sandwich. I haven't found my ideal sandwich yet, but wouldn't wait 30 for this one again.  

                I thought there was no sandwich place on par with Ike's but one day I had a Little Lucas Sandwich.   Now don't let the store front fool you. Yes it might be a little broken down shack but your taste buds and belly will thank you for stepping in.   I heard there can be quite the line here. Luckily for me, when I came there was no line. But even if there was a line, it's worth the wait.   And good thing there was no line because they have so many sandwiches for you to choose from and they all sound delicious. It was so hard for me to choose.  I went with what yelp recommended and got the fire roasted steak sandwich on Dutch Crunch for $10. Definitely a sandwich for two. My jaw dropped when I saw the size of it. Forget chips the sandwich is enough. The steak was packed with flavor, tender and juicy. It was so juicy I had a puddle of juices on my paper and we went through a ton of napkins. The Carmelized onions were also an amazing addition. And then the texture of that dutch crunch to add to the perfect combination. And don't forget about that amazing garlic sauce. My mouth was having orgasms with every bite. They're generous with the meat and toppings too. Definitely a bang for your buck in my opinion.  They don't have any seating inside but there's some out in the back. And they have a nice little lot for you to park in.  They cater too! Forget Togo's!  I'll definitely be back to try their other selections of sandwiches.  

                What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said. Lucca's should be a bay area landmark. This is the smallest sandwich shop I've ever seen or been in but it comes with the biggest flavors and taste combinations. There isn't just one particular sandwich to choose over all others. Why? Cause they all taste great. Whomever say down and worked all the the different flavor combinations and taste is brilliant.   I only have a few points that Could make this a bit easier for patrons. First the parking lot is in terrible shape. There are what looks to be pot holes the size of land mines there and have done some real damage to people cars. Second, there is no space within the sandwich shop to sit down and enjoy your meal. If there was someway for them to expand the size of the shop you can have the option of sitting inside or outside depending on how good the weather is. Plus it makes it easier for people who are standing around waiting to place their order. It makes the whole process and the feel a lot less cramped.  Overall it was a good experience. Definitely worth the wait and the smell of the fresh baked bread is incredible. One of the Best sandwich shops I've been to.  

                This is by far my favorite local sandwich shop! It's super tiny and always super crowded so expect long wait times. The sandwiches are enormous and very filling. Half a sandwich is more than enough. I usually get something plain like turkey on Dutch crunch with all of the condiments but today I was feelin a lil different. I got the BLT & A... Bacon, lettuce, tomato and avocado. Boy oh boy was this goooood! It sure in the hell beats Subways BLTs.  Only giving 3 stars cause the sandwiches are not the "save for later" type which sucks cause I would love to eat the other half later but the bread gets so soggy so quickly.  

                I've been coming to this joint for as long as I can remember and I'll be continuing to come as long as nothing changes. If you like a LOT of delicious sandwich for a little bit of money this is for you.  While any sandwich will get the job done I will describe the sandwich I got today, last week, and the one I've been getting for years before: hot pastrami with provolone on Dutch crunch. I've had other sandwiches, but I love pastrami and this sandwich is perfect to me. Dutch crunch is absolutely necessary for this sandwich. Perfect texture and had its own great flavor that complements the sauces that are put on. Each sandwich had shredded lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, mayo, mustard, pickles, a hot relish sauce and their very own garlic sauce. I personally always get extra garlic sauce and extra hot sauce. All of this gives you a ridiculously good burst of flavors with every bite. With the huge stacks of light, flavorful pastrami snuggled in with everything in this sandwich, I could never get sick of this sandwich.  There is only outside seating and there is often a huge line around meal times and even randomly in the afternoon, but the food makes up for it over and over and I don't foresee that changing anytime soon.  

                I've already raved about this place multiple times but have another piece of information to share: I took my sandwiches and weighed them and they weighed 2lbs each.  No joke.  

                Wow- this sandwich place is just wow. When I got my sandwich, I was amazed at how BIG it was! My friends and I were all thinking.. how are we supposed to eat this?! Prepare for messiness- this may not be the best choice for a first date people! Just kidding, your date will probably be just as messy eating this as you are- it'll be hilarious. For about $9 a sandwich, it is definitely a good deal and enough to feed 2 people.   I got the Fire Roasted Steak Cesar sandwich on dutch crunch and extra garlic sauce- it was DELICIOUS. Would totally recommend this! I probably shouldn't have decided to type this review while hungry.. :( now I am totally craving it. We also tried the Lucca Combo sandwich, but it was very ordinary.. definitely did not stand a chance against the Fire Roasted steak sandwich.   The lines do get long though, so expect to wait in line for about 30 minutes, and they only have outdoor seating. Overall, would definitely come back for the Fire Roasted Steak sandwich!  

                Omg yum! I ordered an Italian on Dutch crunch today and it was really good! Love the sauce they put in the sandwich. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying their other sandwiches!   I read another review and it said the servers were rude but I didn't experience that today. I thought they were really nice and accommodating.  

                Husband loved their sandwiches-however I didn't think my 30 minutes of standing in the sun and then getting cut off by a girl that ordered enough to feed the entire block was worth it....   When it was finally my turn to pay after about 47 minutes since I first stepped in line.. I put down our  two drinks and two chips. The lady was so amazing she managed to only ring up two sandwiches.... Even though I said, "And my drinks and chips." And smiled at her then pointed down at it. I paid... and then she says, "oops sorry, I didn't ring those things up.." So she spent another 5 minutes doing that...   I think I will only come back if I really can't find another sandwich spot.  

