                We can't get enough of Lola's. For starters food is consistently awesome, always hot, fresh, tasty, and fast. The staff is on top of it and friendly. The place is kid friendly, clean, and fuss free. To boot!: you can order online! It's so easy and user friendly and even on a Friday night your food is ready in 15 minutes! Talk about great for a family on the move! Thanks Lola's!   Note: we've been to Lola's at least 20 times so I feel 100% confident my review is spot on;)  

                Wanted to give an update since I had a stellar first experience and found some kinks in the second...  Definitely a very different vibe on visit #2...  Gone was the warm staff, replaced by terse youngsters who didn't connect very well with the patrons.  (Not just me but others as well...) - When I approach the counter - the only right response from the staff is a greeting and some interest in our transaction.  I got neither this time.    I ordered the Baja salad. It was still fresh and vibrant but not executed very well.  The menu states there's bacon on the salad, but I found a scant teaspoon of what looked like bacon paste buried in mine.  This salad is also supposed to include avocado, but like the bacon, avocado was scarce.  The few chunks I did find were brown and I pushed them aside.  Bacon and avocado should be featured in this salad.    My daughter got the Asian Citrus salad (the one I got last time) and that came with a small bag of crispy noodles to sprinkle on top.  I did not get that when I ordered mine the week before.  This salad was very good.  The chicken was executed very well on both salads.    The onion rings were very good!  We tried the chocolate chip and snickerdoodle cookies - both were extraordinary!  Just a few small observations for the Lola's staff meant constructively.  I'd love to frequent Lola's, but a warm staff, consistency and quality of ingredients are things I won't compromise.  Looking forward to a third visit to see how it goes!  I'll let you know next week!  

                Enjoyed a nice meal at Lola's Chicken Shack. They specialize in chicken tenders, sides and sandwiches.  The chicken was great and the portions were generous.  I have overlooked this place for a long time because the sign says Park Cafe.  I'll be back!  

                I love this place!!! Great food and customer service at a reasonable price!!! Small company you even get to meet the owner!! Very friendly! I always get the classic chicken strips with fries!! The signature strips are great also. You might also like to try a sandwich! This place is great.. For sure check this place out if you love chicken and are around the area!  

                Okay, I'll give Lola's some credit...their chicken is pretty good and moist.  The coleslaw (traditional) was not bad either.  But to call this place Southern cuisine is kind of stretching it. I've had fried chicken in plenty of Southern states (Ole Miss, Home Sweet Alabama, and the Peach State) and I can tell you the fried chicken here is in no way "Southern".  This past weekend, I ordered the Chicken and Waffles "sandwich", which at first glance looks really small since it's about half the size of the other sandwich items. But, as a guy with a pretty big appetite, it was pretty filling.  Fried chicken, as I stated, was good and moist.  Beyond that... not much else to write home about.  My biggest gripes about this sandwich were that the waffles were neither hot/fresh nor crispy, and the maple syrup-infused mustard was neither sweet enough nor maple-syrupy enough.   My personal preferences with chicken waffles are a fresh, crispy waffle accompanied by fresh, crispy fried chicken, smothered and doused with sweet maple syrup.  Of my three personal preferences, Lola's only met one of them (fresh, crispy fried chicken) but failed the other two (crispy waffle and lack of sweet maple syrup [flavor]).  I think this sandwich has a lot of potential if: (1) the accompanied waffle was made freshly and crisply (2) if the mustard was sweeter/had more maple syrup flavor, OR if the mustard was also served on the side so for those with sweeter palates (like myself) can dip the sandwich in the mustard.  Overall, Lola's serves up an average chicken and waffles sandwich that lacked crispiness or robust flavor/sweetness. Meh.  I probably wouldn't order it again.  

                I love this chicken shack the food is great here. I've tried a few of the salads there and they are amazing. And the chicken tenders are great with all the different sauce you can choose from can't go wrong with the tenders. The workers are so nice and friendly,they make me feel welcome every time.  

                My Birthday Gals' Club ate here recently.  We thought we could make lunch reservations but apparently they have a crush of high school students so it is just too busy.  We four got there right at 12 and there wasn't a line or a shortage of tables.  You order at the counter and the food is brought to you.  We ordered:  Lola's classic chicken wrap which came with coleslaw  Broccoli Cheese Soup  Side of Ceasar Salad   Chicken Tenders with  Honey Lime Sauce and Side Salad   Chicken Tenders with Honey BBQ and Peanut Sauce & a side of coleslaw.  We all enjoyed our food.  Chicken tenders were  quite good, breaded and friend but not greasy.  Coleslaw was tasty....they have two different kinds (oil & vinegar and creamy mango jalapeño.  Lola's claim to use 100% fresh  premium chicken with no hormones or antibiotics  All the sauces, salads, coleslaws, sandwiches and desserts are homemade.  Shortly after we ordered the throngs of high schoolers swarmed Lola's. The staff handled them all with speed and politeness   The teens were well-behavec and enjoyed themselves.  The staff was very sweet.  One staffer gave us a free order of  macaroni and cheese that had been extra from a previous order.  It had bits of bacon in it so i only was able to grab a few nibbles.  I could easily come back here with the fam.  They have a vegetarian minnestrone soup and some vegetable sides, salads for vegan Mr Rinky  

                Love love Lola's chicken shack! Fresh chicken located right on park st! Great service too!  

                Superior customer service and superior food quality! Nancy was extremely sweet and friendly.  You are missing out if you haven't tried Lola's!  

                Excellent chicken. Great salads. Incredibly friendly staff. Clean area. Definitely coming back.  

                Sort of a ridiculous place.. I can't believe this place lists itself as southern..  There's only so much you can do with chicken strips as the main premise of your restaurant.  I guess it was fun though picking all your sauces and all, but in general, it's definitely underwhelming.  I've come by to randomly stave off hunger with friends at various times, but it's just sort of random.  If anything I'm impressed it's lasted this long...  But I guess if chicken fingers is your thing, this place is perfect for you?  

                Came here for lunch with my mom to try the food and it was soooo good. I ordered the signature strips with Lola mac. The chicken was nice and crispy on the outside and real juicy on the inside. Lola mac is to die for! So good and creamy. They had lots of really good dipping sauces too. Great place to have lunch & great prices.  

                Nothing Southern about it, but the chicken is okay. The mac and cheese is okay - some rave about it, but it's only okay. Not too fond of any of the sauces, so I skip those - I'm not really a sauce person, and most are spicy as well.  Best things about the place are the people who work there - super, super nice. And the price - you really can't beat it.   I just ordered delivery this time. Not too fond of the delivery charge, but if I'm too lazy to go out and pick it up, whose fault is that?  

                I'm so obsessed with Lola's that I had to set a weekly limit for myself. The chicken is moist and delicious, the fries are literally the best I've ever had, and the staff has never been anything but sweet to me and my kid (it helps that she's an adorable baby, not that I'm biased). If Lola's ever closes, I will actually cry.  

                A place that is dedicated to chicken tenders??  I thought my dreams had been answered.    It's on park ave in Alameda...  Super modern inside, feels like a fancy new fast food joint.  Clean and inviting with some nice flatscreens as well.  The menu is....chicken tenders....(wtf did you think it would be?)  Selection of sandos or platters with a choice of like 30 different sauces.  The tenders are marinated in japanese koji, which makes it more juicy - that's what they advertise.  They have original, a sesame-almond crusted one, and some other kind.  Overall, the tenders are definitely plump, juicy and tasty.  I wish the crust was a little more crunchy, that's what I love about a great tender - the crunch, followed by a juicy chicken inside.  The chicken part was above average juicy and tasty - the crunch wasn't there.  I'd definitely give it another go....but I don't live in Alameda, and I definitely don't think this place is travel-worthy.  (Although for the record i would travel for some good fried chicken)  

                The place was not clean , the server is a kid, the price is okay not I try it been there done that , would not go back again  

                Lola's does fried & grilled chicken tenders in sandwiches, salads, and solo.  I got the 4 tender combo ($7.99 with side & drink) split 2 Classic & 2 Signature with a salad (choice of salad, fries or slaw <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolas-chicken-shack-alameda-2?select=ji-C-UfSxlUpue_zNlAzOQ#D2mk-MDMSAWM1mNOs3JCwQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/lola…</a>). The combo is $3 more than tenders alone.  Overall moist, but got dry on the thinner side of the tenders.  Classic breading with cornflakes was pretty bland and slightly over-fried with a couple of burnt spots (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolas-chicken-shack-alameda-2?select=ji-C-UfSxlUpue_zNlAzOQ#ESBeKcy5MJ02WHmNt-oDJg">yelp.com/biz_photos/lola…</a>). I liked the mild spiciness of the Signature better, though didn't have much crunch (as described on the menu) unless they meant the nuts in the breading.  Speaking of nuts in the Signature breading (there's also sesame seeds <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolas-chicken-shack-alameda-2?select=ji-C-UfSxlUpue_zNlAzOQ#XhflNPtEIsjKn4N9fMYm-A">yelp.com/biz_photos/lola…</a>) that probably should be added to the menu description . . . wouldn't want to have someone with allergies going into anaphalytic shock.  Pretty good value. The tenders are BIG; I ended up taking one home.  Friendly servers. I'll probably be back after giving them a little time to work out the kinks.  

                I think I'm getting addicted to this place, simple and tasty.  The tenders are really meaty and moist.  Been getting the 3 piece tenders and Cobb salad lately and it's perfect after an active day or to fuel up before getting your day started.  And service seems to be really friendly all the time.  

                I make a wicked macaroni and cheese.  In fact, I make the best macaroni and cheese.  I use fresh milk and a blend of quality cheeses thickened with a roux in the classical French fashion.  It's a premium dish that I was taught to make in culinary school by a master chef.  Then there's Lola's.  They're mac is so good that it gives mine a run for its money, threatening to be even better..  On one hand I am enraged, on the other hand, I have to come in at least once a week and get some to-go.  Then I drive far into the mountains dressed like Carmen Sandiego and eat it in solitude where no one can see me admitting defeat with every creamy bite.  The white cheese sauce is thick and plentiful, tasting of cheddar, provalone, gruyere and parmesean, properly seasoned with salt and black pepper.  I like the black pepper better than white pepper as I typically use in my fancy French bechamels.  This ambrosia-like sauce is served over a perfectly al-dente medium shell pasta.   When I think soul-food mac, I think of a gloppy pile of buttered noodles formed together like a popcorn ball with cheap bulk medium cheddar.  Soul mac in California is absolute garbage.  Lola's takes it to a new level and offers a product I have not yet seen executed as well as I can.    And it makes perfect sense because it's just not that hard to make or that expensive to cost.  Bravo, Lola's.  You have done something special.  Bravo.    Did I mention you can get a fat bowl of it with chicken for under $5?  

                Today was my first time here. I stopped by during lunch. I couldn't make up my mind on what I wanted. Everything looks good when you're starving.   I ended up getting two sandwiches. The Lola's Signature and the Buffalo Chicken sandwich. The chicken is very juicy and tender with crispness in every bite. Sandwiches are a good decent size. Sliced in half for easy eating.   Lola's signature came with its creamy sweet and spicy coleslaw. Very good and a must try for new comers. I felt that it could of used extra coleslaw. Next time I'll order it with extra coleslaw and tomatoes.  The buffalo chicken sandwich had tomatoes, lettuce, red onion, and blue cheese. I could taste the blue cheese more than anything. It was overpowering the buffalo sauce. If they toned it down on the blue cheese it would balance the sauces out.  I'll keep coming back and trying a different sandwich each time until I have tried everything on the menu. The are nice, helpful and greet you when you walk in.  

                Just thinking of Lola's chicken tenders slaps a huge grin on my face. My life is quite deprived of fried chicken because I'm super against KFC (and you should be too!) so I thank Lola's for giving me a rare opportunity to enjoy this crispy delicacy.   I give them a billion stars for fried chicken that is light on the breading, not oily at all, huge and juicy, and only $4-6 for 3-5 pieces. I don't feel disgusted with myself after eating here, just very content and grateful for life and good food. However, I do have to minus some points for having disappointing waffles and for tricking me into getting an unnecessary soda (jk that's my fault). The Lola Mac is VERY delicious, but what else would you expect from cheesy pasta. Go home and make yourself some from a box and it'll be great too. Save yourself the $4. I will return just to fulfill my chicken tenders fix, untainted by any wraps, breads, or salads.  

                Great home style chicken options that make you feel good. Stick it on a bun, on a salad or plain. Tasty for something relatively quick.  

                The chicken was moist and delicious. I'm a fan!!   Yes they are really good fries.. the description is pretty spot on.  

                Bad customer service ...disrespectful would not let my husband use the bathroom even when he offered to buy something ... He also showed her his VA card and she blatantly said she didn't care  

                My family and I had an excellent lunch at Lola's chicken shack.  My daughter had the classic 3 tenders with fries, my husband had Honey Mustard Chicken sandwich and I had the signature chicken tenders with frijole on the side.  I loved the chicken, it was moist, tender and the signature breading was crunchy and tasty.  The side of frijole was also tasty and fresh and the other members of my party also loved their meal.  IMHO the best seat in the house is by the Park Street windows to watch the world go by...  

                Really liked this place. Needed to feed someone committed to a strictly fried chicken diet. Checked Yelp! (of course) and found this tasty tribute to battered poultry in downtown Alameda. With salad options & TVs, the chicken is the key to unlock thick wonderfulness.  

                They -- don't --  serve fried chicken wings, drumsticks, or thighs.  Lola's Chicken Shack --- serves only chicken strips ---.  My story.  I was in the area and was craving some fried chicken wings or drumsticks.  I walked in, looked at the menu, and was hungrily confused by the slow realization they only served chicken strips.    I decided to order the strips with the signature breading, since it was described as spicy and crunchy.  To my surprise, it was breaded in sesame and I *believe* some kind of nut (?).  I have no problem with it (Okay, fine, sesame gives me gas but i'll eat it anyways, just not prior to a date.), but it would be nice if "spicy and crunchy with sesame, nuts (?), etc."  was part of the description on the menu.  I vaguely remember reading a note on the bottom somewhere about gluten and I don't remember what else.  "spicy and crunchy" Signature breaded chicken strips were crunchy but not spicy.  Chicken itself was just okay, it didn't have much chicken flavor and it was a bit on the dry side.  Did I get an overcooked batch perhaps?  On the plus, there were two delicious items worth mentioning:  + chipotle mayo sauce + mac n cheese with bacon bits,  with mac shells not elbows.  :)  Salad was fresh and also yum with the vinagrette. Interior was fast food casual, very clean and spacious.  

                I went into Lola's two days ago for lunch.  It wasn't my first choice but I was hungry and needed to eat.  You know when you're so hungry that almost all food tastes better?  That was the mood I was in.  So I asked the cashier what his favorite sandwiches were and one that he mentioned was the pesto chicken sandwich.  I love pesto.  I was hoping for a crunchy, zesty, tasty experience.  Nope.  The bread roll was too thick and dry (should have been toasted).  The pesto was barely recognizable.  The chicken wasn't crunchy but was moist.  The cole slaw was just ok.  As hungry as I was this sandwich would have to be pretty bad to not make me happy.    Put it this way, I won't order this sandwich again.  I'll probably try this place again though.  It won't be my first choice but if I'm walking past it I'll try it one more time.  There have to be better things on the menu.  

                Certainly, a viable local alternative to the ridiculous lines at Bakesale. And if you're looking for more than just fried chicken and coleslaw between two rolls, this is the place to be. There are enough sandwich options to accommodate most moods and the couple I've had (Pesto and Waffle) were quite good. A tip though: Don't order the Chicken and waffle to-go, that is unless you like your waffles crisp-less.    Oh, and they have best fries on the planet! At least that's what's advertise on the menu, and from my limited time and experience on this earth, I have no reason to try to refute that claim. And on top of the fries being dang good, a single order is less than $2.   Service: All my experiences here were pleasant. Really couldn't ask for more.  

                I love this place.  A friend, my son and myself had been here before but I had accidentally forgot about it.  Sunday we were right around the corner ans was looking for a good place to eat that was reasonably priced when my son reminded of Lola's. The food is delicious! Chicken was hot & crispy, dipping sauce was great.  Fried were hot, crispy and delicious!  

                Great chicken, outstanding mac n cheese, very tasty indeed.  one of my favs......  

                Thanks to Alfredo M for his very brief and convincing statement ("Big ass chicken strips!") that my husband and I went to Lola's Chicken Shack this afternoon.  Sir Alfredo was not kidding on those chicken tenders.  After glancing over the menu quickly and seeing their sandwich special (chicken carbonara), my husband ordered the sandwich special and I decided to go with the tender combo meal - 3 tenders with honey mustard and an Arnie Palmer (1/2 lemonade and 1/2 iced tea).  Two of these chicken strips were enough for me and I'm glad I did not get the five piece order.    The choices for the tenders are classic, signature and grilled, and there are 18 choices of the sauces.  The number of tenders range from 3 to 5 pieces.  The sides are french fries, side salad, or coleslaw.  Lola's mac for an additional $1.20.  The classic tenders were well-seasoned, crispy on the outside but yet very moist and flavorful on the inside.  The french fries had the right amount of crunch.  They were not dried up and hard; they were also greaseless.  Over half of my plate was filled with french fries, which I shared with my husband.  Husband enjoyed his chicken carbonara sandwich (tenders with garlic sauteed mushrooms, bacon and smothered with 4-cheese Lola sauce).  However, he wanted a smidgen of hot sauce in his sandwich.  The bad thing was neither one of us noticed they had Frank's hot sauce as one of the sauce choices until I picked up their menu and brought it home.  Okay, there will be a returned trip to Lola's.  

                Poor service. It took longer than it should to make me a strawberry balsamic something or another, chicken sandwich. 25 minutes to be exact.   Nothing special. Chicken was ok, but not excellent. The whole sandwich in general was mediocre. It didn't wow me, it didn't satisfy me and I was really hungry.  

                Crispy, tender, juicy fried chicken strips! So good! I usually order their Signature style, it's very flavorful, and has sesame seeds and almond slivers in the batter they use to fry with.   Their mac and cheese is delicious! So gooey, tasty, and they have bacon bits mixed in...droooooool.   Love the comfort food here, love the cleanliness and the friendly staff.  

                Been twice now to Lola's and both experiences were great.Service was really good and a table both times was easy to come by.Parking on "Park" street ain't happening so you're better off parking around the corner in the garage next to the theater and walk over.  We had the strips both times: Spicy with fries                                           dips: ranch (real ranch!) sriracha and Franks (there are way more choices too)  The strips are fried to perfection and are very juicy ...I'm thinking they're buttermilk brined first ?! Very good strips ...I'm guessing every kid would want to eat here daily!  The restaurant itself is very clean and decorated well with two flat screens on at all  times.Nice little addition to a up and still coming Park street business district.  

                Based on other Yelper reviews, I had higher expectations for this place.  It has a really nice vibe and the customer service was good.  The chicken was dry and had no taste, but the macaroni was okay.  Not sure if I would come back again.  

                Finally have gone a couple times trying various items.  Classic chicken hands down has the most flavor and juicy.  Try it ala carte and it was good with dipping sauces.  Second time had the classic sandwich with slaw and chicken.  That was really tasty and a good portion for under $7.00.  The winner was the side of black eye peas and jalapeño relish.  So good.  My kids enjoy the mac n cheese with chicken on top.  My wife ordered the chicken and waffles which is a sandwich with a savory waffle.  Nice service and was fast for us each time.  Nice fast casual spot in the heart of Park St.  

                Big, juicy chicken tenders that actually taste like chicken, and are not greasy! EXCELLENT!!!  Moreover, they have a large selection of dipping sauces that range over many flavors and many levels of intensity. While I am not a big french fry person, I did get fries with my tenders. They were also very good.  If you like chicken tenders or chicken nuggets, check this place out. They will probably surpass your current favorite places.  

                My wife was craving chicken and I have been eager to try Lola's. We were not disappointed. The menu consists of chicken tenders, lots of dipping sauces, chicken sandwiches,chicken salads, fries& mac&cheese. I ordered the classic chicken sandwich. The chicken was crispy but moist inside & the slaw inside was tangy with a little spice. The fries are awesome, crispy but not greasy. My wife ordered the Asian chicken salad. It came with a big portion of chicken tenders cut up with dressing on the side. She only ate half. The service was good. They take your order, give you a number, then they bring your order to you. Only bad part to eat here is trying to find parking on Park St.  

                Wow, another Alameda secret surprise.  Been wanting to try Lola's for a while since it took over the Bonaire bakery spot int he middle of Park St.  Chicken, hummmm.  So the wife and I went tonight.  I was expecting fried chicken like KFCs or Popeyes so was a little off guard looking the menu.  They have salads but we came for the chicken so chicken we ordered.  Wife had a chicken sandwich but can't remember which one.  It looked real good and she said it was pretty tasty.  Not her all time favorite but real good.  Combo meal with the Lola's mac and a drink.  I decided I had to have the tenders, so ordered the 5 piece. Strawberry BBQ and BBQ dipping sauces.  TVs on the walls.  Plenty of tables, nice and clean.  Nice environment.  Out came the food.  Pleasantly surprised how much food there was.  The Lola's mac was in a full size bowl - was expecting a little macaroni salad.  Big macaronis, great flavor.  Large portion of fries, crispy on the outside, really good.  The tenders are large pieces of fresh chicken with no preservatives.  They buy all their chicken fresh and its real chicken meat.  No beaks, bones or feet here.  Sandwich was also good size.  We couldn't eat half of it, so took the rest home.  Lola's is the Anti-MickeyD's andAnti-KFC when it comes to chicken.  Good fresh food, reasonable prices, nice friendly service.  If its fresh chicken you want, try Lola's.  

