                If you are looking for a unique and great guy's night, look no further.  I've been here on two occasions (my bachelor party dinner and a friend's going away party) where we had big groups of guy friends.  They will come and give you the regular talk about splitting tapas and dishes, but the move here for guy's night is a bunch of rib eyes and a couple bottles of Malbec.  One of my favorite steaks, if not my downright favorite, in the entire city.  Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, high-quality meat.  An absolute winner of a restaurant.  Of course, great for a million other occasions as well.  

                Good food, trendy atmosphere, overall great experience. From the beautiful décor to the candlelit ambiance, the whole place has a very sophisticated and sexy vibe, feeling cozy and comfortable, but also energetic and happening. My boyfriend and I went on a recommendation for a steakhouse, but were pleasantly surprised at the extensive tapas style menu, which is my favorite way to eat. The more things I can try, the better.  We wanted to sample a little bit of everything so we started off with croquetas, empanadas and a ceviche, then shared the ribeye for our main course. Each was more delicious than the next. The empanadas were filled with spinach, onions, brie and mushrooms. The croquetas were my boyfriend's favorite, crispy on the outside, creamy and rich with ricotta on the inside, topped off with a little bit of spice from the aioli dipping sauce. The pescado ceviche with was excellent, very unique in flavor and served with tangy corn fritters, yum. The ribeye, my favorite, was only okay however. There wasn't anything particularly special about it, it was just a nice tender, quality cut of meat, very flavorful, served with herbed butter and chimichurri sauce, exactly how I like it.  We also have a difficult time getting a reservation, so I would suggest calling a few days ahead of time. Overall the tapas were reasonably priced, but the entrees were expensive. It wasn't unexpected, being a steakhouse, but would limit our visits to special occasions. After eating we went upstairs and checked out the gorgeous view from the rooftop bar, most likely be our next outing for cocktails and tapas.  

                Wonderful !  Some friends and i visited Lolinda's last night. I love the ambiance of the place. its dark with dim lights everywhere.  The server explained to us that its family style eating. There were 4 of us there. We ordered two orders of potato leek soup - Delicious! An order of mixed ceviche - My boyfriend wasn't thrilled with it. They only put one shrimp in it but lots of calamari.  We got an order of rosemary potatoes - very good! We shared the rib eye, 18oz steak. it was DELICIOUS! so much flavor. You did not need steak sauce or anything else for it.  Its a little pricey but that's normal for steakhouses. Its perfect for a date night.  I will definitely go back!  

                Started off poorly with a snooty and curt hostess (in person and on the phone). Then when we were there they had some sort of fire or power outage and as a result their ventilation system wasn't working and the whole restaurant was smokey and downright unpleasant.  Still giving them 5-stars. Why? Because sh*t happens that's beyond the control of the restaurant (and the manager/owner did give us a free dessert and a discount on the meal). But really because this place is that good. Some of the dishes featured flavor combinations that we had never had before, ala State Bird Provisions, and as such we felt truly fortunate to have gone to this restaurant- even if the smoke eventually forced us to leave without finishing our free dessert. So here's the rundown.   The truly wonderful dishes:  1) Maduro - the plantain and burrata combination was truly special and unique and by far my favorite dish. I've never had anything like it and I wish to have it again like everyday.  2) Croquetas - creamy yucca goodness. Sooo very creamy and delicious.  3) Spinach empanadas - most people mail it in when doing empanadas. Not so here. A great dish  4) Pastel de Choclo - this vegetable pie was like the best pot pie we'd ever had. If you're noticing the trend here you'll see that we really loved their vegetable dishes which was a shock to us considering this is an Argentenian steak house!  5) Vigoron - okay here's some meat. If you like pork- and I know you do- you'll love this delicate, perfectly prepared pork belly. Not too fatty, but yeah fatty and delicious.  Really good dishes:  6) the chicken skewer- a hit for all, but a taste we'd experienced before. Still very good.  7) Tira - the braised short rip in a tomato sauce was actually a hit for most everyone except for me. I've had some very good short rib in my day and this one, while good, didn't surprise me. I would've ranked it lower except for some in our group this was their favorite.  8) Aguja - good flat iron steak but a bit of a "yawn" for me. Could've been saltier, could've been crustier, could've done without the butter (which I don't like on steak because it kills the salty and crusty). Still really good.  The rest:  9) Chorizo - totally expected  10) shrimp skewer - good but  a bit overcooked in my opinion  11) Mollejas - the grilled sweetbreads were quite creamy but not something we haven't had before.  12) Hueso Asado - couldn't really enjoy our bone marrow because by then the smoke was really getting to us. The jelly for the bone marrow was wonderful but I didn't think this dish was special on its own, even if we weren't slowly dying from smoke inhalation.  In any case, even the not-so-perfect dishes were tasty. Top all of this off with a couple of three mezcal based cocktails and you have a really special night. While the hostess was having a bad day, our server, and the service in general, was quite excellent. I highly recommend this restaurant for a unique and innovative (and delicious) meal. Get a reservation and go.  

                A great place to meet with friends. I drove up to the city to meet my brother and some friends, there were four of us for dinner. We ordered a few drinks and starters.  Ensalada de Palmito-hearts of palm salad Empanadas de Espinaca Croquetas-yucca and riccotta Maduro-ripe plantain, burrata, chimichurri, jicama  Pulpo-baby octopus, beans, frisée, salsa verde  Entrees to share were:  Chuleta-pork chop 14oz Gaucho-prime bone-in ribeye steak 26oz  Everything was really good except for the Gaucho steak. There is nothing like a prime bone-in ribeye. This one was just okay. It did not seem to be a prime steak. It just did not have the flavor that a prime steak should have. I grill them at home all the time and I have to say, mine is better!   Overall it was a great meal and good time.  

                El Techo de Lolinda is not the same place (although both part of the same company). If you make a reservation using the number listed on Yelp for El Techo de Lolinda, you're actually making a reservation for Lolinda, which is cool in and of itself, but it is not the rooftop bar. You will have access to the rooftop afterwards if you'd like to go up and check out the view, but the rooftop doesn't take reservations.  The food was quite good here--it is tapas style so you can share a few plates with friends and try different foods. My single favorite was the Vigorón, which is pork belly with fried yucca and some slaw on the side.  The restaurant decor is pretty fancy but the dress is casual/semi-casual. If you're looking for a cool date spot, come here for dinner and then go check out the bar/view upstairs.  +--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+  UPDATE: I got a note from the restaurant owner, and apparently you CAN make a reservation at the rooftop (El Tech de Lolinda) for weekend brunch! Reservations can be made by phone or through their website.  

                Estrellas cuatro y medio, perraaaaaaas!  Certifiably THE place to wear your horizontal stripes t-shirt*, work a hipster job, take your early-mid stage gf on her bday, solo black man dindin, and eat #norrin rad food in general.  (^_^) Blood Sausage $9 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolinda-san-francisco?select=JMsxKZ5II10XRhBSB92pZQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/loli…</a>) OG Nosferatu status, son.  (^_^) Beef Tartare $12 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolinda-san-francisco?select=Zuc3ntU6WOSCOi1lE5oO2Q">yelp.com/biz_photos/loli…</a>) Prefab on bread = great idea.  (^_^) Bone Marrow $10 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolinda-san-francisco?select=6mUXwvG0AID6_Eb0MwYwqg">yelp.com/biz_photos/loli…</a>) Dinosaur bone. #thatswhatshesaid  (-_^) Iced Coffee $2.5 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolinda-san-francisco?select=NMA9LYjZcSvR4VtCIKjZQg">yelp.com/biz_photos/loli…</a>) That's brisk, baby.  (-_^) Mystery Mocktail $5 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolinda-san-francisco?select=h9VZMJSBmSL7C6ASfLBW1A">yelp.com/biz_photos/loli…</a>) What'd I just drink? #thatswhatshesaidtoo  (-_-) Sweetbreads $12 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolinda-san-francisco?select=KqDUotfmLEJikMeZoKkvQA">yelp.com/biz_photos/loli…</a>) Sour-er than I'd like.  (+_+) Baby Octopus $13 (?) Shall return to try this!  (+_+) Pork Belly $12 (?) And this!  Hearted the service from not just the tableside workers but also front-of-house. Awes music. Qué gran experiencia!  *Also plouf.  

                Argentinian food in the middle of the Mission, right below El Techo and next to Foreign Cinema. That's some pretty stiff competition right off the bat, but Lolinda certainly delivers and carries its own weight entirely. The restaurant itself is beautiful, very wide and large ceilings with an open kitchen centered along the back wall, plenty of tables and booths in the main floor, and a bar where people waiting to be sat can comfortably gather without feeling too claustrophobic or smooshed. The interiors are dimly lit by candle light and decor has certain Latin flavors which compliments the food and the ambiance perfectly. Great music too! That being said, the meal in itself had it's ups and downs, mainly ups. I had my moments of disappointment but overall it was a very enjoyable evening.   I had never been here before, but the rest of my dining party had been there a few times. I let them order most of the things from the menu but made a point to order the lengua (beef tongue) and the bone marrow dish. My cocktail of choice was their version of a margarita which is "the liza". Our dishes began arriving to the table starting off with the Chiles a la Parrilla which were grilled shishito peppers that can either be sweet or incredibly spicy. It was kind of like Russian Roulette; will you get the sweet one or will you get the spicy one? Luckily I did not suffer from an overly spicy pepper, and the sweet ones were very delightful once garnished with lemon and drizzled with the lemon aioli.  Next came the beef tartar, or the Tartar de Carne as its called on the menu. It was spread over a crustini type bread although it was certainly more substantial than a crusitini. This was probably my first indication that I was to love this meal... there's something about raw tartar, when it's seasoned right and you can tell it's a really good quality ground beef and there's bits of olives and pickles in there to give it some extra texture. The heavens opened up at that point!  We peaked and reached the highest point of the meal when the Lengua arrived to our table. It was dark, but I could see how glazed and lovely and tender that tongue looked. IT WAS BEAUTIFUL. The garnishes around the dish which were tiny potatoes and some other sort of veggies were deliciously caramelized and the tongue was incredibly tender and juicy. I gushed and voiced my pleasure of that dish quite loudly, and I may have gotten a few stares. We definitely almost licked the plate clean, let's just put it that way.   The rest of the meal was average. I'm not looking at this as an overall negative but it was just funny how personal preference can play into the timing of what dishes come out when. I honestly could not remember the flat iron steak we ordered or even the empanadas, or even the bone marrow which was probably the BIGGEST disappointment of the meal. The bone that was selected barely had any depth to it in the first place, so there was hardly any marrow to be scraped out and half of it was over cooked. For some reason, they added a little meh of salt on the side. That always irks me when seasoning is on the side.. why is it on the side? Just season the damn thing in the kitchen! All I'm saying is it was a big disappointment how forgettable the rest of the meal was.  If you love Argentinian food, come here. Come here for the Lengua even if you've never had Argentinian food. Come here if you've never had beef tongue, ever. TRY THE LENGUA. Someone make that into a shirt and I'd wear the crap out of it. I'd like to come back here and try some of the seafood fare since it seems we were being particularly carnivorous that night.   What I recommend: LENGUA. Tartar de Carne.  

                Two things I didn't know when I entered Lolinda: it used to Medjool and it shares the same owner as Beretta.  But now it all makse sense.  The huge space, tall ceiling, high noise level.  The decor is nicer of course.  You don't need to worry about slipping on a wet floor from bachelorette parties' spilled drinks.   The food is different from Beretta's.  But level of yumminess? Same.   I am not a big meat eater, so I wasn't surprised that I enjoyed the seafood dishes like ceviche mixto (the corn fritters are so delicious and so not greasy), and the extremely tender (but crispy at the same time?) octopus.    I did surprise myself by enjoying the meat dishes.  I couldn't believe I was eating pinkish steaks, and liking them.  And moving another piece onto my plate.  Service was friendly and fast.  Bill was very reasonable.  Four of us were stuffed, overjoyed, and only spent less than $50 each.  

                Beautiful restaurant. It's very spacious and modern. For my birthday I got a table upstairs where I got a clear view of the downstairs.  The empanada was yummy and the corn fritter in the ceviche mixto was super delicious and crispy. The meat mix plate was great too, although I'm not a fan of blood sausage in general.  The server surprised me with a dessert, which is sweet and left me with an even better impression about the restaurant.  

                Still delicious!  To boot - start with cocktails. I recommend the following: - Fernet swizzle. The cinnamon and orange complemented the fernet - Frigg's slip - delicious, tangy and oooooh so yummy - Leigh-Cherie: white rum and lemon. Refreshing! My favorite of the three drinks were the fernet swizzle.  Tried the palm salad with avocado and lime dressing. Absolutely delicious!   Croquetas - delicious! Smooth and creamy.  Empanadas de pollo - those were great! The mixture of chicken and raisins was so tasty. Juicy and great!  Got the Tira grill. Short ribs with delicious seasoning  Chicken skewer with corn cobs --- oh man!! This was mouth-watering  Alfajores with vanilla milkshake (and a shot of bourbon) - the Cookies and Milk dessert. Get this!! I loved this. :)  Churros - I loved the dipping sauces with the dark chocolate and caramel.  Gotta try this place! Love trying their different things.  

                I'm a fan. Love the food and service.  

                I just died and went to heaven! This restaurant definitely made my top 3 favorite restaurants and also made #1 on my favorite tapas restaurant!! I cannot believe how blown away I was with this restaurant from the food to the ambience this restaurant gives!! So in love!  Let's get down to business! Here is what I ate:  Ceviche de Pescado - ono, aji amarillo, sweet potato, fried corn. This was my favorite dish!! The fish would just melt in your mouth, the corn was fried on the outside but yet so juicy and flavorful in the inside! The sauce that was in this dish was so good that I wanted to lick my plate! This was the only tapas dish that we ordered two of! Most reviews on Yelp talked about how great the Ceviche Mixto is but unfortunately they were sold out. BUT fortunately that means I have to come back! :)  -Empanadas De Carne - beef, raisins, egg, potato, olives, chimichurri. It was good but nothing special.  -Croquetas - yucca-ricotta croquettes, rocoto aioli. What made this dish so good was the sauce! I was dipping everything into this sauce!  -Viguron - pork belly, cabbage, jalapeño, crispy yucca, lime. This dish and the Ceviche are the two dishes that will make my mouth water every time I think about it. It will be the two dishes that make me keep coming back here! Made to perfection!  -Asado Mixto - chorizo, morcilla, flap loin, shortrib, potatoes, shishito peppers. This was the only non-tapas dish that we ordered. I could pass on this the next time I go. It wasn't my favorite thing even though Yelpers raved about it!  -Pudin - banana bread pudding, caramelized banana, tres leches, coconut ice cream. By the description it sounds so good and flavorful BUT it really was bland and the bread pudding I felt was dry. The waiter recommended this dessert which means it's probably their best dessert which also means I'm just going to pass on dessert next time I'm here.  On top of the food being amazing, the restaurant was amazing!! Here are the things I loved about it:  -The tables were not setup super close to each other.  -The restaurant is dim and has two floors. -The service was amazing! -They have valet up front but closes at 10:30pm. Keep that in mind if you are doing a late dinner.  -They have a rooftop bar. -It was a loud restaurant. As most people like a quiet intimate restaurant. I'm the opposite. i don't want to fall asleep and be bored or have awkward silence in a restaurant. I feed off the liveliness!  Tip: Make reservations as soon as possible! Gets booked up fast!  

                We were actually trying to get into El Techo de Lolinda. But since we came on a Friday night after 8p, there was a huge line for the rooftop. An hour and a half wait at least! We thought screw that and decided to go to another restaurant nearby. After we failed at that, we ended up finding a reservation on OpenTable to Lolinda and just snagged that.  Now I was recovering from a little too much fun the night before, so I couldn't really drink at Lolinda. This was a shame since the cocktails looked good. I did manage to have a glass of bubbly and I took a sip of the Rye manhattan.The glass of Juve y camps was alright, but I liked my sip of the Rye Manhattan. Altogether, our group ordered: -Syrah blend, sans liege "transcendentalist" nv ca ($13) -Rose of pinot noir, origine 2013, russian river valley ($10) -Brut reserva de la familia, juve y camps, Spain ($11) -Rye manhattan: Italian vermouth, bitters, served on the stem with a side car ($12)  Food was a little easier for me to stomach. For a group of 5 adults and one 3 year old boy, we ordered: -Ceviche mixto: squid, shrimp, ono, rocoto, fried corn ($13) -Pulpo: baby octopus, beans, frisee, salsa verde ($13) -Hueso asada: bone marrow, crostini, jicama, chile de arbol jelly ($10) -Papas: roasted potatoes, chimichurri butter ($6) -Camaron: white shrimp, potatoes,  salsa criolla ($16) -Vigoron: pork belly, cabbage, jalapeno, crispy yuca, lime ($12) -Chuleta: pork chop 14oz ($21) -Mollejas: sweetbreads, ensalada criolla, rocoto aioli ($12) -Dulce de leche flan: passion fruit jelly, almond streusel ($9) -Cookies and milk: house made alfajores, dulce de leche, vanilla milk shake ($9)  My fav of the night were the Cookies and milk! The cookies were soft and the vanilla milkshake paired with it perfectly! I also really liked the Ceviche mixto and the sauce for the Pulpo. We liked the Pulpo sauce so much, we actually asked for a side of the sauce to dip other dishes in!   The rest of the dishes, I thought were just okay. Nothing else really wowed me. But I have to admit, we had a kid with us, and we were all paying more attention to him than the actual food.   Our server was great! It honestly was a little late to be bringing a 3 year old to Lolinda, but she was attentive as our little boy spilled sauces, water, etc. She never seemed annoyed and would bring along anything we needed.  I wanna got back to Lolinda and give it another try. Since we had a group and I still wasn't fully over my lovely hangover, I didn't order as much as I wanted to. Next time!  

                Queen Bee of the mission; Lolinda  Entering the confused Mission district (hipsters by day, thugs by night), you'd expect a bunch of taquerias serving up the finest most authentic Mexican food. Except that's not Lolinda's style.  Lolinda is a quaint hidden spot, there is a dark entrance with glass doors and a kind hostess to help you out in the front. The minute you enter after confirming your seats/reservations, you will be hit with the lively atmosphere of social gatherings/business meetings/first dates/bar lovers. The bar is on the right with the most upbeat of bartenders readily to mix up their top recommendations.   I was immediately drawn in by their knowledge of their drink menu. I asked for a recommendation and my question was followed by 3 more. Do you want something fruity? Strong? What type of alcohol? Their recommendations were so great that I ended up with not 1, not 2, but 3 cocktails(from the bartenders and the servers)! They run about 9-11 dollars each, if I'm remembering correctly. OH WAIT. I just typed a paragraph on just the alcohol???? The nutty pineapple/almond one was my favorite by the way.   Lets get to the food then! We came in with a reservation for 8 for a birthday party at 930. We weren't seated until 10, which we did not even notice to begin with because we were totally digging the atmosphere. The majority of the group just finished culinary school, so the bars were set HIGH. We were kindly greeted and introduced to our server who also came readily with suggestions. We ordered all her suggestions which ranged from; Ceviche mixto; refreshing with tangy citrus. Mixed with veggies, squid, SASHIMI, and fried corn.   That fried corn... I had to order the fried corn on its own cause it was definitely the most unique thing I have ever tasted. Tastes like it was coated in crispy shrimp chips or something. But juicy kernel fritters with a savory crisp.  Short ribs; this is absolutely a must order. Cooked with just the right amount of time and temperature. The exact color short ribs should be with a fall off the bone consistency. Put it on top of the baguette that it came with.  Pork belly; We ordered one for the group of 8 against the servers recommendations. She said "I guarantee you guys 1 will not be enough, think you guys will fall in love" Well Lolinda obviously has some geniuses that work there because she was CORRECT AS CAN BE. The most tender pork belly I have ever tasted. Not too salty and the fat was not at all overwhelming.   Also, the owner stopped by and dropped off some croquetas, fluffy potato pancakes. Moist on the inside with a light crunch on the outside. He also hooked up some charred peppers with dipping sauce, simple, but the charring was beauts! Why did we get these dishes on the house? because apparently we were seated 30 mins late. Thank you guys so much for remembering what skipped our mind. And reimbursing us with some of your delicious tapas.   The tapas are small and ranged from 8-15 dollars, not an everyday thing but it is definitely worth a try. It has a sophisticated/loud vibe, 2 bathroom stalls per gender. But definitely something to remember about the lovely Mission district in San Francisco.  

                Been 2x. Each time was delightful. Food was awesome, wine was perfectly matched and the cocktails were well chosen. Nothing pretentious.   I'll be back.  

                Love love love this place. Amazing food. Servers can have a little attitude, but still worth it.  

                Disappointed. Went looking for Argentinian asado, came out unsatisfied. It just did not hit the spot.  

                Great place for dinner. The mixed meat sampler is absolutely delicious.   Rustic ambience, which I really like, makes for a nice date place or just hanging out with friends.  

                The whole month of July was all about tapas food for me and I'm not going to complain, how could I? I heart Tapas!   Fun vibrant ambiance at Lolinda is the way to go for a group outing. Better yet, date night would be just as swell. Bring an appetite because you'll likely want to try everything from the menu. Varieties of small plates to full on entrees; drinks is as good as it get (must try Oaxaquita ).  Our group ordered:  - Ceviche Mixto = acidity was on point. Yum!  - Empanadas de Pollo and Carne = typical.  - Croquetas = didn't care much for this.   - Asado Mixto = perfect for sharing.   - Lengua = FAVORITE DISH OF THE NIGHT!  - Dessert: Tres Leches, Flourless Chocolate Cake, and Dulce de Leche Flan.   There is no better way to end the night with three desserts. That's right, three desserts for moi! I don't care if I'm going to get a love handle that is already pre-existing. I love me some of that Dulce de Leche Flan and Tres Leches cake. Muy delicioso!  Stuffing my face silly with my group of friends at Lolinda was fantastic. I can't wait to come back here again. I hope you give this place a try! Cheers!  

                I expected the service to be shit, but it was pretty good! Sharon is seriously so sweet and nice.  We ordered the short rib, ceviche, and flat iron steak. All really good!! I expected the ceviche to come with chips, but it didn't and one of the workers were nice enough to let us have some on the house. lol They also surprised us with dessert on the house since they knew it was our anniversary! Seriously so sweet!  

                DO NOT go to Lolinda with a group and get the prix fixe menu.   The amount of food you get is really not worth it for the price. We celebrated a duel birthday there last weekend for me and my pal, Fleep, and got the $58/person prix fixe menu. After tax and tip, it ends up being about $75/person sans boozy booze. Okay, fine; by the looks of the menu, we're going to be stuffed from all of the food anyway, right? Wrong. None of us left hungry, but certainly none of us left full. For example, one of the appetizers was ceviche. Perfect. Who doesn't like ceviche? Well they brought 3 orders of ceviche for 14 people. Okay...why does the ceviche have only one shrimp per order? Should we split each shrimp 5 ways and draw sticks to see who gets the extra 1/5 shrimp? That is the most egregious of the food portioning nightmare that I lived through, but that's pretty much how it went for each course of the meal. You MAYBE got a taste of each dish (and I cannot emphasize that maybe enough), but nothing could be described as substantial.  If I were just rating the quality of the food, the atmosphere, and the service, I would give Lolinda 5 stars because the food is quite good, the service was fast and friendly, and it's a really large and beautiful space. However, if I were rating based on the value and whether or not I would recommend Lolinda to other groups of friends, it would get 2 stars or 3, at best.  However, I do think that it is a nice date place. Obviously it is a bit pricey no matter how many people are in your party, but it's good enough and sufficiently swanky that you would definitely get bonus points for bringing a date here. Because of that, I will give it 4 stars!  

                I've had my eye on Lolinda for awhile now, especially since I've heard so many positive things. The space is beautiful space with a nice entrance way, lots of wood and spread over two levels. Our server was attentive and gave us some good recommendations since it was our first time.   We had: Ceviche mixto: delicate seafood, very fresh. Strangely, the best part of the dish was the accompanying corn fritter. It was crisp and was a nice complement to the tangy coldness of the ceviche. Like others, I could have eaten that fritter on its own plate! Empandas - Tasty, and if you've had empanadas before this one was nothing to write home about.  Ribeye - This is the part of the meal I was most looking forward to and I was disappointed. It was  supposed to be the star of the meal but I found it tough and needing more flavour. The portion was large, and easy to share with between two people (maybe even three) but as the main of the meal, I found it to be the most unremarkable part. Side mushrooms - I'm a sucker for sauteed mushrooms so this was delicious, if a bit pricey.  Would I go to Lolinda again? Perhaps, but when there's so many other places to go to in the Mission...  

                I love this place, we had tried everything from bone marrow to the steak; everything was delicious! I can't wait to go back again!  

                Second favorite restaurant in SF after Hillstone! We'd come here more often if it wasn't so pricey! Everything is tasty!  

                Food is good as always, but the service today is HORRIBLE... Our waitress for some reason is very impatient from the minute we sat down, even when the restaurant is barely half full. I can understand that she must be busy during rush hour on a Friday night, but she then started to take our plate away without asking if we have finished...and we have to ask the boys serving food to refill some water for us since it's hard to get any attention. Must say this is the only bad taste left in mouth for the whole evening. However to be fair we did enjoyed the dishes very much. The blood sausage and short ribs are fantastic, pork belly is definitely beyond expectation as it melts in my mouth. Will I visit again? Yes. But maybe in another area.  

                DELICIOUS AMAZING SCRUMPTIOUS.  I am in love with this restaurant. Everything we ordered was good.  1. Bone Marrow - I haven't had bone marrow in a long time and this definitely reminded me why I should keep ordering it at various restaurants. The jam it came with perfectly paired with the fattiness of the marrow.  2. Empanadas - This I could've passed on to order something else but empanadas are always good no matter what  3. Peppers - delicious, spicy, exciting, sour, smokey  4. Cerviche - fresh, tangy, fried corn!!!!  5. Rib Eye (18 oz) - the star of the show. We got medium rare and each bite was better than the previous. I definitely recommend getting this and then getting a bunch of small bites to share.  This place isn't cheap but I would definitely come back again!  

                The food was excellent and freshly made.  I would have given it 5 stars for the food alone but alas, the server (Crystal) was indifferent and inattentive (guess she is used to drunken ladies who don't tip or something) and it was extremely loud!  The wind breaks were up so there was no place for the noise to go.   Dear Management:  Please make the bathrooms non-gender specific.  

                Great service, amazing food, and beautiful ambiance! I scheduled a reservation for 2 day-of and was quickly seated upon arriving. Our waitress was super helpful and sweet throughout our dining experience. The restaurant is dimly lit but has an open, comfortable, and modern environment.   We ordered two cocktails, the Leigh-Cherie and Fernet Swizzle, and enjoyed both. I preferred the former since it was refreshing and fruity without being overly sweet.  Our dinner consisted of the ceviche mixto, empanadas de carne, vigorón, and maduro. I loooooved the vigorón (pork belly with cabbage and lime), since it had a great balance of tenderness and flavor. I wasn't sure about the cabbage but it actually paired well. My second favorite dish was the ceviche mixto; everything about it tasted fresh and refined.  I enjoyed the maduro (plantains with salsa); it was an interesting combination but I wish I'd tried it shortly after they brought it out while it was still warm. I didn't find the empanadas to be bad but I thought they were lacking in flavor, even with the chimichurri.   Overall, probably one of my favorite meals in the city. I'd love to come back, check out the roof and try some more amazing food here, there's a lot to choose from!  

                I'm going to keep it short and sweet!  Besides being a bit loud - the food was Amazing.  Beet salad, ceviche pescado, flat iron steak, potatoes, chocolate flourless cake, bread pudding, Spanish wine, martini...loved everything.  Steak was prepared perfectly medium.  The beets in the beet salad were a tiny, tiny bit to lemony or citrusy for me - but I still loved it and the potatoes helped take the edge off...would still totally order it again.  At first I was a little put off by the service time (little lapses here and there).  However, by then end of the evening I really appreciated the pace because I felt like we were really having a dining EXPERIENCE and the pace ended up being perfect for us.  We were there celebrating Valentine's Day so...it was nice to take it slow and chat...laugh...ponder...play footsies under the table : ).  Did I say I would keep it short?  Oh well.  

                Came back last night with four other friends because one friend wanted bone marrow and another wanted ribeye! Service was a bit slower this time, but food remains stellar. Our reservation was at 8pm, but got seated right away around 7:45pm though we arrived early. Empanadas were delicious and ribeye was once again cooked to perfection- medium rare. Had two orders of bone marrow which was very good! Not overly rich and they were big. A bit of the jelly complimented it very well. Ono ceviche was light and refreshing, delightful. Pork belly was a tiny dry in the lean area, maybe could use a bit more sauce. I didn't have the croquettes because I don't eat ricotta, but they looked really good and my friends enjoyed them. We were in need to order another item and the waitress recommended the pork chop. We were a bit hesitant because pork chop could be so dry. Boy! All of us were blown away by how moist, tender, and delicious it was.  Lastly we had the bread pudding for dessert- I'm not a fan of bread pudding, but this I can enjoy.  Lolinda did it again!! Overall another solid meal.  

                I enjoyed Lolinda a lot.  It has a very cool vibe that is perfect for a date or after work.  My group ordered the following:  Bone marrow: I was surprised that one order only includes one bone.  I'm used to restaurants typically giving two bones.  Regardless, the marrow was very flavorful.  I'd recommend ordering it.  Pork belly: I enjoyed the slaw that came with the belly.  My group thought it was a bit bland, but for me it had good flavoring.  Steak tartare: Very small portion.  I wish there was more of it to go around.    Ribeye: Good sear and rendering of the fat.  Cooked to a perfect medium well.  Blood sausage: My first time having it, and I was pleasantly surprised with how tender and juicy it was.   Our waiter was attentive without being overbearing.    I would definitely visit again but only for a special occasion.  Our bill came to approximately $200 with tip for 3 people.  

                Lolinda is the best restaurant in SF. Being from south of Brazil, I know what good meat is, and this place surely serves some awesomely made and authentic Argentinian barbeque. Trust me, it's a little pricey but it's worth it.  

                Argentine steakhouse with tapas to share! This place is pretty good. It's dim-lit for a more romantic/intimate feeling. I don't remember everything we had but I do recall the steak being really good. Their desserts are yummy too! Save room.  

                I love El Mission dining, and Lolinda doesn't dissapoint.  The waitress was charming and helpful. The ambience was classy, chill and dimly lit. Service was excellent.  I felt like all the tapas were excellent. .artichokes,  corn empanadas, papas, ceviche. I would be a return customer happily!!  

                I love Lolinda. I think it's my favorite restaurant in San Francisco.   Everything is just...on point. Cool ambiance. Great cocktails. AMAZING MENU AND RED MEAT OPTIONS. Good value too - everytime I leave feeling full and like I paid a fair price for the food and experience.   My personal menu faves are: (#1 all time best ever) Gaucho Bone In Ribeye steak. 26 oz, $72 dollars, cooked medium rare + chimichurri sauce. So so so SO good.   Also love - empanadas, ceviche, the fried potato cheese things (croquettes?) the avocado/hearts of palm salad, all the deserts....everything is spot on. In a place with such cool vibes and a focus on protein, you might think that the appetizers, salads and deserts could be an afterthought but THEY ARE NOT.   I love this place so much.  

                First meal in San Fran! Staff was super friendly and we just ordered "tapas" the ceviche was amazing and the pulpo too. Overall great restaurant.  

                Good steaks, a nice dimly-lit atmosphere, and friendly staff. The rooftop bar is nice, too.  

                Ambiance and service = fantastic, dark, romantic, beautiful design and appearance.   Bathroom = super clean, haha  Food = nothing to write home about, not worth returning for. Ceviche mix was good but the slickness took over your palate. Bone marrow was tiny, granted, it's only $10 (last experience with marrow was at Bouchon and that could can't be topped) but the jelly it comes with is good! The meat sampler was such a disappointment. Greasy, and just meh. The boneless cut and bone in cut were bland buy cooked well, the sausage (chorizo? Really?) tasted like the sausage I buy at the grocery store to throw into my spaghetti at home, the blood sausage was okay but nothing spectacular. The peppers were bland, but the potatoes were good and seasoned well.   Dessert: probably should have had the churro but waiter convinced me to get the flourless chocolate cake ($10, not $9 like rest of the dessert menu..)...It was good!! Haha best part of the dinner.   Would I return? Not really. But had to try to figure that out!  

                mmmmm legit. I am obsessed with spanish tapas. nom. Street parking is tough to find and it can be a bit shady in the perpendicular streets so just make sure to lock up. So I read that there is bar sweating and a communal table. I assumed that you can just walk in and sit there and order food. Correction. You can sit at the bar without reservation and just snag some seats. The communal table is like any other table and you need to put your name down for that. It is just that you will be sharing the table with others. Luckily I was able to grab the last two seats and it was still popping at 9pm. My recommendation is to make reservations regardless because it will be packed. It is actually really nice inside and you will see a lot of dates going on downstairs. Upstairs is for parties I believe. I would totally come here for my birthday just cuz the vibe is cool.  The two of us were pigs and ordered a good amount of dishes. The portions are small so I think two people is a good amount since it can easily be split with two. Three would be pushing it and four is meh. Pricing is pretty reasonable since it is like you are ordering a bunch of appetizers. It ended up being $30 a person which isnt that bad for a nice experience and yummy food.   1) Chicken empanadas- Buttery goodness that comes with two. I would get this if I was feeling it again. Def worth a try. 2) Ceviche Mixto- This is a mix of seafood like squid, shrimp and other slices of fish. Def recommend this because it tasted so fresh and clean. 3) Bone marrow- I used to eat some pork bone marrow back in the day in my mom's soup. This was nostalgic and you are supposed to spread it on some slices of crispy bread. Quite classy. I dont think I would ever crave this but if you are into it, order it.  4) Churros- These were pretty damn good. I dont usually eat churros but I was feeling it. The chocolate dip is wayyy too sweet and I preferred the caramel one. However, I wouldnt have ordered this knowing how delicious the milk and cookies were. 5) MILK AND COOKIES!!- omg this was soooo good. This literally made it a 5 star restaurant. It isnt even milk but more of a ice cream milk shake. One order of milk and cookies comes with three cookies and two of those shots of milk. I was going to order 2 because I didnt know how many it came with. That would have been bad...anyway the cookies are sooo good. You know those soft sugar cookies with pink frosting and sprinkles. The cookie part is like that and the insides are some dulce sweet something filling. soooo good. Must order. I thought this dish is so unique because I dont see many spanish argentinian tapa places especially with milk and cookies. I see churros but not this good stuff. nom.  

