                YUM  If you want classic, filling, taco shop Mexican food go here! Be aware of  the wicked lunch rush (a good sign). They have all the standard options and good salsas. I recommend shrimp tacos or potato taquitos.. Everything is good though.. especially the beans! mmm!  

                Wooowho my 100th review!!  After checking out the reviews me and the dad decided to give this place a go. Did I mention it's about a mile from the hizzzouse.  I had a shrimp taco. All I can say is: although it was good, it wasn't enough. The dad had three carne asada tacos and cleaned his plate.  We went through two baskets of chips and two cups of salsa: I guess that says something about how good it was.  There were several items on the menu that were definitely mouth wateringly eye catching so I will be going back for sure.  I think I will be trying the carne asada fries or the Dorito nachos... my mouth is watering thinking about it.  I give this place 3 yumms up!!  

                Not sure why its marked as only one dollar sign  Should be marked as two  Basic tacos That are $2 a piece   Are not cheap in the food market  

                Fantastic food, great service and all around great establishment. Tried this place randomly one day and it has become one of my favorite places to eat at on occasion. I would recommend this place to anyone and have brought several of my close friends here who have all enjoyed it as much as I do.  

                Pretty good Mexican food. The cashier was super friendly and helpful and was very patient with my wife who could not figure out what she wanted. I ordered the steak torta and my wife had 1 tamale and 2 crispy tacos.  The torta was absolutely delicious and I really loved the three flavored hot sauces they had. My wife also agreed that this Mexican food was way better than some of the other places we've tried around the area. Unfortunately I felt really greasy after eating it and the next day my wife and I were fighting over the bathroom, it was definitely because of the hot sauce we drenched our food in. Overall a pleasant experience  but don't get anything hotter than the medium sauce or your stomach will make you pay!  

                Their pastor is off the hook. I've got in tacos, horchata, nachos, Papas tacos, all have been very good. Their menu can be you can be a little bit in terms of choices, but if you're looking for a variety this is a nice little Mexican restaurant to choose from.  

                I go here all the time and love it so much! The prices are affordable and the quality is excellent. I go here with my friends for lunch regularly. Best of all, it's really close to Bart, Downtown Concord, and is in a nice big shopping center with lots of parking available. Their burritos are dynamite!  

                I came here craving some authentic Mexican food that didn't cost a fortune and was fast. I have to say this place delivered!  I ordered the #11 (sopes) and it came with rice and black beans. The sopes had beans, lettuce, onions and sour cream on top. I added some spicy salsa and was delicious. It was a hefty portion so I only ended up eating half. Pitiful... I know =(  Note: Their re-fried beans are not vegetarian and contain lard so if that bothers you then opt for their black beans or pinto beans =)  

                I ordered the carne asada torta and it was awesome. My fiance ordered the taco plate and she said she was very happy. Her plate came with 4 tacos rice and beans. Mine came with just the torta itself and that was plenty. We also shared carne asada fries and i wasnt to excited about them. They used curly fries instead of regular fries which made a big difference.    The ladies working were awesome. They were friendly and polite. Overall great food and i will come back for sure.  P.S. free refills a big plus lol. And the had tvs that had the giants game on.  

                Don't let the strip-mall location fool you, there are some seriously good eats to be had at this gem! Proximity to BART makes this place a no-brainer for commuters coming back to Concord. Service is friendly and prompt, and the portions are plentiful.  

                So the only thing I really come here for is their Al Pastor tacos. It is thee best Al Pastor I've had outside the city--flavorful, and splendidly greasy.  There was ONE time when we ordered a little later in the night, and their Al Pastor was saaalltttyy! My kidneys were hurting as I took one bite. It hasn't happened again so I will overlook that one unpleasant incident. They do have Carne Asada fries if you are craving. As you may know, there aren't a lot of taquerias who serve C.A Fries. I've had some bomb ones from San Diego, so theirs rate mediocre by comparison.  Why 4 stars?? I was dining in the last time I was there and I saw a lady climb up a ladder and scrub the top of the stove and the exhaust in an OCD-like fashion! I just couldn't help but smile in amusement. Gotta give a star for that.  

                I frequently go around trying new places. I found out about this place the beginning of this year from a co-worker and i just had to stop by. I've been here about 15 times since then and this is my first review (yes i know, it is way over due.)   I've ordered plenty of different items here from Wet burritos both red and green sauce, super burrito, tacos, bobby burrito with the steak and tri tip, carne asada fries, tamales, tortas, taco salad and enchiladas. Everything I've had did not disappoint me at all. I always see the same crew when i eat so it feels a little bit like a family joint. Some of them even come to me for services at my job as well, so every time i come in, it feels right at home which makes the experience so much better.  Every day around lunch time, they are crazy busy! I would expect a half hour if you're trying to get your food around 12-3, so plan accordingly if you're coming from work during your lunch break.   Even with all those hungry customers, the ladies manning the grill and reg still do it with ease and great customer service. And in my book, that is enough for me to keep coming back even if coming here will be out of my way sometimes.  

                My sister was going through a wicked taco craving, so we came here on my cousin's recommendation. I'd had a burrito the day before, so I ordered the carne asada fries, my favorite from my drunken college nights.  The fries themselves were curly fries, which is something I've never seen before and greatly enjoyed. There was the classic combination of fake nacho cheese and real cheese. There was plentiful guac and sour cream and super spicy pico de gallo. The carne asada was pretty damn tasty as well.   My sister inhaled her tacos in about a minute flat (not even joking), so I'd say that the tacos were a success too.  If you're looking for something different from the typical carne asada fry, this is your spot.  

                This place is the real deal. Delicious tacos and burritos. If you've ever had good mexican food in southern california or baja this place is right up there.  

                They would have received a solid 4 star if they had a salsa bar.   As it is, very well priced Mexican food. Standard taqueria. Light on the mariscos items. They do have fish tacos, shrimp burritos etc.   Standard fried fish tacos only $2 each!  Grilled tilapia tacos $2.75!  Kids burrito is only   $3.75!  And they were good-sized for mini-burritos. They also gave the option of refried, whole or black beans in their burritos. Not all places do that.   Tacos were solid. We both wanted the grilled tilapia, but I somehow ended up with the standard fish tacos. They were decent, but I do not care for fried fish or cheese with my fish. My husband was nice enough to give me some of his grilled fish tacos, which were better.   They do have little containers of salsa available by the register (only 3 kinds). And they give you a basket of chips (more available when you ask). Like I said, would have liked to see a full salsa bar.   Would not go out of my way to come back, but a decent choice if in the area.  

                MY GO TO FOR MEXICAN FOOD. IT'S DELICIOUS. The carne asada is very flavorful unlike other restaurants I been to. I LOVE LOVE LOVE their tortas . Their homemade tamales are <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbomb.com&s=bb4f996415a9c2f21137e27cfb68f439a48cec2652b53e9b50dd7e766dbe177e" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bomb.com</a>. Oh & they're famous for their carne asada fries, which are oh so yummy! THIS PLACE IS A MUST!!!!! You won't regret it & their customer service is A1.  

                So far all the food we've had here is really good!!!  my only complaints are,  takes a while to get are food everytime we've come and the hours suck, 6pm on Sundays and 9pm the rest of the days.  But all in all the food is better than most of the other Mexican joints in the area in my opinion.  

                Screw this place. They tried to say a 10 dollar bill I had was fake and then they wouldn't give me back my money. I had to wait for the cops to get their...I had been there quite a bit but Will never give them another cent of my money...rude ugly ass broad  

                found another Gem.  Great Mexican food, excellent seasoning..real good.  I ordered the Carne Asada fries.  Basically it's some curly fries with some nacho cheese, pico de gallo, guacamole, carne asada, that is seasoned to perfection.  Service is great.  Food portion is great.  Looking forward to eating here more.  there goes my diet..cuz im going today.  whoot whoo  

                Tacos and burritos aren't complicated.  But that doesn't mean that they shouldn't be made with care.  If you eat here, you get exactly what you should get.    Simple food, with simple ingredients, made with care.  The food is cooked correctly.  The ingredients are largely traditional.  (Except for all the cheese and dairy, but hey, they're feeding Americans here.)  They make their tamales from scratch, the guacamole tastes like it had lime juice in it, and the steak and prawns aren't cooked until they're jellybeans.    If you're looking for a fast, fresh bite, this is your jam.  Right across from the Concord BART station.  

                There are countless places like this in California offering tasty, reasonably priced, variations on Mexican classics.  And that's a good, good thing....sometimes a wealth of high-quality food options is an awesome thing.  

                First time here yesterday and the food was delicious. Its not bland, its very flavorful.  I ordered the carne asada fries and a horchata. My fiancé ordered the panchos tacos. The food was packed on and thats a huge plus.  We would be coming back for sure!  

                I have eaten at over 200 Mexican restaurants/taquerias/taco trucks all over the bay area. I hate wasting my money on a taste-less worthless burrito. I am now on a personal mission to review as many different Mexican restaurants/taquerias/taco trucks as possible so people know where they can get delicious burritos and not waste their money. i am not here to bash or slam places, just give a simple helpful review from a burrito connoisseur. If you are a restaurant/taqueria/taco truck owner and don't agree with my review, then invite me back for a 2nd chance... With that being said:  I love this place. The burritos are priced slightly high than some taquerias but you can tell why once you taste their meat.  The steak is prolly the best steak I have had in a burrito. It is marinated very well and usually cooked right then to order. The chicken is also well marinated and very tasty. The rice and beans are above average but nothing speacial, and they use cheese that melts nicely. The place that sets this place apart from any other burrito place is their steak though, it truly is amazing.  They also have specialty items such as asada fries and california style asada burritos.  I eat here religiously and will always continue to do so  

                So 2 Baja style fish tacos A chile Relleno (meal in it self) best cheese enchilada & rice & beans on the side TotAl$=17.change Really? Did u 4get to charge me 4sumtin This is 2day food 4me Did I mention the coolest nicest energy ever No I am not related nor am I in the inner circle Ima 3X a week customer  

                This place has really good Carnitas.  The taco salad bowl is excellent.  

                Screamin' Pork Tacos!!! Screamin'! A must try. I haven't had anything bad here. They'll even text you specials and offers if you opt in for this feature. Went there on a Sunday after mass and they just closed as I parked. As I walked up and shook the door, the girl inside saw me and waved for me to come back. She unlocked the door and let me in to place my order. Prices are accordingly set to the quality of food.  

                Highly recommend the potato tacos. It's rare to find them on a menu. The hot salsa is excellent.  

                My boyfriend and I went in last week and got food to go. I got a wet chicken burrito and he got an al pastor super burrito. They were both VERY VERY big and only $8 each (a good size for the money!). The quality of the meat overall, was very good. The chicken was delicious and my bf loved the al pastor (it's always his favorite). We also got some of their homemade horchata and some fruity hibiscus tea /juice that was pretty good as well. The service was excellent ! The girl that was working when we went gave us the hibiscus drink for free because we had never had it before. She was really nice and cheerful, and we got out food pretty fast.   Overall it was an awesome experience!  

                When you're hungry you want to get a meal quickly. So I decided to stop by at Los Tacos de Pancho since I was already on Clayton Rd. The wait time was crazy. My son was with me so I had to be creative in how to entertain the preschooler. Not to mention he was also hungry. I had been here before and I remember that the food was good but I don't remember about the wait times. The guy at the counter was nice. I got the Panchos Burito and the kid chicken enchilada. I also got the hibiscus drink. We paid less than ten dollars for our meal.  The food I say was decent. The Burito was swimming in cheese bean salsa. This maybe authentic but I'd rather have them on the side separate from the Burito. I got mine take out so the sauce went everywhere. The staff warned me to be careful and I was careful but it was a lot and there was really not a lot of things I can do to contain the salsa. What a mess when we got home. The Burito was good. It had enough chicken, rice, cilantro, beans and cheese. Very tasty. Not soggy inside unlike other Burito I tasted in the area. The Burito was too big for me that I had eaten it for lunch the next day. The chicken enchilada was ok but my son said it was spicy. He ate half of it. The hibiscus was good too but I wonder how much sugar went into the drink to make it taste sweet. I didn't finish it. Overall four stars because of the price and the taste of the Burito. I'll definitely come back next time I'm craving for a Burito. The wait times needs to be improved.  

                If you come by here, they are most famous for their Carne Asada Fries! For around $9, one order can feed at minimum two people. There is something so perfect about their fries expertly topped with steak pieces, huge dollops of sour cream and guacamole, with heavenly cheese. then Just a word of caution... You are NOT here to count calories!  

                The food here is a bit on the expensive side but the quality of the dishes and the selection is definitely worth it.  

                Love this place great tacos! Try the cali burrito or carne asada fries hella good! Cool people always friendly love having this taco spot right near me.  

                Just the gold standard for Mexican food. Try the Chimichanga.......it is amazing.  

                I had a Vegetarian Burrito which was amazing with flavor. The staff greeted you right away and  was very helpful.  I highly recommend Los Tacos de Pancho for a great meal.  

                Hands down, my favorite place to get mexican food. I've been coming here the past three years thanks to my boyfriend for introducing it to me. I seriously compare every mexican place I eat at to this place. I am never disappointed with their food! The meat is always flavorful and not fatty whatsoever. My favorite thing to get are the steak soft tacos or a mini burrito with sour cream and I sometimes ask for grilled onions inside and its the ONLY place I know that will do that for me. Every time I ask for grilled onions at other restaurants the person at the register tells me, "I'll ask if they can"...how hard is it to grill some onions? Whatevs that's why I keep coming here!   Oh and their rice is also my favorite! So different than the typical mexican rice. I love that they add the veggies and it tastes so much better that way. The staff is also very friendly every time I come in. Love this place!  

                FYI, hot means hot here. You have been warned.  

                Came in from late night of working ate the BOBY BURRITO. It's a surf and turf in a buritto. Shrimp a la diabla and with slice carne asada. Avacado pico de gallo why say more. Must try and enjoy! Great service and friendly server's.  Loved it!  

                OK so today I go in and decide I want to try something different. I am so hooked on the fish taco's but feeling I want to be a little on the " bad" calorie side.  I ordered the "California Burrito" San Diego style. They add steak and potato's with veggies. OMGOSH amazing idea! I love it. I guess anything in a tortilla really is good!   Love it , gotta try it if you haven't!  

                Love the carna asada fries! Great place for Mexican food with great service! The food is terrific and inexpensive also they hook it up! Always lots of meat they never go cheap  

                I have been coming here for about 7 years! A local gem that's close to home and family owned! You can't beat that!   Tons of options on the menu board as you walk in. A few tables and a small t.v. to watch the game if you want. The area isn't the nicest but well lit and seems to be a stop well liked by concord police. I always see them in there eating.  The staff is super nice, fast, and friendly. Large portions, good spices, and prices!  I've got everything from enchiladas, tacos, burritos here, and everything has always been great and I usually can't finished what I get. Also great salsas and fries. I haven't had a bad experience here yet and better that a lot of more expensive places in the area. Not a high end place, but that not why you would go here. You go for great food and even better prices.  

