                My first experience with Lithuanian food at a restaurant, and I loved it!  Lunch portions are available for half price, but I got the dinner portion of the flour dumplings (12), a dark red beer, and the honey cake and all were phenomenal.   Dishes are European sized, but very satisfying. Really big eaters may want a salad, soup, or to try two lunch portions, or three desserts....  

                I was so craving Lithuanian comfort food after getting off our cruise ship, which unfortunately had very disappointing food.  This restaurant popped up on my yelp solely by coincidence as I had Mexican "tortas" in the search section. This same word in Lithuanian means torte as in multi layered cake.  So when Mama Papa Restaurant appeared, I knew I would have to make a trek there from my hotel in a Emeryville.  It never even occurred to me to search for a Lithuanian restaurant so this was my lucky day.  I loved the quaint, rustic, interior.  I was dining alone so I was seated at a charming small table by the window.  I really didn't have to look at the menu, as I was laser focused on getting a capelinas and six koldunai with meat.  I would have also loved to try the beet soup and potato pancakes but I knew my initial order would stick with me most of the day.  The reason I gave 3 stars vs. 4 for this place is because they did not serve the traditional melted butter (Sometimes sautéed onion pieces)  and MOST importantly bacon bits.  I grew up eating this stuff as my whole entire family and extended family are Lithuanian.  All the dumplings my family made were served with a combo of butter, bacon & sour cream.  The absence of this salty concoction really took an important flavor component away. Also, my mom served a nice warm creamy white sauce with onion on the capelinai, along with the bacon bits (see a trend here?).  I appreciated the version they served which was a creamy cold sauce packed with diced mushrooms.  I think this dish would be tons time better with the sauce being warmed, as the shrooms barely imparted much flavor.  Nevertheless, I still enjoyed their versions of some of my favorite Lithuanian dishes and would happily return carrying my personal baggy filled with bacon bits.  

                Hm. Ok, So....  FOOD: Its hard to explain. Its weird. Not food you are used to for sure.  The first time we came here I ordered the Chicken Goulash and it wasnt that great. It was basically a small amount of chicken and tiny potatoes in watery tomato juice.  The second time we came here I ordered the potato pancakes and OMG, they definitely should be saved for days after you do a big workout! Very filling! We tried a few desserts as well, the Dumplings w/cherrys is our favorite. I wasnt impressed at all with the Lazy Pie, it was extremely dry and unremarkable. The honey cake is ok but not something I would order again.   ATMOSPHERE: The inside of this restaurant is perfect! I love it. The decor is relaxing and my husband wants to take the wood chairs home with him. Its a great place for couples to relax and chill. The back patio is perfect for families who want to spread out and have a good dinner.   SERVICE: Not that great. They really need to hire more staff. Our waiter forgot us a few times and it was frustrating.  

                I have had Polish food once before but this is the first time we had Lithuanian food.  The only one in the west coast that it is a bit of a surprise to see something this eclectic in alameda of all places.  Although we are in Alameda quite often, it took the Yelp newsletter for me to even know about this place, but as soon as I saw the name, I immediately bookmarked it.  Then as luck would have it, I happen to see it participating in <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Frestaurant.com&s=c5fe485af4df376130bee54f875814d79c4d7913e1258123b1206d2bdbf4873b" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">restaurant.com</a> so knew it was fate to try it sooner rather than later.    We started off with the borscht with mushrooms and the cream of mushroom soups, both delicious that I couldn't decide which I liked better as I alternated between the two, so we will call it a draw.  Even harder to decide for the entrees so we got the potato dumpling with meat since it was listed as a Lithuanian favorite.  It was good but I have to admit one of my lesser favorite items of the night.  Hubby wanted to try the chicken and potato goulash which I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed it with the cabbage salad that accompanied it.  Saving the best for last, was my and apparently many fellow Yelpers favorite, the potato cake with meat.  Crispy on the outside filled with flavorful meat on the inside and topped with sour cream, needless to say that dish didn't last long.    Generous portions at a reasonable price to enjoy on a warm early evening in their outside beer garden makes it a winner in our book.  Although it is a bit loud, I enjoyed being outside more than the few minutes inside which I found a bit too dark for my taste.  

                Had dinner here the other night and was blown away by how incredible the experience was.  I've never been to Lithuania, but I've been to the Baltic and once you enter the establishment with its wooden interior and photos of the country, and social dim vibe, I felt as if I was in Europe.  What makes this place special is that not only is the atmosphere amazing, but the quality of the food makes this quite possibly the best dining experience in all of the City of Alameda.  Comment on a few of the dishes:  The Borscht (beet soup, with dab of sour cream and cilantro, etc) was excellent and makes a great starter.  For the main dish, I had the Stuffed Chicken Roll, which comes with a healthy and hearty assortment of mixed veggies and potatoes in a brothy sort of sauce that is out of this world excellent.  I also tried the cabbage dumpling, one of the best tasting things I've eaten in a long time (it was the bomb!!! A home run!!!).  For dessert, I had the Honey Cake which is quite possibly the single greatest piece of cake that I have ever eaten in my life.  It is a multi layered cake with a chocolate outside shell while the inside is a raisin tasty sort of cake, similar to carrot cake with layers of creme cheese fused with honey.  It was so good I nearly fainted.  This place serves authentic Lithuanian beer which I haven't tried (but I'll be back again so maybe next time) and even unfiltered coffee which tasted superb with the honey cake.  Another unique thing they serve is a fermented rye drink that is slightly sweet and has the texture of beer without containing alcohol called Kvass.  It's very interesting and strongly recommend.  There are two places you can eat here, the main dining area or the beer garden in the back.  The beer garden has a casual, loud fun vibe where the dining area is a little more intimate.  The acoustics in the beer garden aren't very good so if you wanna be loud, you eat there.  The acoustics in the dining area aren't the best but it's still social enough for you to carry a conversation without going deaf.  The staff here are very committed to taking care of you and are friendly and helpful.  My experience here was the best dining experience I've had in quite a while.  Love this place.  

                Herbal tea made from herbs hand picked in the wilderness of Lithuania, hearty traditional food (we had smoked salmon salad, cabbage rolls, and amazing layered honey cake) and friendly staff happy to talk about the unique history of Lithuania. What a great place! Oh... oh and that lovely garlic fried rye bread. Addictive!  

                I feel our community is served well with this unique restaurant among us. My husband and I had lunch here for the first time, and it was such a treat. I felt like I stepped into Old Country with the hearty interior and the heavy wood chairs and table. My husband tried one of the Lithuanian beers and it was really good, at least it was to me since I liked it because it was slightly sweet. I tried the amber tea because I was curious. The presentation is beautiful, but I really couldn't taste anything. It was like drinking hot water with some honey. I'm not sure how many cups I have to drink before getting any health benefits. I'd have to dock that just 1/2 star since I paid $6 for it.  For lunch, we tried the following and they were all so delicious and filling: Cream of Mushroom soup (they don't skimp on the mushrooms!) Stuffed Cabbage Rolls Stuffed Chicken Rolls  We accidentally ordered a full order instead of a lunch order, which is half order, half-price. It was a happy accident since we ate it all up, and felt so full the rest of the day that we both didn't really want a full dinner later. Customer service was great, except our waitress had a bit of a cough which was a bit concerning but I didn't get sick so all is good (knock on wood). This restaurant is certainly at the top of our list!  

                Yum yum yum!!!!  I was doing a happy dance on the walk here from Le BF's apartment. I couldn't believe my luck that there was an actual Eastern European food place on Alameda.   We went for lunch which I'm so happy we did - for lunch you can get half orders. So more things to try for half the price.   We started off with borszcz. This is one of my favorite Polish dishes and did not disappoint. The waitress said it was one of the most popular dishes and we could see why. We also got some of their teas - it wasn't my, ahem, cup of tea but they weren't bad. I've heard the amber one is really good too - we didn't try that one.   Then we got a potato pancake. Crispy on the outside, flavorful on the inside. Very tasty as well. We finished up with (not sure what they called it in English) but I know it as golabki - the cabbage roll. This was good - could have used a few more spices and a little more flavor but was still very tasty.   I was trying to eat fairly healthy so I didn't get any pierogi (or dumplings I guess they call them here), but they looked super delicious. But not sure, I just taught myself how to make piergoi from scratch so I've become a bit of a snob :)   Overall : was delicious! If you like European food, definitely give this place a try.  

                My boyfriend works with a guy originally from Lithuania, and that co-worker recently invited us to dine with his family at Mama Papa Lithuania.  It was great!  The restaurant itself is rather small is a cozy, homey way, but it definitely can get packed very quickly.  The service and food were excellent, and the owners themselves greeted us and shared their passion for Lithuanian cuisine and culture.  Because we were a large group, we all shared a number of appetizers and entrees: mushroom borscht, the fried Lithuanian garlic rye bread, the green cabbage salad, mushroom crepes, Lithuanian chicken goulash, potato and pork dumplings, stuffed chicken rolls, cabbage rolls stuffed with ground meat (pork?), and the potato pancakes stuffed with meat.  I loved EVERYTHING!  The Lithuanian beer selection were great, too.  For dessert, we all shared the honey cake, lazy pie, and sweet dumplings, all of which were yummy.  We definitely will return whenever we are in the area again.  

                When you walk in your Greeted by the owner or waitstaff all smiles and Gracious to have you at their establishment it has rustic feel like you would expect to find in their homeland. The food is Excellent . Service is fast .  Tonight we are trying the Deserts for the first Time.  The Lazy Pie is more,like a candy but delicious. THE honey Cake is different but yummy too. I will be back to try the stuffed potato pancakes next  time.!  

                I'm pretty biased when it comes to Eastern European food. My cooking is heavily influenced by Polish and Hungarian influences, I can make most everything this place serves and do it well.....that having been said THIS PLACE IS AWESOME. They definitely impressed me with some of their dishes. We had I think it was hunter's stew, perogi (variety), cold borscht (don't remember what it was in Lithuanian) and the spice cake. All the food was killer. They have a pretty good selection of regional beers too which was an added bonus.   The only gripe I had about this place was that their dining room was dark and their uncomfortable chairs are something out of a medieval peasant's home. So basically, you feel like you're in a medieval peasant's home. If this is something they are going for I would encourage a thin layer of straw on the floor and the addition of era costumes with maybe a farm animal or two. If not, brightening up the place a bit to improve the jena se qua would be a good move.   We will be back. I love comfort food.  

                We stumbled onto this hidden gem not knowing how our meal would go and we were amazingly surprised. We had the stuffed cabbage, potato pancake w meat and cucumber salad. All were delicious and served on time. We sat in the outdoor garden in back of the restaurant and they had a cool DJ playing mellow lounge music   Very unique and very very good food.  

                Great, delicious food with real home made taste anything you try! Hospitality is a kind addition to great taste. Thank you.         .  

                This restaurant is a gem! The atmosphere makes you feel like you were whisked away to grandmas rustic kitchen. The food was absolutely wonderful. I had never had Lithuanian food before.  I recommend the borscht as well as the delicious goulash.  I walked away from this magical place with a spring in my step after eating such delicious, fresh, home style cuisine.  

                Pros: Good Eastern European food Service is friendly Open patio in the back  Cons: Interior is kind of dark and a bit small To get to the patio you have to walk through a narrow alley on the side of the building. It's not intuitive which can be tough if you're meeting people there.  

                I will share my experience as it goes. We walked in here- I was taken back by the unique authenticity of the interior design. The chairs are wooden and heavy. One wall is exposed brick and the other is natural wood. The ceiling is exposed wood design with a breathtaking chandelier piece that will catch your eye and attention.  The also sell Amber here. necklaces, rings, bracelets.. Beautiful !  The beer variety here is something you cannot miss. This is also a tea house. I have ordered Amber tea. Steep for ten, pour, mix with honey. That was taught to me by the sweet young Lithuanian waitress with a pleasant accent,  The Amber tea has no aroma yet. It's actual Amber rocks inside. It's very delicious. It's light and healthily benefiting.  I ordered the summer borscht. It is served cold. The color is bright pink. They double wrap the spoon in napkins. I liked that.  The cream of mushroom soup- everyone else ordered. They are all happy with it (they're no easy critics) my sister says it was very hearty and amazing and it made her feel warm and cozy. A big cute smile and a shoulder shrug came after that comment. Lol:)  My dish was mushroom crepes. One thing I have to tell you is about these mushrooms. The taste so wild and exotic! Delicious  Everyone else really enjoyed their meals. My mom got kvas. It looks like beer! She liked it!  All of the dishes had an authentic an Lithuanian traditional taste.   One problem : The entire time a woman that possibly owns the place was talking to someone really loud of her phone with head phones in her ears. It went on the entire time and really Got in the way of us fully enjoying our time. She may have not known how loud and disruptive she was but it was clearly not something polite and something that should not have been done. Go into your office, get into the back and yell on your phone and laptop with your feet on the table there.  The place is not that big so ... Common sense lady.  

                My very first time having Lithuanian food. I got to say I'm impressed! I had the potato pancakes, the rolled chicken and the stuffed cabbage rolls... Everything was D-Lish. Great place for a first date.  

                Loved the food  With lots of healthy probiotics  Never had such a amazing cold beer soup before  Love love love this place   Thank you and I am looking forward to next time   I hope this place gets more packed over time   Thank you for the amazing food  

                Really tasty little restaurant! I'm so glad we stopped by here while visiting our friends in Alameda :)   Everything on the menu is a winner. Trust me. Don't get let the server up sell you if you can help it. Our server was so empathic and understanding that I ended up ordering 2 or 3 things. Really, truly wonderful service.  

                Great food, beer, and desserts! This place made me feel right at home. If you have never tried Lithuanian food you should definitely try this place!  

                Definitely unlike anything I have ever eaten! My son and were at the movies not to far from this restaurant so we decided to try it out after seeing this place on bay area back roads or check please?  Well, anyway we stopped in to grab a bite and to our surprise the food was delightful! Before stumbling in I had never even heard of Lithuania? Now, Im hooked! I would definitely say try the meat stuffed potatoes! Delicious! Similar to a potato pancakes YUMMY! Every dish is served with sour cream which is my favorite.  

                Really good and definitely something I've never had the chance to try before.  Eastern European isn't exactly around every street corner, so when I heard of Mama Papa's and saw all the great reviews, I had to try it.  I had the chicken roll, my GF had the potato pancake.  The chicken roll was good.  Juicy, stuffed with carrots and other goodies.  However, my GF had the better plate.  I loved those potato pancakes, deep fried and cooked with ground meats.  So good.  The sour cream on the side highlights it all.    I also had the honey cake for desert.  It was great.  I will come here again and often!  

                Fresh Colourful Made with love  One doesn't stumble upon Lithuanian food very often, which is a pity. This little joint is warm and personal, with just the right amount of choices on the menu to make you wonder whether you should bring a couple more friends and order one of everything.   I appreciate the detailed description for all the menu items, and was pleasantly by all their portions: substantial but not wasteful. Service was very quiet but attentive and polite. We could hear all the food being cooked fresh, as were all the ingredients used. The atmosphere was a bit modern rustic, very fitting for the type of food we had. It also felt casual enough to hang out a bit longer over dessert.  Overall a great lunch experience, highly recommending to any friends in the area. Will have to return and check them out for dinner!  

                Mama Papa Lithuania's menu says they are the only Lithuanian restaurant on the west coast . . . I'll take their fact-checker's word on that. A wagon wheel and large wrought iron chandelier give the space a very rustic atmosphere (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mama-papa-lithuania-alameda?select=uRRos6_NdVmRyq1kCA6ZFw#hyN4hvLt2xAjdmIArPYpoQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/mama…</a>)  The menu is short with three soups, half a dozen small plates, and ten entrees along with a sheet of daily specials.They also call themselves a Tea House and have 6 herbal teas and an Amber Tea that has a long description of it's health benefits on a flyer on the table (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mama-papa-lithuania-alameda?select=bO3XBAeKWT03N-gbqh5MhA#bO3XBAeKWT03N-gbqh5MhA">yelp.com/biz_photos/mama…</a>)   I skipped the tea and went with a Lithuanian beer ;-) (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mama-papa-lithuania-alameda?select=bO3XBAeKWT03N-gbqh5MhA#zjvlyQokSLmu69fHTbSryg">yelp.com/biz_photos/mama…</a>) to wash down some cabbage rolls which came with potatoes plus cucumber and garlic pickles (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mama-papa-lithuania-alameda?select=Ats1Yev3a-8SSqlqcWPuVQ#Ats1Yev3a-8SSqlqcWPuVQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/mama…</a>)  The sauce on the rolls was very sweet and I thought the meat & rice filling could use more seasonings (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mama-papa-lithuania-alameda?select=uRRos6_NdVmRyq1kCA6ZFw#KHWKjJcynDsv29QqPkYOcA">yelp.com/biz_photos/mama…</a>). I like the cabbage rolls at near-by Speisekammer better.  The sides were more successful for me. The boiled potatoes still had a firm texture and I liked the dill on top. Both pickles had good crunch and flavor; though not as powerful as raw garlic, a mint might still be in order after eating the pickled garlic.  3.5 stars for the food. Rounding up for the very friendly service (family business?)  I'll be back to try some of the other menu options and maybe this amber tea . . .  

                Only three stars. I'm not sure I approached the meal correctly.  I once lived in West Africa for six months and you just have to know, your in West Africa, so here's the available cuisine.  In this light,  I was thinking,  Lithuania ---- meat and potatoes. Still, I thought I would  try something a little different than what I was expecting.  I had the chicken stuffed dumplings. They are served with a large helping of sour cream right in the middle.  This to me seemed like  something I would put together had I run out of marinara or Alfredo.  Although there was no mention of sauce,  I think I read chicken and dumplings and you know I thought about chicken and dumplings.  Anyhow,  I must return and have the potatoe cakes. I'm sure that was the way I should have gone at first.   A+ on the atmosphere.  It's very cozy and probably a good spot for just tea as well.  

                The food is pretty good, but the portions are a bit small for the price. The chicken gulash was tasty but there was enough chicken for my toddler and I finished the watered down sauce. A full portion of creeps was enough for one 5 year old I don't know how an adult would be satisfied after that $12 portion. The beer is really good though. The place is worth trying but don't go really hungry!  

                What a find! Went for a Sunday lunch and decided to do a couple of plates to split. For lunch, you can split the order for half price. My wife and I decided to try four plates.   Potato dumpling with mushroom sauce was killer. One big dumpling about the size of a softball. Delicious meatball in the middle surrounded by fluffy boiled potato dumpling. Filling and great.  Flour dumplings. A half order will get you 6 - pork and chicken, potato and pork,  veg of some sort. With some sour cream and dill, it was a solid dish.   Potato pancakes. You can get it with meat - we opted for veg. Two per half order.... awesome! Perfectly crisp on the outside, fluffy inside. With sour cream - a definite winner.  Savory crepe with cheese. They had a sweet crepe, but we opted for the savory. A half order comes with one and a nice presentation with grapes. Awesome... not sure what cheese they use, but I loved it. Sharp. Delicious. Crisp on the outside... moreso than a French crepe. Loved it!  With a home style coffee (grounds in the coffee... and a little bit of creme to push them to the bottom and you are golden) we walked out of there full and happy - paying less than $40 with tip. They have a beer garden, fridges full of Lithuanian beer, and a great ambiance. I want to go back for that. I'll make the short trek from Oakland. I loved this place.  

                For my first time experiencing Lithuanian food, I was lucky enough to be dining with an actual Lithuanian friend of mine. The fairly small location was waiting about 3 other tables by the time we walked in at 12pm on a Sunday. I love a restaurant that hosts just enough patrons to feel well-liked but still intimate enough to hang out at for as long as you'd like - especially whilst nursing a hangover from the night before.  We ordered the fried Lithuanian rye bread with garlic as a starter (omg what, the dish is like garlic fries but specially concocted for bread lovers like me), shared the potato dumpling and potato pancakes with meat (it's pork, just FYI) entrees, and my friend had me try the Svyiturio Extra lager. Great start to my day. And although I live a whiles away from Alameda, I wouldn't mind coming back for more.  

                The restaurant is nestled next to the old Katsu Sushi on Park Street. Jack in the Box, sandwich shop, ramen joint... Mama Papa Lithuania.  Small, quaint, good for those who don't mind sitting a elbow to elbow. Unique rustic tables and chairs, most definitely adds a charm. Good first date spot, if you're looking for a good excuse to sit a little closer and nice ambiance chat. Try getting the small table for 2 by the windows.  This was my first time trying Lithuanian food. Was intrigued when I saw their sign "Only Lithuania food in the West Coast." Good tasting food. However was slightly disappointed on their coffee, as I expected it to be a little stronger.   Service is good, until the house starts to get pack. :)  

                Wonderful little family-run business. Everyone I bring here loves it. Beer garden in the back is perfect.  

                What a great experience, good amazing food, must have their Lithuanian beer!   Beer garden a must!  

                An ad of this place popped up while my wife was searching for a place to eat, and we decided to give it a try. We were glad we did: the borscht and cabbage rolls were fantastic. I loved the Lithuanian beer and my wife enjoyed the dark rye bread. Country-style interior and good service added to the overall pleasant experience.  

                I loved the good here. We had the meat flour dumplings, the meat potato pancakes, and (the best part) the dessert dumplings. The dumpling dough had this great dense texture. The pancakes were super filling. And the dessert was amazing! Not too sweet, great texture, fresh filling. The site cream was on everything, and it's more like an American yogurt than what I normally think of door cream. Everything was delicious and comforting-tasting, and service was great.  

                Oh. the fried pumpernickel.  I've only had it once but find myself craving it. We had the stuffed potato pancakes with pork inside. So yummy! The borscht was heavenly, too. I almost want to catch a cold just so that I can have it again.   Peculiar, rustic, but sweet ambiance.  The chairs appear to be homemade by someone's grandpa, with an axe. They outweigh me, and you could drive a train over them without causing much damage.   I had the Baltic amber tea, was expecting a faint essence of pine but really,  it was just rocks in hot water. Was that just me?   Owners/staff are very passionate about their restaurant and Lithuanian culture, which is almost entirely unfamiliar to me.   We definitely want to go back. :-)  

                The food was delicious & reasonably priced. I had the chicken/cheese, radish salad, beet salad, & cabbage salad-all very good. The potatoes were some of the best. $14 I look forward to trying more of the food & the beer garden as well. Wish I could upload the photo of my plate but the yelp app does not have access to my photos... I'll be back here again for sure!  

                I really enjoyed my meal here. I had the cold borscht and the salmon salad as an appetizer and it was really good. My partner had the traditional borscht but I liked the cold one better, just had more flavor to it. And it was refreshing.  My main course consisted of a the special it was chicken and cheese dumplings with a dollop of sour cream. it reminded me of chicken potstickers but it was good.  The food is very similar to Russian food.  I think they were a little short handed as I only saw 2 people in the front, and 2 people in the kitchen and just about every table in the house was filled.  I would definitely like to come back again.  

                A great restaurant with a comfortable, homey ambiance, serving healthy, authentic Lithuanian food. Everything is prepared with the most important ingredient of all - love.  

                My husband and I went with another friend today to lunch here! My, where shall I begin.....everything we ordered from the herbal teas,  salmon salad, cucumber salad, hot borscht, cabbage rolls ...everything was so refreshing and delicious! The Honey Cake was demolished in a few mins!  Good portions and one can even split the order for half price! The seasoning, the plating, the texture and most of all the taste...and of course the service, everything was excellent. We will definitely go back and would recommend to others. A must place for those who really enjoy food.  

                Date night dinner with my hon.   We both shared our starter and entree. For our starter I had Borscht with mushroom soup, while he had the summer borscht.  I found my soup to be lacking in flavor. It was too watery and did not have enough mushrooms.  The summer borscht was a better soup. Cold and creamy, it was a much heartier dish.  For my entree I had the potato dumpling while my partner had the special dumplings of the evening. A mix of cheese and potato and lamb.   My potato dumplings were huge. Each must have weight 1.5 pounds.   Filled with minced meat, it was tasty. More dumpling than filling though. I would have preferred more filling.   Out of my partners, the lamb dumplings were better than the cheese.  This was a good place to try since it is the only Lithuanian restaurant in the bay area. Expect to eat hearty and be full.  

                I've been wanting to try this restaurant out for a while and I'm so glad I did. My husband I ended up coming here because the restaurant we were going to was closed for a private event.  What a nice surprise - Mama Papa Lithuania has great food and a knowledgeable owner who loves to explain to you the food and culture of Lithuania.  Award-winning Pilsner was nice and light for a summer evening. We started with a bowl of borscht with mushrooms.  Different than the Russian versions I had before, it was lighter, tangier and very refreshing.  For the main course, husband ordered potato dumplings stuffed with meat and mushroom sauce, and I had the stuffed cabbage.  The stuffed cabbage was light and fluffy, not heavy at all.  I enjoyed the sauce around it and scooped it up with a spoon to eat with the stuffed cabbage.  Loved the potatoes, garlic and pickles served with it.  My husband's dumplings were a bit saltier that what I liked, but he really liked them.  For after dinner, we had a piece of honey cake to share - it was just the perfect size, not too sweet, and nice flavor.  I had a very nice herb tea - brier hips, oregano and chamomile.  I insisted that my husband try the amber tea, and he seemed to enjoy it.  Overall an awesome dinner, and would definitely be back to try other dishes.  If I could, I'd give them 4 and half stars :)  

