                Came here for a late lunch with a co-worker on a Friday afternoon and it was BUSY! It was probably due to the President's Day weekend holiday and NO SCHOOL for lots of kids, but it was surprisingly busy around 1PM.  Milohas is in a small plaza kind of in a parking area with other shops that don't seem to have a lot of commercial flow. Once you walk into their cafe, you immediately smell the aromas of the baked goods in the oven (they heat it up for you if you dine in) and I instantaneously thought: FRESH. LIGHT. HOMEMADE. They have great lunch specials going on where you can get an empanada (what they're famous for) and a side salad, and other variations...but I went with a empanada, bunuelo, and their famous guava finger. I wanted to try a little bit of what they were known for...  The quinoa and mushroom empanada was DELICIOUS. I would totally get it again. I want to try the potato one next time--they have plenty of options for vegetarians!   My guava finger was really good! The filling was a little sweet, but I LOVE tropical fruits...so the guava was awesome. The flaky outer crust is what really got me salivating! It's got the flakiness of a pie crust.  The bunuelo was my least favorite. It's pretty much a deep-fried cheesy ball. But it was a little chewy and with a faint-barely-there cheesy taste. I wouldn't get it again, but it was alright.  I also had their passionfruit smoothie at the egging on by my friend who lives nearby. She said she really enjoyed their mango smoothie last time she came here. I was so surprised at how fresh and light the smoothie was! It was a little creamy, very light, and a little frothy in texture, and the passionfruit was CLEARLY fresh and unprocessed. You can tell from all of their food and drinks that everything is made with great care and individualized attention. That deserves 5 stars!  The only downside to Milohas is that the portion sizes of the baked goods don't really match with the pricing. But even with the pricey baked goods, I know that I'll be back because the QUALITY and small-cafe-vibes make everything here seem personable and heartfelt.  

                This place have been on my bookmark list for a while and I finally got the chance to try it.    Since reading up on some reviews, I realized that there might be a chance they will sell out before I get there.  So I tried my luck of calling them to see if they will place an order for me to pick up right before their closing time and they did! When I got there, I just mention my name and everything was ready to go.  The lady was very friendly and the process was quick.  She also told me to heat up the empanadas in the over for 7 minutes at 350 degrees.  Ordered the potato empanada, mushroom and quinoa empanada, beef empanada, chicken empanada, guava fingers, and guava juice.  All the empanadas were very flavorful and delicious.  My personal favorite was the mushroom and quinoa empanada and I not a big fan of mushrooms.  My bf's favorite was the potato empanada.  I would say my least favorite one was the beef, but it was still good.  The guava fingers were too sweet for my tasting but the bf enjoyed them.  Guave juice.... oh I can't forget about the guava juicy...it was ohhh so refreshing and yummy!    Overall, the meal was great and best of all, they let me order ahead of time!  Will definitely recommend this place to others and come back to try other items on the menu!  

                The short: cute mom and pop place to satisfy an empanada craving (among other latin treats)  I made an embarassing blunder. The kind lady behind the counter corrected me, and said empanadas are pronounced em-pah-na-da, not em-pah-nya-da (none of that fancy n thing going on!) Whoops! Hey, it's my first time having an empada (semi-circle pie that holds a filling on the inside, also like a British pasty).  Anyways, order the food from the glass case or from the menu up on the wall. There are mini and meal-sized meaty empanadas like turkey, beef, chicken and some vegetarian options as well. Then there are the dessert empanadas like the pineapple and apple and other dessert items and fruit drinks you'd only find at a Latin American place like this one.   I ordered: turkey empanada and the pineapple empanada, both are very tasty when warmed up!  I came with some friends post-lunch hour around 3. There was a group of folks there on a business break and then there was us. This place holds about 15 people max, and there is a comfy armchair to sit in. The afternoon sunlight provided a nice warm, ambient lighting and with the friendliness of the cashier (also the waitress who brings you the food after ordering) and the chef in the back, this is a place to order some delicious food, sit back, and relax.  Definitely a place to come back to!  

                Great yelp reviews and less than 5 minutes from home means must try for me! Came in the morning a little after opening which was the best thing that could have happened, fresh and hot was all nice and ready!   I ended up getting some guava fingers (seriously a must try), the chicken empanada, and a guava juice. Service was so great, the young man helped explain all the items I had questions about and suggestions.  I wish I could have styaed, there is seating and plenty of windows and light to hang out, but had to take it to go. Speedy and efficient, very worth the trip.   I will be a frequent here! Can't wait to try more on the menu!  

                Milohas is a diamond in the rough, truly a one of a kind. They are a family-owned Colombian bakery owned by Mireya Baez and Ernesto Prada. Some say walking in here is like walking into a bakery or cafe back in Colombia. They are well known for their delicious empanadas which happens to be the most popular item in the bakery but they also have Buñuelos, Pandebono (Colombian Cheese Bread), Guava Fingers, Ice Cream, Colombian Coffee and a variety of Colombian sodas.  Before coming here I had never had an empanada ever and I wanted to try something different so I was on a quest for a place with the best empanadas in the San Jose area. I took to Yelp and searched and also asked a few friends and I was told to try them out and so I did. Boy am I glad!! I walked in and was greeted immediately, I looked around the place and there were tables and chairs but also a small lounging area. Pictures of Colombia on the walls as well as placards with history of certain fruits, veggies and foods used and popular in Colombia. The place just felt so warm and inviting, I liked the fact that I could get educated about the country while eating their delicious food.  I've tried both the Beef and Potato empanadas, both were so delicious and flavorful. The beef one was full of tasty ground beef, garlic, spices and is indeed my favorite of the two. The potato one had chunks of tender potato, spices, tomato and it had a little kick to it. The dough is super flaky and cooked to perfection. The empanadas are average size but you can get large empanadas which are equivalent to two regular size ones, they are only available in chicken or beef. All of the empanadas come with a side of their Aji sauce which looks almost like a cilantro type sauce, I did not try it. Aside from the empanadas I also had one of their Colombian sodas (Colombiana La Nuestra), it was a cross between a cola and creme soda but it was so good. They only offer Colombian beverages here and water, no regular soda or juice is available so be prepared to try something new like I did.  I really wish this place was closer, I would be there every other day as they are that good!! Anybody who loves empanadas or has never tried them like myself then you must come here, I guarantee you will not be disappointed.  

                So I usually go to Big E Cafe for Peruvian empanadas, but today I wanted to try Colombian empanadas. What's the difference, you ask? Well, the shape of Milohas's empanadas are different; they're like half moons with a flakier crust. The fillings are pretty standard: pork, beef, and chicken. They also have egg and turkey. Either way, there's meat in every bite. I was given silverware, though I think it's easier to wrap it with a napkin like a hot pocket and hold it in your hand. The price is pretty standard: $3.50 per empanada. I think the 2 empanada combo + Salad is a pretty solid lunch. I also tried this cheese fritter called the "brunuelo." It looked a little like a dim sum sesame ball, so I was inclined to try it but it was too salty for me.  I think the real winner at Milohas is the juice. I sampled three: guava, some type of berry, and passionfruit, and I think their guava juice is awesome, worth every penny. When it's warmer, I would sure like to try their tropical fruit ice cream.  You know, there's no wi-fi here. That's just as well I suppose. There's a Coffee Net in the same plaza if you need an Internet cafe, but in Milohas, it's a little more traditional. Unlike me, you should enjoy your food without checking your phone to do online shopping.  They also have Colombian coffee. I don't know what that's like though, I'd have to try it next time...  

                I love the beef and chichen empanadas. Normally I get combo 1 with spring salad. They also have sweet empanadas like apple and cinnamon, and several others. They also have these Columbian drinks guayaba, lulo, maracuya, mora de castilla, curuba de castilla. And Columbian ice cream.  

                I'm glad that I finally got to try this place!   It's set up more like a cafe than a restaurant but it can be either. There were so many great choices!! It was hard to choose but we gave a few options a try.   Admittedly, it's not a huge dining room. There are only a few tables so we opted to sit in the overstuffed chairs. The owner welcomed us, helped us push the chairs closer together and made us feel right at home. Mom and pop shop service like this makes me smile.   So onto the food. Empanadas? Yes, they are as good as everyone raves about. The sauce? Yes, that is heavenly too. The fruit juice was bright and flavorful. A must try. The ice cream was such a nice finish or even palate cleanser between tasting different foods. I loved that I got to try new tropical flavors. What a treat!!  The grand finale to this experience was the cup of coffee, and let me tell you that the coffee was so nice and smooth. I took my time enjoying it while absorbing the ambiance of the wonderful pictures on the wall and the calming music.   My only regret was not trying this place sooner. I have a feeling that this is going to be added to the list of our regular hang outs. A true hidden gem!! The location may be off the beaten path but it is absolutely worth finding.   Tips:  -Good for a casual date night.  -The flavors of the food were very rich but mild enough that it would still be kid friendly.  -Great place to unwind and bring the smile back to your face.  

                When I heard guava fingers, you can bet I was at Milohas in a heartbeat. Unfortunately, the product did not live up to the hype. We bought two things:  1. Guava fingers - decent, but the filling was so sweet that the taste of the sugar overpowered the taste of the guava. I was really disappointed.  2. Cheese Bread Ball - really expensive, and also really dry. I would definitly not get this again.  Alas, my search for the perfect guava pastry continues.  

                Please keep in mind, this is not a restaurant!  But a great place to grab some Colombian empanadas and Colombian style fruit drinks.  We had one chicken and one beef empanadas.  I'm sorry to tell my Colombian mother-in-law that they are delicious!!!!  My mother-in-law makes great  Colombian empanadas but just a different style.  Milohas empanadas are some of the best I've ever had.  Aji sauce is a fantastic addition.  Wife had the traditional Colombian arepa with her lulu juice.  Arepa is served flatter then what I'm used to seeing.  But my wife enjoyed it all the same.  I enjoyed their guava juice.  Reminds me of being in Bogota.  People came and went.  All enjoying what you are missing out on.  

                LOVE this addition to my neighborhood!  I was sort of nervous for it, considering the popularity of Big E just down the road.  But, it did not disappoint and it has easily become one of my favorite new places to eat.  I've been here several times and have tried almost all the empanadas.  They offer traditional flavors that are simple, but delicious.  They've nailed the pastry dough, which is perfectly flaky and golden brown.  You can get any of their items warmed up, which I highly recommend if you're eating it right away.  The aji sauce is a fantastic accompaniment to any of the empanadas, and it's so good I can eat it by itself!  All the empanadas are $3.50.  The chicken and beef are the only two that also come in a large size for $6.  They also offer a couple combo options that include salad.  I have yet to try the ice cream and juices, but their unique and tropical flavors sound so tempting!  Here's a breakdown of some of the things I've tried:   Quinoa & mushroom: My favorite!  I have to admit, I was skeptical about that one... thinking it would be dry and not as flavorful, but man was I wrong.  The flavors are bold and the texture is perfectly moist.    Potato: Another favorite.  Even though it's just potatoes, they do a great job flavoring it with spices.    Beef: Spiced ground beef, solid choice for a meaty option.  Chicken: Another great option... I liked this one slightly better than the beef.  Sausage finger: Colombian style pigs in a blanket???  Yes please!  Guava finger: Pastry filled with a sweet guava filling... a little too sweet for me.   Bunuelo: This is a cheese fritter made with tapioca starch, which sounded a lot better than it actually tasted.  It was a little too salty and a bit dry for my liking.  The space is cozy and inviting and kept very clean.  The staff are all very friendly and helpful.  Definitely worth a try for some delicious Colombian-style pastries!  

                So glad I finally got to try this new empanadas place in my hood!!! I had gone before on a late afternoon a few weeks ago, and they were completley sold out of their empanadas!  I called them right after they opened on Sunday to ensure they had empanadas as my friend was driving 20 miles out just to try these bad puppies. The worker seemed a bit confused but confirmed they had empanadas in stock! We headed on over around 1 PM and there were only 2 other parties inside the small shop. Luckily, every type of empanada they offer was available! We went with the lunch special of 2 empanadas, 1 guava finger and a side salad for $8.99. I was torn between chicken and the mushroom/quinoa, but my friend and I decided we would give each other a tasting along with the beef empanada.  We got to sit at one of their 4 tables inside and saw customers continuously come through to grab a freshly baked empanada. We were given our dishes pretty quickly after they heated them up, and were ready to dig in! I tried a piece of the chicken first, and glad I didn't get that one because it was really dry. This may have also been the case because the sauce they give you to eat with it, I gave it back as I despise cilantro. Although I did end up trying a little of my friend's and it wasn't as cilantro-y as I had expected. I do wish they offered sides of hot sauce for those that are "allergic" to cilantro.  The mushroom quinoa empanada was next, and it was a winner! It is a very different combo that I never would have imagined in an empanada, but it was so tasty and I felt sort of healthy eating it. The beef was really good too, tons of flavored ground beef in each bite, but a little on the salty side. The guava was a tad too sweet for our liking as well, but it was good and can see those that have a sweet tooth really enjoying this one. Loved the flakiness of the crust on each empanada!  The greek salad was also tasty, especially the guava flavored dressing! Yum!  After we finished we decided to get some to go, and amazed at how quickly their supply diminished in the short time we were there. My friend got one of each (beef, mushroom/quinoa, ham and cheese, cheese, chicken, and turkey) and I got a ham & cheese and a mushroom & quinoa for the parents. They enjoyed it although the ham and cheese got salty reviews.  The workers here are awesome, so friendly and attentive, asking each patron if their food was good. At one point, I counted up to 6 workers behind the counter, and love that I am supporting a family business. I'm glad this is only a place I can go to on weekends as it'd be a fatty and pricey ($3.50 for each small empanada) addiction! Best empanada I've had in the area!  

                Let's start with the food: Empanadas are buttery, flaky and delicious! I like them all, from the vegetarian mushroom-quinoa and potato to the chicken, beef, or ham-cheese, they're all so good! They have natural, real fruit juices like guava, guanabana and passion fruit. Same with their ice cream. Ask to sample some if their exotic flavors, or just take the coffee ice cream home, made with real Colombian coffee! Their pastries, OMG! If you can get a hold of it, take a Roscón home. It's a sweet bread with guava inside. They also have turnovers, super delicious, and gluten free breads like the pandebono and buñuelos. I like that they have cheese inside!   Excellent service, nice little place with a few tables, plenty of parking.  Everything feels authentic, and that makes this place extra special! I'll definitely keep coming back for more!  

                I stopped in here after I noticed it when I picked my car up from getting smogged. This sign called to me from across the parking lot. Empanadas, ice cream, Colombian coffee. How could I not stop at this recently installed gem?  I am so glad I did. The empanadas were delicious. Tender and perfectly flaky dough wrapping amazingly flavorful fillings. They came with a bright spicy chimichurri. Memories of it are making me salivate as I am writing this review. I had the beef, the ham and cheese, and the mushroom quinoa. Milohas made me sad that my belly is not a bottomless pit. I wanted to try every one and thee empanadas and have ice cream and the many other treats they have.   I guess I will just have to be back. I am so glad to have a delicious family run joint move into the neighborhood. Our neighborhood needs more places like this. The do catering as well.  

                After leaving the above review I heard back from the manager less than an hour later. Like I said before, the customer service is genuine and that is priceless.  I returned to Milohas and they were stocked with Empanadas. Mireya was there to great us and she gave us samples of their delicious exotic tropical ice creams while waiting for our order. We got the Potato, Beef, Chicken and Turkey and they were all amazing. So happy we went back.  

                Recently came upon this gem of a shop nearby my house and I'm really impressed with the service, cleanliness and quality here. So far this week I've frequented this place three times! Mind you I'm on a diet and watching carb intake. These empanadas are such a sinful delight! I've had the Peruvian empanadas at big E and now having had these I must say these are far more flavorful.   I've tried the chicken, turkey, beef, potato, mushroom & quinoa, and guava finger. Also their guava juice drink is quite refreshing! My favs are the turkey and potato. All are scrumptious so you really can't go wrong. They have extended morning hours on weekends now so opens at 8. Think I'll have to try their breakfast items soon!  

                These are dang close to the perfect empanadas. The filling is flavorful but not too salty, the crust is light and flaky. Serve 'em up with the Aji sauce and you are good to go. I tried beef and chicken and they were scrumptious.   Take home some Guava Fingers too. They're just the right balance of sour guava, lots of flavor and not too sweet.  I get the empanadas as takeout and then heat them in the convection oven for a few minutes and they come out perfect. Don't microwave these babies and ruin the crust! Prices are great too compared to some more trendy places downtown. Update: They've added breakfast empanadas on the weekend. YUM!  

                I'm kind of happy that my lunch date had to cancel on me today. Otherwise I would have never gone to this restaurant. The empanadas are the bomb! I had the beef empanada filled to the brim. Warm, flaky crusted pockets of yumminess! They give you a little homemade chimichurri type sauce that is delicious, although I could have used four more! Another customer suggested I try the guava stick for dessert. OMG what a treat! Loved it! I can't wait to go back and try out some more empanadas. The tropical fruit juices and ice cream look delicious too. There were also a nice selection of Colombian pastries that look so delicious. Everything is handmade and the prices are very fair. I'm going back for certain! I noticed the lunch special after I had bought my lunch. It looks like a great deal for $8.99. Including two empanadas a guava stick and a side salad. What a deal!  

                Being new to the San Jose area coming from southern California and not knowing what places are good and where are different types of restaurants here to go and eat I rely on yelp... Soo in So cal we have Colombian restaurants and little bakeries.. And I search up Colombian restaurants and I saw this one..  I have never tasted empanadas this good in my life.. I've had the fried ones but these are by far the best ones.. And their aji is soo good... I have to say hands down this place is great.. I love arepas but they didn't have any but it was soo good.. I definitely have to bring my friends to try this place out... You bet I will be coming to get my fix of empanadas... The beef ones were my favorite :)..  

                This is a neighborhood gem!  I've taken chicken, beef and sausage empanadas as appetizers to different events and everyone raves.  The dough is light and flaky and in the right proportion to the filling.  The aji salsa is really perfect with them.  These are also great for a light lunch or dinner with a salad during the week.  And....on the weekends they have the amazing breakfast versions with egg, ham, tomato and onion.  There are vegetarian options too.  Plus, I can't walk out of there without a Columbian Sweet Bread with guava or a guava finger.  The only downside is that all of the food is baked fresh so they do run out of things sometimes.  Get there early for breakfast and don't wait too late in the day if you want to pick up some for dinner.  This is a go to place if you need an impressive appetizer plate for a party.  

                One of the things that I miss the most about my country is the food. When I realized Milohas existed,I immediately went to try it. I felt just like in Colombia. The owners are super friendly and the food is delicious (I had empanada and bunuelo) and the best part: THE JUICES! You can't go without trying them.   I really liked this place and I'd love to see even more menu options in the future too! :)  

                Being from Miami and used to the delicious Empanadas there, I'm homesick every time I come back to the bay area where I currently reside.  Miolhas has changed that for me.  We came in on a Saturday afternoon looking for some empanadas to fill up our hungry tummies. We were greeted by Mireya who is the owner.  She was quite helpful in making our decisions and her customer service was spectacular.  We ordered three small empanadas (Turkey, Beef, and Chicken), and a guava finger.  All the empanadas were delicious and I look forward to coming back to this gem and trying some more. The guava finger was nice, not too sweet but a complementary nice "dessert". We ordered to go and Mireya  was super helpful in explaining how to heat them up. Listening to her words of wisdom per-say did not steer us wrong. We came home and heated them up and they were yummy! Thanks Mireya  for the wonderful customer service.  There's a huge parking lot and plenty of spots around. We look forward to coming back soon!  

                Very good empanadas, savory and sweet. They have smaller and larger ones, the larger ones could be a small sandwich. I liked all of the savory ones, of the sweet ones the standout was the apple cinnamon, like an excellent tiny apple pie. Really nice place to get something a little different.  

                Best real fruit juices, Latino Style! The chicken and beef empanadas are made with very lean meat. The Pandebono, Pan de Yuca y Almohabana are full of flavor and divine texture. LOVE Milohas for my breakfast and afteernoon snacks.  Great like-Family customer service. Love takes time and so does great food, so be a bit patient to have your order warmed up  

                I loved the place and the food. It made me feel at home. The owners are extremely nice and friendly.  

                Finallly got to try this place out over the weekend.  I was excited to try the guava fingers since it's hard to find guava pastries in the bay area.  We got one each of the potato, egg/ham/tomato, beef, quinoa/mushroom and chicken empanadas.  We also got one guava and one guava/cheese (dont remember the name).  I must say, that guava cheese was so gross.  We split it in 2 to share and could barely swallow the first bite. We forced ourselves to finish it though since it was a bit pricey at $2 plus change.  The guava finger had a nice guava flavor but was too sweet.  For now, I'll stick to my Porto's fix when I go to LA!    As for the empanadas, the quinoa/mushroom and the chicken were our favorite.  Beef was our least favorite.  However, all were quite flavorful and good.  The pastry was light and flaky, as it should be!  I'd like to come back to try their juices and ice cream next time.  The girl at the counter was helpful and friendly.  

                The first thing you notice upon walking in here is the delicious aroma and (im guessing Colombian) music and then you're greeted by this awesome woman (the owner??). She's so welcoming and warm and explains all the different things they have. It may not seem like much: Empanadas, pastries, ice creams, juices, etc. But the flavors they have are quite exotic and intriguing especially since I've never heard of them and can't pronounce them LOL. We went with the beef Empanada and potato Empanada, both extremely delicious. Flaky, warm crust, very flavorful beef, and tender, soft potatoes. Also tried the guava fingers and Roscón (warm soft bread roll filled with guava). The guava filling is a little too sweet for me so I liked the roll better because it had more bread to balance out the sweetness. Lastly, we had the guava juice, guava guayaba juice, and passion fruit juice. All very delicious. The guava is sweet and light while the passion fruit is tangy. Everything is about 3-4$ each, very reasonably priced and worth it. Easily my new favorite place, definitely will be coming back to try other Empanada and juice flavors, and ice cream and...pretty much everything else!  

                The food is great, hands down one of the most delicious Colombian food places in the Bay Area. It may seem a bit pricy for a few small empanadas, but when you see what they have to offer, it's well worth it. This family owned, small business specializes in fresh food and drinks. All their products are fresh & hand made. I recently took a very large order of 20 beef empanadas & 25 Milohas to a dinner party, & they loved it.   I would recommend you come to Milohas early. They do, believe it or not, run out of food. Yea, it's that good.  

                I rarely do 5, but seriously can't find anything wrong with this place.   Great quality, I was lucky enough to get there when they were fresh out of the oven.  Chicken, Beef, Potato and Ham & Cheese.   Delicious.  It's located close to my house, I only hope I can avoid it while I work off the holiday pounds.    Comfort yumminess!  I think the only suggestion I have would be to upgrade the toaster / oven they use to heat them for in-dining customers.  If they got one of those convection ovens, like they use at Starbucks, it could really move things along and get those pleasant pockets of happiness on your plate more quickly!  

                Amazing food in our backyard. I'm so excited to have a place like this. Other empanada restaurants are just not that great.   Last time I was here I had the mushroom quinoa empanada and a chicken empanada with a spring salad and a guava finger (this is a 2 empanada combo plate). The mushroom & quinoa empanada is a tasty vegetarian, dairy free choice. The chicken was also great. They serve them with a little side of salsa but it's not too hot or too chunky, it just has a great flavor.   This time I had the same combo plate with spring salad but instead I tried the ham & cheese empanada and the potato empanada. Both were excellent - I loved the cheese with the salsa. Mora de Castila is an amazing drink so I've had that both times I was there. They serve the combo with these guava fingers and I didn't think I liked guava but I love these!!  We also tried one of their gluten free pastries. They actually have quite a selection. The bañuelo is the only gluten free option we have tried so far because it's an amazing deep fried ball with a hint of cheese in it. It has great texture and they serve it warm.   I can't wait to go back and try the sausage, beef, or cheese empanada.  

                Amazing empanadas! I love how two satisfy, while the quality of the ingredients makes you feel alright giving into the temptation of a third. The mushroom-quinoa is my favorite.  

                Very nice, family run and homey spot in a non descript mini mall. Peaceful and spotless - I just wish they had an espresso set up and then it would be a perfect spot to just hang out with a latte (they do serve drip coffee). Even so, we had a lovely snack/ice cream break here. The empanadas are flakey, buttery and light as air, I prefer them to the hardier ones at E's, though I like those too. They also have unique ice cream, lots of sweet pastries and cheese breads. I had a delicious cheese filled arepa. My fresh passion fruit juice was perfect! Next time we will go for the meal deal which includes Empanada, salad and guava pastry. Can't recommend it more if you're in the neighborhood! A great find!  

                I've eaten here three times in two weeks, the food is consistently great. Everyone is very polite! The spring salad with fruity dressing is amazing.  The best deals are the lunch combos in my opinion. Two small empanadas (which are still big), a guava finger, and a salad for nine dollars. Sign me up!  

                Right away Milohas was off to a good start when I walked in the door. The first thing that caught my attention was the people, sitting casually enjoying the food. The vibe was great. Next I'm hit with the smell. It's hard to explain but that smell of fresh bread and warm spices. The staff was inviting and kind as well. The feeling was just so comfortable.  So the most important piece here is the food. I tried a variety of Empanadas (potato, cheese, Beef, Ham and cheese). The only one I didn't care for, but still devoured, was the cheese one. It was a bit to salty for my liking. Other than that they were amazing. The dough used was light, flaky and golden brown. The fillings ended up being much more interesting than I initially thought they would be. For instance, the Ham and egg, was not just ham and eggs. The eggs had a brilliant sort of salsa cooked with them. It was a familiar taste but, executed perfectly.   I am definitely coming back here and I'm bringing friends.  

                I have been to Milohas several times and have always gotten the food to go. If you are going home, a short time in a hot oven will make the empanadas as good as fresh made. I love the beef empanadas, the guava fingers are a must get treat. I just tried the potato one today and it is as good as the others. This little place is warm and inviting, there's a small amount of indoor and outdoor seating and lots of good light. The service is excellent and as one of the reviewers said, the smells coming from the kitchen are delicious.  

                We visited again before we went back to Texas and tried the cheese &  pineapple empanadas! Mmmmm! The pineapple is so fresh. My friend had the mango juice and we had maracuya again. Omg!!!! Everything is so fresh, hot and delicious.   The owner gave us a sample of the gluten free pastries and they were so good it's hard to believe they are gluten free. Whenever we go back to Cali we will come visit! We were blown away by the food and impeccable service!  

                I am so happy to find such a wonderful place. My mom told me about this cafe and I was able to check it out yesterday. Everything here is made fresh and you can taste it. I am not too familiar with Columbian food so I was curious to try their pastries. Yesterday I tried the Pan de Yucca, a gluten free cheesey bread. It was full of flavor and GLUTEN FREE. This bread goes well with anything but I had it with the fresh guava juice. I can't wait to come back to try all the other juices and fresh breads.   I also tried their Columbian coffee. This coffee was very smooth, full of flavor and even a little fruity. I didn't add any milk, just sugar. I wish this kind of coffee was available everywhere. You can tell that the employees are very passionate about their jobs and care about the customer experience.   This is a great place to sit back and talk with friends while eating yummy treats. They are also dog friendly, so next time I will bring my dog Shimmy. I can't wait to return and see this business grow.  

                Amazing! Partner and I stopped in looking for a quick breakfast and omg it's good! Staff was very kind to tell us about the different items and helped us make a good choice. We got the egg and ham empanada, it was delicious! Also tried a guava finger..also very good. 5 stars for authentic and delicious food!  

                Oh tasty pockets of joy.  You are so worth the drive into parts of San Jose, to which I would otherwise not venture.    My faves are the potato and chicken and finished with some guava fingers.  My only complaint is that they don't serve any not sugar packed drinks other than tap water and hot tea. I like both but like an iced tea would be very refreshing with the empanadas.  

                This little gem of a place has been already getting so popular that they frequently sell out of all their stuff way before the end of the day.  Given this, I actually debated whether I should write this review since I didn't want to further blow up this secret go-to spot for us.  But the unselfish side of me ultimately prevailed.  So take advantage of checking this AWESOME place out.  From the savory cheese, chicken, beef or pork empanadas to the sweet dessert empanadas...they all rock.  They've also got a great selection of juices and ice cream to boot :)  

