                A corner mart, opens until 2am (late) Picked up a late dinner here No lines @ this time.   For $6.50 after tax, this sandwich is pretty ginormous.  They're out of Dutch Crunch so I'm kinda disappointed, but the Sour Dough isn't bad, it has some sesames on it and all.   I'm very full after half the sandwich (I got the Flying Dutchman), and i'm not a light eater so... It's pretty worth it.  Probably can just split someone so that's one super duper deal right there!   Added avocado when I got home :)  Yummy.   Will come back to try more other flavors and probably make an update review later on.  

                Once again salivating at work over Yelp pictures and came here straight after. I ordered the Spicy Mama, extra spicy, on Dutch crunch. It was decently spicy but the chicken was dry and I think they forgot the onions. The bread was very chewy as well, but that may be my fault considering I was 10 minutes late in picking up my order.   The guy making the sandwiches is very friendly! I may come back just to support his little shop.  

                If you want a really big sandwich and you don't want to wait the lines at Lucca, Miss Tomato offers tons of sandwich at a great value. And when I say "tons of sandwich", I'm not exaggerating -- the Carnivore (my personal favorite) has 8 different meats on it and is over a foot long... for only $6. I'm not quite sure how they're staying in business at that rate, but I'm not complaining!  The sandwich shop is located inside a liquor store as others have mentioned, but I never got a sketchy vibe from it. The owners are very friendly! It also means you have a wiiide variety of drinks to choose from to go with your sandwich.  They are open late, which is handy for late-night snacks, but sometimes they do run out of bread, so it's worth ordering ahead to skip the wait and also make sure they have bread before you head out. If you plan on ordering multiple sandwiches, you should *definitely* call ahead, since they usually only have one person making sandwiches at any time.  

                They have really good customer service here and good sandwiches they have a welcoming presents and its family owned and just great people to always walk into and trust to make my sandwiches  

                A coworker told me about this place, so I decided to give it a try and was not disappointed. The quality of the food was very good and the staff was also very nice. I felt like my sandwich was made with love. At 5.99 per sub you can't beat that.  

                Disgusting, dirty, fly infested and gross! That's how I would describe Miss Tomato.  Food is NOT fresh, place is dirty with mold...I decided to not eat here. Im surprised The guy that was working behind the counter was very unfriendly, and the place lacked cleanliness. Not sure why all the other yelpers rate this place high...I just think they have no taste and never been to an actual real deli with good sandwiches. Or they are probably friends and relatives of the owner. LOL  

                Subs for $6.50 (tax included) is such a great deal!  We both got the Carnivore special sub. Such meat, so lengthy, much good (LOL). But really, the subs filled us up and then some. There are so many choices on the menu, and we're really hoping to eventually try them all. I mean, under $7 for a sub that totally dominates Subway sandwiches that's definitely 12inch+, I'd go to Miss Tomato any day.  

                I really wanted to like this place. It's near by for me, you can order online and they are open late. I got the cheese steak and the fogbuster (turkey, garlic). I was really disappointing.   The bread was gummy and I instantly noticed the poor quality of the ingredients with the first bite. I usually am not one to nitpick about quality but it was so obvious. Even if the textures were not off, the flavors were not there.  The two sandwiches cost $13 (out the door). You get what you pay for.  

                Good sandwiches. I would say they're a good size for their price. Not sure about it being close to a "best sandwich ever" experience.  There was no line or wait at 9pm on a Sunday night.  It took about 5 mins for the sandwich to be ready. Oh and parking on the street was a breeze to find at the time.  I had a spicy mama on sourdough. The bread was just whatevs. The sandwich was spicier than I thought it was going to be, but that can be a bad thing for some.  To be honest I didn't want to open the sandwich to see what was inside. The pieces of chicken looked okay.... I really didn't want to have to question it lol.  I think that if this place wasn't inside of a liquor store, I would feel more comfortable about coming back here. Not the location, it's just my stomach is incredibly sensitive and it takes a lot for me to get over the hesitation to try food from sketch places LOL. Maybe one day I will come by and try the flying Dutchman if I am ever around the area.  

                They make sandwiches quick, nice staff, and it's inside a liquor store.  The Flying Dutchman is my fave :)  

                I'm not sure what the hype is all about. I ended up here based on the Yelp reviews, the fact that they are open late and that it's not that far from where I live.  I'm a really big fan of sandwiches and it is something that I eat really often, practically daily, so I'm always in search of new places to buy them. Unfortunately, this is not the place to go.  The first issue was the bread. I don't know how else to describe it besides using the word gummy. Just the texture of the bread alone threw the whole sandwich off. The next issue was the extremely cheap ingredients. Also, one of the sandwiches claimed to have a lot of garlic. I honestly didn't taste any garlic.   Overall, everything was off about the sandwiches. From the bread, to the filling to the texture. I won't be back.  

                I'm glad this place is conveniently located to my place of work.  hands down the best sandwich shop I've been to in a while.  this is the true meaning of a quality submarine sandwich.  5.99 for a filling no frills sandwich, I'm in everytime.  the owner is super nice too, true meaning of customer service.  understands value and freshness to his customers.  you will be returning once you have tried.  

                First time trying this place.. The sandwich is yummy I ordered Miss Tomato Healthy kicks no cheese add salami.. Not really healthy   Was a little disappointed they left the spinach and cucumbers out instead they put onions which is not part of the sandwich..  :-( do not like onions had to pick it out one at a time since it was dice up...  I would definitely go back again and hopefully they make it right...  

                BEST SANDWICHES EVER!   Check out the pics for the menu. This is one of those hole-in-the-wall gems that has amazing food and the owners are such friendly wonderful people.  Great prices.   Amazing sandwiches (make sure to get the garlic sauce!)!  What more could you ask for?  

                The best sandwiches in the vicinity of Embarcadero. Their specialty sandwiches are incredible. The flying dutchman is my go-to sandwich, and the fogbuster is a garlic lovers delight. Service is fairly quick at lunch time, which is when I typically visit. I've now tried every sandwich on the menu and I enjoyed every single one.  

                Decent sandwich around the hood.  Would only order it if I don't want to drive far.  Cheap sandwiches and good to share.  Flying dutchman is the popular choice.  

                Flying Dutchman: bf would have preferred a hand-carved roast beef rather than the deli roast beef that they use. Said he could not make out distinct meat flavors, as everything just melded together (I.e. pastrami flavor was almost non-existent)   Bad Luck Mary: turkey was not high-quality meat, standard deli cold cuts, not hand carved breast and not very flavorful.  Spicy Mama: real chicken breast, but again not very flavorful. I was excited to try their chipotle sauce, but it was...forgettable.   Wish I knew they toasted their bread b/c I don't like paninis. Those cute, little grill marks made this deli sandwich a complete fail.   Probably wouldn't return, but I understand their appeal -- it's double the size (size matters!) and half the price of other sandwich joints. I'd rather pay double the price at ikes or little luccas because at least I'm getting double the flavor.  Upside: Friendly guys workin' the phone & register. Open til 2am.  

                I have been here a few times and they do not disappoint. I have had the carnivore and dutchman which were both delicious. Sandwiches are big and cheap, and the people are nice too. Will go back again.  

                I was really looking forward to trying the sandwiches here.  So I made the drive.  I had two other hungry mouths to feed waiting back for me at home.    When I got to the front of the line (other people were buying cigarettes, beer in front of me), the cashier saw me looking up at the sandwich menu.  He immediately told me he was out of bread...  Really?  It wasn't even that late either.  Of course, I'm not sure if this was a fluke or not, but it was pretty irritating.  I'll give it one more shot, and repost - that is, assuming they actually have BREAD next time.  

                yummy!!!! fog buster is my favorite!  

                I have used eat24 on several occasions. In theory the app is perfect but when matched with a crapy restaurant you are plain ole screwed. I've had 3 poor experiences with eat24 orders.   1st was Primo pizza that took 2 hours and 14 mins to deliver lukewarm pizza to my home that is nearly a 3-4 minute drive.   2nd was Miss Tomato that closed 5 hours early one night but eat24 still processed my order. 30 minutes later I get a text saying the restaurant closed early sorry...  Lastly was today when I attempted to give Miss Tomato a 2nd try. When I arrived they had no clue about my order for pickup. So I contact eat24 and they get the ball rolling. As a look at the man with unwashed and ungloved hands angrily slap together a frustration special; I asked " who is that for"?  He replied, "this is yours". I had to explain that there is no way it could be mine because that is not what I ordered. I hand him my phone to show my receipt and he says that is wrong. I explained to him I ordered the sandwich based on the ingredients listed on eat24's menu. He goes on to explain to me that what's listed is not what goes into the sandwich. I say sure but what I ordered is what I want. He acted as if I personally but the wrong information on the apps menu. I explained that this conflict is between Miss Tomato and Eat24, not me the customer. Needless to say I walked away without a sandwich and distrust in eat24s vendors.   Eat24 if you want to remain a source of food selection you must hold your vendors to some standards of customer service and reliability.  

                The worker here is super nice, and has a quirky sense of humor. The sandwiches are humongoid, and cheap, and filled with garlic saucy goodness. There is parking available behind the little store. The little store sells liquor.  What else could you want?  

                Similar to Ike's style, this sandwich spot is sold.  Located on the corner liquor store near the Touchless Car Wash in Daly City, this spot is definitely a hidden gem.  They make special sandwich and have name for it.  For example I got the Flying Dutchman which has turkey, ham, roast beef, bacon, pepperoni with pepper jack cheese. It was garlicky and toasted with perfection.   I like how the sandwich is packaged as it come in a hoagie style type of bag. You can smell the aromas of this high quality sandwich.  The taste, it was so delicious that I ended up finishing all of it even thought I was full from eating half.  The sandwich is pretty huge and cheap for $5.99 plus tax ended up being $6.50.  Definitely a fan and will have to go back to try the Spicy Mama really soon...  

                Hearty sandwiches for only $6? Count me in.  I ordered the Spicy Mama, which consists of grilled chicken breast, pesto, garlic, lettuce, red onions, tomatoes, jack cheese, and chipotle sauce. The sandwich tasted great, but I wish I asked for more chipotle sauce. Since I requested for no mayonnaise, the sandwich was rather dry. The bread was also not hollowed out so the ratio of bread to ingredients was 2:1 instead of the desired 1:1. Nonetheless, I would come back and try their other sandwiches if I was in the area. The value and quality of ingredients make this sandwich stands out.  

                The sandwich sells itself--delicious! Better than Ike's AND Little Lucca. You can really taste the quality in their sandwiches.  Miss Tomato is in a corner liquor store right by where I have been living for 4 years, and yet it wasn't until this year that I found out about them.  Needless to say, I have been missing out for the past years.   The people there are super friendly and the man who makes the sandwich for you is confident in his sandwiches. I'm not kidding, he even told me that it's the best sandwich you'll ever have--he was absolutely right.    Try the Veggie Mama on Dutch! =)  

                So my wife and I went to pick up some sandwiches today and try this place out  The good: cheap and friendly service   The bad: not much meat in the sandwich and we got the famous Flying Dutchman. Taste left a lot to be desired. I have had better at subway  We also ordered a veggie sandwich that was suppose to have avocado but I could not find it.  If you are looking for a good sandwich in the area I say stick to mr pickles or Colombo in Pacifica or little Luca   I along with my family am suffering from horrible burps now and terrible gas and stomach pain  You get 1 star for price and service and because I can't give zero stars  

                This is definitely a mom and pops type of establishment.   What can I say...I'm a fan of affordable..more like CHEAP...delicious sandwiches.   <a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=aoTuYSM41lfDsnEYGAPxJQ&userid=NQ71C-ehGqiANuIr2Oa9FQ">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a>  $5.99 for a Roast Beef sub with all the fixings. You can't beat that!  

                My friend and I went here for more sandwiches after class.  The man in the shop remembered us and tried to make sure our sandwiches were exactly the way we wanted.   I ordered a wasabi roast beef sandwich while my friend ordered two 2-in-da-shirt sandwiches. We also got some baklava.  The baklava is homemade and absolutely delicious. If you see them in a little case by the cash register, you simply must get one for yourself. Must.  I didn't eat my sandwich until I got home. It was then that I realized that I got a 2-in-da-shirt sandwich.  I figured that I got one of my friend's sandwiches by mistake but when I told her about it, she said she had two 2-in-da-shirt sandwiches. I was semi upset about this because I was really looking forward to that roast beef sandwich....but the 2-in-da-shirt sandwich I got was good soooo  Good sandwiches.  

                One of my favorite hidden sandwich places!  All sandwiches are only $5.99 & you can put whatever you want on it!  The chicken salad or tuna are my favorite especially when they add chips in it!?  Always come out toasted nice & tastes scrumptious!!!  Also a other plus is that they're open late too!!  

                I was really impressed seeing the Miss Tomato sandwich pics on yelp.  They looked really good and the fact that their all their sandwiches are $6 reminded me of Earl of Sandwich.  But these aren't those same sandwiches.  They're Little Lucca sized sandwiches (Forearm-Sized) at Earl of Sandwich prices.  And that is a great formula to gain a lot of sandwich fans.  I unfortunately ordered two sandwiches for lunch thinking they weren't big enough for my hunger.  I was totally mistaken when they handed me the sandwiches.  Just look at size of these sandwiches (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UT6ApPUVO8vAtI_MhPBRag?select=PkLMqjC_K2_w29xlxiIgvg">yelp.com/biz_photos/UT6A…</a>).  HUUUUUUUGE!!!  But the big question is are they good?  Based on earlier yelp reviews, I decided to pick out the Spicy Mama and the very popular Wasabi Roast Beef.  Spicy Mama - Chicken, Pesto, Garlic, Lettuce, Red Onion, Tomato, Jack Cheese, Chipotle Sauce (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UT6ApPUVO8vAtI_MhPBRag?select=_sss3dRntSKHg3mJsPdivg">yelp.com/biz_photos/UT6A…</a>) This sandwich was okay.  It has a nice amount of spice but the chicken pieces were pretty much soggy and lack the crispiness I was expecting.     Wasabi Roast Beef - Roast Beef, Red Onion, Wasabi, Pepperoni, Swiss Cheese (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UT6ApPUVO8vAtI_MhPBRag?select=VJg4CYIfSqcn2ynrQwCmIQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/UT6A…</a>) The popular Wasabi Roast Beef did not disappoint me.  It was nice blend of meats with the Pepperoni and Roast Beef and the Wasabi gave it a very nice but not too strong kick.  I'd definitely order this one again.  I'm glad to see another deli option around my neighborhood that doesn't have a super long line like at Little Lucca's.  If I want a nice cheap sandwich that gives you the best bang for your buck, Miss Tomato is a solid option.  

                Another establishment close to where I live that I just recently discovered. I didn't even know this place existed until I started browsing my iPhone on Yelp. I even read some of the reviews and thought they were fake. I've passed by this places so many times during my commute that I didn't pay it no mind. It's located inside a Liquor Store, how could this be good?  I should have known better since I've found hidden gems in Hole-In-The-Wall and grungy looking places. This one definitely fits that criteria. Our first visit was on a late Saturday night...technically it was already Sunday since it was past 1 in the morning. Yup, this place is open till 2 AM. Walked in got an unexpected warm greeting from a shady-looking guy. Our trepidation quickly turned into elation as this guy started making our sandwiches as soon as we ordered and we had a great conversation. He asked if we wanted the secret sauce, onions, mustard and the works. Of course I wanted the works; however, the wifey held off on the mustard.  All sandwiches are only $5.99 each and they are effin huge. I ordered the Pastrami King and wifey ordered the Flying Dutchman on Dutch bread. I told the guy I'll take a picture of the sandwich when we got home and he said take it now. He held it up and this thing was overflowing with meat that even a straight guy would go gay for. (That's in happy gay, not gay gay). Check out the photo that I snapped.  Flavor wise, it doesn't compare the Little Lucca's and Ike's Place, but it was good enough for us. It needed a tad more garlic, then that would definitely take it to their level. But I ain't complaining since it's almost like getting two sandwiches for the price of one. Yup, I couldn't even finish my sandwich, but I was licking my hands after finishing the first half.   Oh yeah, we are definitely coming back for more.  

                This is my second Miss Tomato adventure, and I ordered the wino both times. The sandwich tastes absolutely wonderful, but I agree with the other reviewers that the sandwich maker mixes things up a bit depending on mood or product availability. I love the pickle and pepper mix they have going on. It is just the right amount of spicy. You should definitely give the Baklava a try. The owner told me they are made fresh daily with pistachio nuts only, old school perfection. Last bit, both men at this location are super nice and have great senses of humor. I love my sandwich.  

                Miss Tomatoes is the Sh*t. They have a good selection great tasting sandwiches and a whole liquor store full of extras. Way better than Mr. Pickles down the street in my opinion. Open late nights just hits it out of the ballpark for me when I get the munchies. The people there are cool folks too which is a plus!  

                Best sandwich! It's $5.99 for a huge sandwich. I usually can't finish one on my own. Great family business!  

                If you want a sandwich as long as your forearm for about $6-$8, I suggest coming here! I love how the sandwiches are super cheap, tasteful, and well you can't really go wrong with a sandwich is what I think. I highly recommend the Carnivore or the Flying Dutchman. Both of these are super popular here and you can't really go wrong with either one (Remember to ask them to add jalapenos and banana peppers because EVERYTHING doesn't include those ingredients). A plus is that Miss Tomato opens lateeeeee so you can get your drunchies here!  

                It's too bad I didn't love this place. Because one, it's cheap -- $6 for a huge sandwich; and two, the guy making the sandwiches was really personable.   So why no love? I got the pastrami sammie and it was ALL downhill:   1.) the pastrami meat was totally low quality. It tasted like bologna that had a black pepper crust on it. It was overly salty and one note.  2.) the caramelized onions were red onions that were lightly sauteed. So none of that sweetness you'd expect from long cooked onions. 3.) the sandwich was dry. There was a thin spread of mustard but other than that, it was lacking that oomph. . . even with all of the peppers (pickled jalapenos and peperoncini) we had in the sammie. 4.) the veggies were sad and limp. I took a bite of the cucumber and it was like biting into styrofoam.   The Dutch crunch bread was the only thing redeeming of a sandwich place. Otherwise, I'd have to say this was the worst sandwich I've ever paid for. And on top of that, the drink I purchased was expired!  

                The best baklava and the Porsche doctor sandwhich on sour dough bread.  That's my combo at this great family owned spot.  Prices are throw back and the food is awesome  

                The service here was rubbish. We were the only people in the store, and yet it took 10 minutes before our existence was even acknowledged. A group of hot little skinny girls came in right after and got served right away with a big old flirty smile. They even all got their sandwiches first! Eff this place if they can't treat all of their customers with respect. If I don't matter, Miss Tomato, then neither must my money!!!!  

                Awesome sandwich shop inside a nondescript liquor store. Get the Flying Dutchman with a side of baklava. Pick up a religious candle and pack of tube socks while you're at it.  

                Slow. Waited 20 mins for a microwaved sandwich.  Next some guy, loosing his hair, and not wearing a hairnet coughed all over the food. The man offered to make it again, but I refused .... this place is tainted. Stay away.  

