                My wife and I decided to check this place out after eating at Willi's Seafood and Willi's Wine Bar. They're owned by the same family, along with two other restaurants in Sonoma county. Both Willi's restaurants are tapas style, which is my favorite. Monti's isn't. This wasn't a bad thing in the least.   The menu is pretty diverse, with both seafood and land options. The food was great. My wife and I were there for about 2.5 hours on Valentine's Day. They weren't that busy so we sat down well before our reservation, which was great. We both really like trying different foods, so the diverse menu was a good thing. We ended up having 2 bottles of wine, one white and one red. We sat outside on the patio. It was an unseasonably warm day. It was 75 degrees when we arrived! I had the lamb burger, which was amazing, and my wife had the Mt Lassen trout. She loved it. The service was great. We were there so long, we had two separate waiters. They were both fantastic. I will definitely return.  

                Nicely situated restaurant in nostalgic Montgomery Village. I've been here a handful of times and have enjoyed the experience. The food has been mediocre, but they do pour excellent drinks. Bourbon and peach happens to be my favorite.  My newly single dad and I came here for dinner roughly 2 months ago, we asked what the specials were and were not told that they were out of half of their offerings on the menu. I feel like when we were seated they should have told us that they were out of certain things. We then decided to pay for our drinks and bounced.   On Valentine's Day, my date and I arrived around 7:30 with the intention of having drinks and dinner. Upon arrival, we were greeted by an extremely rude, blonde hostess. I kindly asked if they were out of anything on their menu. She took great offense to my question and stood there silently, staring at me like she couldn't believe I had asked the question. Needless to say we walked out. There are plenty of other offerings in Sonoma County (Farmhouse Inn, Madrona Manor, and Applewood to name a few). You're a hostess, honey. It doesn't take any brains to make reservations and tell someone where to sit. Lose the attitude. It's an unfortunate situation as the bartenders and waitstaff are usually quite lovely.   Check out the filtered reviews.  

                My mom and I came in here for lunch last week and had a fabulous meal. I love the ambiance in this restaurant. The decor is on the upscale side, but the wood fire for pizza making (I'm assuming) gives the space a cozy feel.  We each ordered a baby lettuces salad and then split the Monti's Cristo sandwich. Everything was wonderful. Between the candied walnuts and blue cheese on the salad, and sweet onion jam on the sandwich there were lots of great touches to the food to make it interesting and delicious.  My only complaint was that it took about 15 minutes to get a table, even though there were several open, set, tables when we arrived. However, the complimentary bread did wonders to make up for the delay.  

                I love,love,love this place.  My fav are the casino clams always cooked to perfection.  Great bartenders good drink as are the waiters/waitresses who are usually prompt,and polite.  

                This place was absolutely amazing. You walk in and get a sense of casual combined with fancy, a small bar at the front and a dimly lit ambiance.   Our server gave us great suggestions on the menu. We started with the calamari friti that had squash and tentacles breaded and crisped to perfection with a deliciously lemony aioli.   Turns out we didn't need a starter, because our entrees were huge! I had a lamb burger (medium rare) served on a soft ciabatta roll with tzatziki sauce, feta and pickled onions. I almost cried when I had the last bite (but there was no way I could have eaten more!)  My boyfriend got the Thursday night rotisserie special, a flatbread with hummus spread, lightly dressed arugula salad, grilled onions, and the most tender and wonderfully spiced pork. It literally melted in my mouth.   If you haven't been here, go now. It looks like the menu may rotate often - so if you're a lamb burger fan get it while they got it!  I cannot wait to go back again and try more of their fantastic options.  

                Great place. Always good food and service.  Love to come and eat in their patio of a warm day and have the iced tea with the simple syrup. Have some apps and a light meal. Excellent food every time I've been. Keep it up chaps. Cheers.  

                We did a quick search for a good place to eat when we arrived in Santa Rosa, found Monti's, and decided to give it a try. The ambiance was wonderful, interiors were beautiful, and overall quite unexpected for it's location in a 'mall-like' atmosphere. It happened to be 'Restaurant Week' and Monti's offered a three course meal for the event so we took advantage of it. The food was EXCELLENT! And the crème brulee, dusted with a light sprinkle of sea salt, was the BEST I have ever had! I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone interested in top notch food at a reasonable price.  

                Monti's is conveniently located in Montgomery Village, and on a Monday night, wasn't crowded at all. Luckily for my dinner guest and I that we chose this night to stop by as normally the place is crowded and you can't get a close parking spot. This evening, we hit the jackpot!  The Dungeness Crab Fritters were divine! However my Alaskan Halibut was a little bland and the fingerling potatoes were practically non-existent. I understand that my dinner guest's Hangar Steak was cooked and tasted well. The Creme Brulee was magnificent! So we started and ended our meals on high notes! Overall, the meals were a little on the pricey side of things, but filling non-the-less.   The ambiance was a mixed of styles; outdoor seating, intimate or social seating and bar seating, all different, but worked for the space. The service was great and I know the my guest was pleased with our restaurant choice for the evening. Especially since she got to order her Ginger Bear.  I give Monti's three stars, losing one star for my bland Halibut, and another for the high price I paid for it. Otherwise, it is A-OK.  

                I used to LOVE this place! It was one of the main go-to's for work lunches or post-work get-togethers. Always dependable.  I went for a recent lunch and I was really surprised by the quality of the food. Both my lunch partner and I ordered the prime rib sandwich. I suppose I should have done the math: realizing I was having lunch on a Wednesday and ordering a prime rib sandwich knowing that prime rib is served on Sundays. Chances were good that it was going to be Sunday's leftovers in Wednesday's sandwich.   Still, I (stupidly, I suppose) imagined a sandwich with something in it that resembled prime rib. Instead, what arrived was chopped little pieces of meat mixed in with sauce and cheese and peppers. It was like something I would have expected to get at Subway but not at Monti's. Because it was an important business lunch I didn't want to make an "issue" of it but it was so disappointing.   We also ordered a side of french fries (it wasn't an option to get them as a sandwich side instead of pickles) and I was SO sad to see that they messed with something so tried and true as their wonderful shoestring fries. They are, according to the waitress, cutting them in house now and both my lunch partner and I much preferred the original ones and hardly touched these "new and improved" fries.   Such a bummer.  Two stars and not one because the service was still fantastic.  

                We came here for our anniversary dinner.  The food was good, but not "to die for."  I had the salmon which melted in my mouth (great!) but was otherwise unremarkable.  My husband ordered the pork chop and felt that the arugula side dish did not complement the pork with the marmalade.  BTW: he loved the marmalade!  For a guy, he thought the portions were small.  They were about right for me.  So overall, it was very good, but not great.  For the price, was expecting better.  Having said all that, I would still go back to dine and hang out at some of the concerts in the Village.  

                Sitting outside in the heated dining are is perfect - all year long! They have cushions for the chairs is your bum gets cold and these cozy blanket wraps.  The service and food is top quality.  I had spinach salad and the hanger steak along with a nice Cabernet. Perfect.  

                Four stars for food. Minus one for the slowest, non-follow-up service ever. For the reputation, menu, and price I expected a stellar waitstaff. Everything took forever - two and a half hour lunch!  

                The GREAT:  -Mushroom truffle garlic pizza - likely the best pizza i've EVER had, the chunky filling underneath the cheese is the best! a MUST TRY  -Creme brulée - SUPER SMOOTH, not grainy at all!! this is french bakery status folks!  The GOOD:  -Chocolate cake - who doesn't like warm gooey chocolate cake??  -Crab deviled eggs - legitimate crab meat which was sweet  -Hot wings - juicy and saucy, the skin is a little thick/fatty but you don't have to eat all of it....  -Margarita  -Lemon Drop  I'll pass:   - BBQ Oysters - lacking in flavor  - Raw Oysters - pretty standard, the oysters in the city for $1 are better than these for $1.5  - Shrimp - large cocktail shrimp, unfortunately you gotta de-shell them yourself!  - Pomegranate fix - very light  Service was friendly and frequent for the most part.  Overall I would probably come back here again for a legit meal off of the main menu, apparently the majority of the happy hour food is unimpressive  

                Went for a Casual Dinner while in town for Work.   Food - Got the special of the day, which was a rotisserie pork dish served on a flat bread with greens and grilled onions. The dish was very good, sweet but not overbearingly so. Went with a Lemon Tart for dessert that was a pretty good, but make sure you are a fan of lemon before you order this!   Overall I liked the speed in which the food was prepared and brought to our table and friendliness of the staff.  

                Delicious Spinach salad with rock shrimp, dates, almond and goat cheese. They also put bacon in it but I had them skip it. The variety of cheeses are tasty. The crab devil egg is delicious. The prices are unfortunately very high for the amount of food you get. The waitress could be a little more friendly.  

                This place is great!  My girlfriend and I went here for happy hour and sat at the bar with Sam.  She was very knowledgeable and made great suggestions for us: crab stuffed deviled eggs, fresh mussels,  and an AMAZING fig & prosciutto pizza.  I had an old fashion, great liquor selection, and my girlfriend had their signature cocktail "the local", which I wish I would have ordered after tasting.  Everything was so fresh and delicious I wish we have come here sooner.  If you want a great experience here I highly suggest sitting at the bar.  The staff is very friendly and we will be back soon to enjoy more food, but this time we'll save room for dessert.  

                The new decor feels forced , not cozy and the lighting is tacky. Our group tonight preferred the old design and feel. The music was awful...what happened? Food was the same with a few additions. This used to be our favorite spot. Very Disappointed!!!!  

                It's ok for Santa Rosa but if it were in Napa or Yountville it would go out of business. Good salads, marginal atmosphere. I liked it but not better than any other place and am not desiring to go back.  

                Absolutely Fantastic!  The decor and atmosphere were both lovely. It is a bit dark inside in the evening, but not in a shabby way at all - cozy. The wait staff we had was knowledgeable about the menu and offered us dessert before bringing the bill - a big deal to me. But the star of the evening was, as it should be, the food.   We had the lamb and risotto which were both, possibly,  the most divine things I have ever tasted. We had a chocolate mousse for dessert which was fluffy and rich - perfect.   My only disappointment is that I do not live in this area so will only be back when I visit again. That said, I will be back.   It is a bit pricey, so don't stop in for a quick cheap bite.  

                What a place! My wife and I came here for our 2nd Anniversary dinner a few nights ago. It was somewhat late notice, and took us some time to pick a spot, so we were very pleased when there were tables open. Heck, when we got there, we had the chance to choose between indoor or outdoor!  All around, a spectacular experience. Our servers were polite, and had a magical ability to only come exactly when they were needed - never too early, never too often, enough to meet our every need.  We brought in a bottle of wine we'd been saving (official corkage is $15), and they were perfectly all right with that. Our server patiently described all of the specials, and then heartily recommended what would soon be one of the best main courses I have ever had the pleasure of indulging in! Let's talk about that-  It was the Salmon, the Roasted Wild King Salmon. It was *perfect* at the server-recommended medium-rare, cooked with a jaw-dropping compromise between flaky and substantial, and melt-in-your-mouth buttery. It was roasted in a shiitake/pomegranate vinaigrette over roasted corn. My god, if I could cook a salmon like that (New Year's Resolution!) I would never go out to eat again.  We also tried the Baby Lettuces salad and the Mac & Cheese side, both were spectacular, but don't make my mouth water just writing about like that salmon does.  Rather than write all night long, I'll finish by saying that it was a wonderful experience, and a great place to be. It's cozy, pleasant, and a nice cross between classy and informal.  I will be going again!  

                Went to Monti's after a day of college tours with our daughter, so some wine and good food were necessary.  We live down in L.A. and our standards for good food (not just good ambience or service) are pretty high.  Monti's exceeded our expectations.  We had two appetizers: duck liver pate w/ crostini and a side order of Brussels sprouts (w/ bacon, roasted apples, currants & blue cheese) and both were phenomenal! My daughter's salmon, though absolutely delicious, was a bit oily. My salad, with bacon, shrimp, goat cheese, dates & almonds, was large and very tasty. My husband ordered the special, a pork piadine: rotisserie shredded pork served on a massive flatbread with really excellent condiments. We all shared, we all enjoyed every bite. The wine list was good, with a choice of small pours or a larger, 9 oz. pour.  Service, though efficient, could've been a tiny bit friendlier, but was fine. I wish Monti's was in Manhattan Beach; we'd become regulars. What a great surprise to find such delicious food and cozy ambience in an unassuming mall location.  

                Crab. Cake. Benedict. I finally branch out from my usual, addictive order at dinner and go by for brunch... It was a great idea. Full bar means a perfect Bloody Mary, and my Benedict was bomb.  

                In the recent months Ive only been a fan of the bar.  I have not had a "wow" experience with the food or service.  I am a huge fan of  the sister restaurant, Willi's Seafood in Healdsburg, this is not the best showing of the Stark talent.  I do love the outdoor seating, and the wine and bar offerings .  

                I had high hopes for this place but unfortunately they fell flat.   Rude hostess upon arrival. Seated us at the corner of the bar area where servers bumped into me all night. Plus we watched the food get prepared and it really took the romance out. A guy making salad with his bare hands, touching everything as it went into the mixing bowl. (Seriously gross, we skipped the salad.) Microwaved chocolate cake. (We also skipped dessert)  I had the sea scallops which we just so-so. I like scallops with a bit of sear on the edge but these were all soft and kind of mushy. The dumplings served with them had no flavor.   My friend had the duck and it was good, although a bit undercooked in parts. I especially liked the cous cous that accompanies it- The almonds and currants really add to it.   I will not go back. Their prices are too high for the quality that is delivered.  

                Only giving Monti's 3 stars because despite it's flaws it does have pretty good food and EXCELLENT drinks. In the past, we have always been happy with Monti's and are saddened by the turn for the worst in service. Last week one waitresses' idea of vegetarian was to have the chef cook the scallops in the dish then put them on the side. Last night, we had to put up with the rudest hostess I have ever had the "pleasure" to meet. I found out later she was the manager. After scanning the other reviews I see the same complaint echoed. Who is this unpleasant person and why is she in the hospitality business? Come on Starks, you can do better than that. I will not be returning in a very long time if ever. We will take our happy hour business elsewhere.  

                Classy but still casual.  The food was excellent.  The hangar steak an truffle fries were great. The pork shoulder chop was better.  Kitchen had no problem substituting sides on the order.  Finally, my 19 year old daughter said the "lamb" burger was one of the best burgers she has ever had.  

                One of the best restaurants in the County. Food is AMAZING. Service is great. Wonderful atmosphere. Can't say enough about Monti's.   Whether outdoor brunch, happy hour with the girls our romantic dinner, Monti's is always my pick.  

                We came here simply because it was close to our hotel, but the food and service were amazing! We ordered the cheese curds to start. They came out quickly and were delicious - loved the chilli aioli dip. For our entree, the 3 of us had the wedge salad, the mushroom spaetzle and the fig, arugula and prosciutto pizza. Wish we would've had room for dessert! Best part- our server was so friendly and gave us great recommendations for the rest of our trip!!  

                Great service; these folks will take care of you.  After making a mistake, they made amends, which seems like a simple solution but few restaurants go the distance.    When I'm in SR, I can always eat at Monti's.  They  have an extensive menu and still serve the best mac and cheese I've had (everything is just right).  Previously, I had only had protein entrees (steak, chicken, pork, fish), and those were all solid.  I can now say that the carb dishes are just as great - the fig pizza was good and rigatoni was amazing.  I probably wouldn't come back for brunch though.  It's just average and dinner trumps it by far.  To be fair, most brunch options in SR are uninspired, so if a menu item speaks to you, by all means go for it, because you're probably not going to find much better in the area.  

                The Canadian oysters were delicious.  The scallops, gnocchi, parsnips and truffle butter was savory and tasty while the trout with  brussel sprouts and hazel nuts were awesome!  

                If you are a fan of oysters but don't want to make the drive to tamales clean up, leave the kids at home and come enjoy THE best oyster selection! The martinis are great too (I suggest a lemon drop or blood orange). Always enticing specials and a few options for those that don't eat meat. A little gem tucked in a shady corner of Montgomery village.. Pricey but worth it! Cheers!  

                Eating here for the second time, definitely appreciated the quality of food at this place! The sibling restaurant of Willi's Wine Bar, this place is great for dinner with some friends. Bigger portions mean that you are definitely able to split these family style. Plenty of outside seating but definitely try to put in your reservations if you want to sit inside.   I've liked pretty much everything that I have tried here :)  - Warm Spinach Salad - includes shrimp and some delicious dates and bacon :) - Macaroni and Cheese - delicious! Baked with a nice crunch on top and delicious cheeses in the interior... totally worth the extra calories. - Crispy Duck (a Saturday special) - my favorite dish! Huge portions served with some delicious greens - Hanger Steak - includes those delicious truffled fries that I fell in love with at Willis, steak was cooked perfectly!  - Roasted Halibut - another great meat :) served with some really good tabbouleh  If you have space, the warm chocolate cake was a really rich way to end our meal! Plenty of parking and located in the Village Court center, great place for some fancy and comforting food.  

                I got the scallops; the hubby got the burger. Both were very good and tasty. Two dishes, one soup, one Russian River Pliny, and dessert and we were looking at roughly $80. So as much as I liked the food, we'll save this for special occasions :)  

                Happy hour is good value. The mussels were a little off, but the oysters hit the spot. $1.50 each is a steal!  

                I just love this place!  I actually like all the Stark ventures, but Monti's is close by so I go there most often.  I have been eating here for many years, and it is always good; I have never had even an average meal here.   I've had lunch and dinner at Monti's and the food is always sooo good!  I love the spinach salad; that's my favorite.  

                Monti's Rotisserie and Bar Santa Rosa Ca.  <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.starkrestaurants.com%2Fmontis_rotisserie.html&s=9645076d7214f98cbd4ffe989bcc00009945b43c51fdad36deff13f12d7b50f7" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">starkrestaurants.com/mon…</a>  The truth is there are many places to eat. The reality is many of us will never have the opportunity to dine in a fabled 3 Star Michelin Guide restaurant in our lifetime. If we do then it is for a special occasion or once in a lifetime experience. Michelin Guide rating has been under fire lately. Most notable with the 2010 BBC documentary " Michelin Stars The Madness of Perfection " which food writer and critic William Sitwell investigates the dark side of perfection. <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.co.uk%2Fprogrammes%2Fb00rfgl2&s=38389ed9d6d71f610e1bc4f591f41cf810813c74c699a9e66c6d5d7aab6a0aec" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00…</a>  If anything Michelin Guide offers to any inspiring food writer or critic a quick glimpse of how to do your job well as a critic. This becomes more or less has become the AP Stylebook for reviewing restaurants and hotels for the dining public. If one is savvy one can take a few lessons from Michelin Guide and learn how to be anonymous while dining and visit the establishment before rendering a review. This helps establishes a base line to see while dining at an establishment has consistency with both food and service.  Let's eat.  Okay enough of the back story of being a food critic. Finnish composer Jean Sibelius famously said "Pay no attention to what the critics say. A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic." Well that may be true ,but we have all become critics in our own ways.  I have been very lucky to have dined at Monti's for many years but, had not written about them yet. Monti's has been a favorite of mine since discovering this hidden gem. Constiancey of service, high quality food, imaginative menus, tempting specials, great beer and wine selection, well trained bar tenders, indoor and outdoor dining seating, make the guess feel relaxed.  My wife and I had dined recently at Monti's for lunch on my latest trek back to Sonoma County. We started our meal with the Artisan Cheeses quince paste, truffled honey, spiced almonds which was a great way to start off the meal. Often the skilled staff at Monti's make many of the paste, pickles which accompany the cheese selections. Charcuterie plates are also available.  My wife ordered a perfect Roasted Wild King Salmon with grilled corn & shiitake farro pomagranate vinaigrette. This is how Salmon should be grilled, slightly seared from the grill and still moist but, not raw in the center. Very balanced flavors and textures. Boy that was sexy.  Myself I being the pain in the ass vegetarian had odored two of the side dishes which made up my lunch, Caramelized Brussels Sprouts Chorizo, Apples, Blue Cheese, Sage ( can be ordered with out chorizo just ask the waitstaff ) and Goat'S Cheese Spaetzle with Portobello Mushrooms & Truffle Butter. Both where perfectly prepared.  Owners Mark & Terri Stark of Monti's Rotisserie and Bar should be very proud of their accomplishments and many awards. This by no means that they are willing to compromise food or service while the accolades continues to mount. Mark & Terri Stark have shown that there is great cooking to be found in Sonoma County !  

                We were out with friends for the Sonoma County Restaurant Week a few weeks ago and ordered off the limited dinner menu.  Everyone's meal was delicious, including dessert.   I was actually jonesing for ribs and was surprised those weren't on the main menu, but I made due.  It was delicious and probably ate more than I should have, but after all, we were supporting local restaurants during Restaurant Week!  

                Wow, I still cant believe we were treated that way.  My BF and I were treated so poorly.  The people working there walked by us many times and did not say one word to us.  Not I will be right with you...nothing!  We stood and we stood and finally we looked at each other and said, is this really happening?? this feels like some kind of discrimination..hmmm could it be...well not going back to find out..see ya  

                First off, I'm celiac GF, and they have a Gluten Free Menu!!! Hooray! I've been eating here for about 4 years, and this is a recent happy addition to their already very helpful and accommodating service!  My all-time favorites, consistently delicious: Crab deviled eggs- real crab meat! Lamb burger w/arugula!- melts in your mouth, perfectly cooked with a delicious GF bun!! It's so perfect and delicious, I get it almost every time, because I can't resist!! Hangar steak Moroccan BBQ'ed Goat (Mondays, 5pm dinner special) Sirloin burger- also cooked to perfection every time! Chocolate cake for dessert Chopin cocktails!!!!! i.e. the lemon drop!! and I love Chopin martinis, which they do very well here  I also love the atmosphere! It's cute and quiet and cozy! I brought a friend here once and he accused me of being a little old lady and said it was an older crowd.. maybe when we went there? I hadn't noticed that?! I always see mixed ages and young professionals in there. Overall a very classy ambiance! (Maybe my friend wasn't classy enough! ;P )  4 stars because it's a little spendy ($$-$$$)  

                Always a great place to eat. Wonderful service always as well. I had the duck and my wife had the sea scallops and all was yummy. Even the mussels for the starter. One of our favs.  

