                The place is located in an office building so it could be difficult to find. If you have trouble finding the place I would recommend calling them.  The food is excellent and the staff is friendly. They use fresh high quality ingredients. Both the hostess and the chef asked me if I enjoyed the food.   When I finished paying my bill the hostess asked if I would like a refill on my coffee and I said yes I would. She could tell that I was in a hurry and she asked if I wanted the coffee to go? Its small things like this that make them stand out.  

                Came here for lunch with my coworkers yesterday. Before I get to the food, I have to say the staff is extremely friendly! The chef/owner was the one who came out and spoke to us before we ordered as it was our first time there. The waitress later told us that he graduated from Le Cordon Bleu and adds a special touch to each individual dish. I can tell he is artistic as all the paintings plastered along the walls were all painted by him.   When looking through the menu, I was really surprised at the variety of food that was offered. They serve breakfast and lunch dishes that varied from American, Asian, Italian, Mexican and Mediterranean. For a small cafe in an office building, the most shocking was that they served rack of lamb.   The daily specials that day for lunch was beef stew and a tilapia or chicken panini. My coworkers both ordered the beef stew and they both enjoyed it. It came out in giant chunks of beef on a plate. It wasn't actually the stew I was thinking of in a bowl. I ordered the chicken panini but when I said no avocado, the chef recommended I try the bbq chicken. I said sure thinking it was going to be a bbq chicken panini. It turns out it was actually two pieces of chicken breast smothered with bbq sauce. I later checked the menu and there was an item called "Chicken breast in bbq sauce". I was a little disappointed but I still gave it a shot. The bbq sauce was more tangy than smokey. It was alright. The side salad I had was really delicious though and the presentation was really nice. The dressing tasted like a balsamic vinaigrette.   I'm sure I will be coming back since it's walking distance from work and I want to try other items on the menu.  

                My wife and I landed in SFO from Houston, TX in the middle of a visit from the Pineapple Express. We looked for a place to have breakfast and read the good reviews here in Yelp.  The Spanish omelette is wonderful, the hot sauce is in fact HOT.  The service was excellent and with a smile. Definitely  a 5 star review.  

                Wow.  This restaurant is an absolute gem.  Great service, the ahi tuna, salmon piccata and chicken burrito were all thoroughly enjoyed.  I encourage anyone seeking a great meal to find this place.  

                Wow, what a pleasant surprise! This little hole-in-the-office proves looks can be deceiving. I was the only one here for breakfast on Saturday morning but the Peruvian owner was all smiles and grace. He suggested the Spanish omelet, which wouldn't have been my first choice, but I'm delighted with it. The eggs and cheese are moist and very flavorful. The potatoes are cooked to perfection and remind me of those I loved in Ecuador. The toast was crispy and butter-optional, which I appreciate. I'll definitely be back!  

                We used NWC to cater a company breakfast this week.  We stuck with traditional savory breakfast items as well as a variety of pastries.  From the beginning, working with this company was extremely pleasant.  Their customer service is also exceptional, they were excited to work with us and clearly took pride in their work and in making sure we were happy.  The day of the event they came well prepared and stayed throughout the event making sure things ran smoothly.  The staff were professional and friendly and the food was fresh and delicious.  They staged the tables to make a great presentation as well.  We will definitely use this company in the future for any similar needs, we highly recommend them for catering!  

                this place has  a real peruvian flavor on all the food they offer. i will recommend any one to give a try this place . there is many dishes to pick from.  Jorge and stephany are good in their prep and service  

                The definition of 2 stars in Yelp is "Meh.  I've experience better."  That sums up my experience at the New World Cafe.  It's not a bad place.  It's just not anything special.  I would not go back but if you go it is not the worst place you'll ever eat by a long shot.  Standard breakfast fare.  No exceptional signature dishes.  Service was ok.  My son had the pancakes and they brought him syrup in pre-packaged containers (ala McDonalds).  I had eggs which were cooked fine.  I asked for the special salsa and I was given Tapatio sauce.  The coffee was about what you'd get at a Denny's.  The ambiance is a bit sterile which makes sense given its location in an office building.  

                This place is a hidden gem. Do not be turned away from the warehouses that surround the place. I work in one of the warehouses here, and practically eat here 1 to two times a day. Not because it is close and convenient, but because the food and service is awesome. The people who run this place are full of energy and they make sure to take care of their customers. The breakfast is spectacular, and the wide array of dishes are amazing. Do not forget to ask for their hot sauce! they make it in house daily, and it is delicious. I have nothing bad to say  

                The saying is true to the word, don't judge a book by its cover because you might miss  out on a great read. The menu is short and easy to understand. They have different specials everyday. The people are friendly and work quick and know how to season there meats. The best food I have had on this side of 101 off the old bay shore highway. So it's inside a office building don't be shy follow your nose to the small cafe and take your taste buds on a ride. Their chicken and sea food is excellent, moist and flavorful. The portions are generous and the food is healthy compared to other eateries around. The customer service was outstanding, real friendly people. They also have great little desserts/snacks, and they have the Mexican coke with real sugar in the glass bottle.  If you are in any off the hotels or businesses nearby check it out its worth it.  

                Excellent food.  

                This is definitely a "don't judge a book by it's cover" kind of place.  We were staying in a nearby hotel, but wanted to try something other than the generic, overpriced, hotel breakfast.  We walked the two blocks over to this place and was sure glad that we did.  We went for breakfast food, so I can't say anything about lunch.  However, if it's anything like breakfast, it will be awesome.  The place is located in a commercial office park building and is hard to find as you have to enter the building before you begin to even see any signage for it.  Make note of the address and not the name of the restaurant when looking for it.  We were concerned that we were in the wrong place at first.  Don't let this scare you, as once you get inside, it's a nice little place.    It's no frills, but good prices for tasty, homemade food.  Everything down to the 'very hot' hot sauce was fresh and homemade.  I had the Spanish omelet and my partner had the breakfast burrito.  He said the burrito was tasty, but we both agreed the omelet took the prize.  I'm sure my waistline gained an inch, but hey we're on vacation. Best I can say I've ever had, and I have tried many an omelet.  We also shared a slice of the homemade Spanish Flan, and it was very good.  If you are in the area or staying at one of the nearby hotels, its worth the short stroll.  If you are more into ambiance, and white glove waiters, stick to the pricy places on the bay or order room service.  

                I had a Spanish omelette here yesterday for breakfast. Boombaddaboom, zing,zing,zing. This is the place I've been looking for in the mid-peninsula! Not much to look at & even harder to find, but the food is excellent. Can't wait to try other menu items-many items not on menu, on a need-to-know basis, like Peruvian dishes. Oh, and schmoozed w/ Peruvian chef Jorge a bit, what a cool guy! Stellar credentials, warm, affable, and a culinary artist. Someone give this guy a slightly better location and ambiance immediately and....oh wait, on second thought, that would definitely change the pricing. Keep it where it is, tucked away from the pedestrian hordes.  

                It is inside an office building, I had a hard time finding it since I thought it had a storefront.   Super friendly staff with a limited menu, but I knew that coming in. They serve breakfast during lunch which is a plus. Ordered the Spanish omelet and it was super tasty. Moist inside, slight char outside and plenty of flavor all around. I ordered it with salsa and the salsa added that nice extra layer of flavor. There was not much spinach though and the jalepeno wasn't spicy but I can taste it. Would recommend since they make it fresh on front of you.  They no longer serve personal pizzas though.  

                Highly recommend this place!! I go here for lunch at least twice a week and the Ahi salad is to die for. I also use New World Cafe to cater our office lunch and breakfast and I am always satisfied with the food and service. Jorge is a great chef and puts together any meal you ask for. We now use him every week for our weekly luncheons. His cookies and pastries are all home made and the BEST!!  

                I'm going to give the food at this cozy and warm cafe four stars, but my coworkers and I had a bad experience with one of the waitresses at this place tall skinny lady very pushy and not giving us time to even read the menu; rushed us at the time of ordering then disrespectfully screaming to the cook which looked pretty busy as well and to the other lady from behind the counter not nice at all I'm guessing this other lady was the manager or supervisor very nice lady that apologized for a problem with the credit card and their new system to swipe pretty fancy with the screen and device. She was lovely and patient! I had a better service from her and I will be back but requesting other server Hope not to see this waitress anymore. Great hidden restaurant food was awesome!! Daily specials are the bomb! I will be back for Breakfast for sure. Advice for this lady your handwriting needs to improve because we couldn't understand yours and its a restaurant not a red carpet. Good luck to the other three people there!!  

                The food and service at New World Cafe is excellent every time I sit down there for a meal. I had the Mile High Omelette this morning and would have to say it was the best Omelette I have ever had! I Strongly recommend the New World Cafe!!!  

                I took a friend for a bite on Friday and got highly impressed with the quality of the food and service. I had been there before when they served buffet but I heard they were serving lunch now. I am Peruvian and very hard to please since I cook Peruvian food very well. We both, my friend and I, got the split peas soup and it was heavenly delicious. My Mexican friend ordered ceviche and she liked it very much. I enjoyed the tenderness of Lomo Saltado which was perfectly juicy. The portions were generous and there was no room for dessert. Definitively we are going back saving all our appetite to enjoy other dishes that looked very tasty, like the special Pesto Pasta with Salmon. Prices are reasonable considering the portions, and service is excellent in a very friendly atmosphere. Jorge, the cook, shows interest in satisfying customers.  It took me a while to find the place although I had been there before. My phone saved me while our appetite increased. It is a nice little place in an office building. We noticed there was a sign when leaving the building.  

                The Neworld Cafe just opened up, four doors down from my Production Studio in Burlingame. This place is Awesome. The food is great I highly recommend anything on their menu.  Their food tastes like heaven.Try it once and you will come back.  The chef Jorge has the magic touch.  

                We've gone just about every weekend since Jorge started serving Peruvian food.  In addition to doing a peruvian buffet every Saturday and Sunday, Jorge makes a delicious pan con chicharron sandwich for breakfast.  Keep up the great work.  We consider ourselves fans!!  Carlos & Pat Benaducci  

                Went for lunch with co-workers on a Friday afternoon.  The cafe is hidden in an office building and extremely casual.  But an absolutely amazing food experience!!  The chef was so wonderful and sweet.  He also has quite an amazing educational and work background (just ask!)  He spent so much time talking with us and asking us just what we wanted.  I started with the split pea soup which I usually don't like but was out of this world.  I then got the quinoa/tofu dish.  Now I get this type of dish all the time but this was something else!  The way he sauteed everything and flavored everything was just so unique and amazing.  They also gave us 2 huge almond cookies on the house which was so nice.  I truly hope this restaurant and the chef do great - more places need this type of hospitality and flavor in their food!!  

                Never expected the food would be so good. I've been here twice, and plan to visit a lot more. I work three blocks away. I pass other restaurants to get to the one. I love the breakfast burritos. Lunch is my favorite. The prices are real good too.  

                Love the fresh bake pastries!  Great daily lunch specials and breakfast is awesome too.  Superior quality of food at 1$ prices!  

                I am a fan of this Cafe.  Food is delicious and freshly made daily!  Hot soups are my favorite!  

