                OG SLIDERS!!! This has been on my bookmarks for SUCH a long time and I'm so happy I was finally able to try the place. The entrance is like a doorway to a fairytale (the front one hahaa). You wouldn't guess that it is taking you to the most relaxed slider place. pick a table, order, and enjoy the organic delicious goodness that will come your way. Two stories with outdoor dining so there's plenty of seating.  The ambiance is really casual, but slightly intimate! I feel like it's a really good place to catch up with old time friends~ College basketball (March madness) was playing on the TV's~  Their menu is diverse and their add-ons are reasonably priced seeing as they take the time to make sure they are organically produced and high quality.  I came with a party of 5 and we all ordered the OG beef sliders and one portobello mushroom burger, as well as their colorfully seasoned truffle fries and sweet potato fries. I'm not usually impressed by sweet potato fries because they taste the same everywhere, but their choice of seasoning really sets their fries apart. the truffle fries were great because they were crispy on the outside but had the creamiest consistency in the inside, like mashed potatoes.   The meat found in the burgers were moist, they used the perfect consistency of veggies to balance their rich flavor and the buns were soft yet slightly crisp. i had mine with avocados, grilled onion instead of the pickled, and the bacon. wowwowowowowwowowow. I'm still re-living the burger in my mind. The sliders came with their own chips that they make fresh in their kitchen and i normally really dislike plain potato chips, but these matched the sliders SO well. (i ignored the pickles but they're there for you pickle fans).  I guess because of the kind of burger or perhaps a mishap on the machine but for whatever reason they were a little bit later on the portobello mushroom burger, but as soon as they realized this mistake, management came APOLOGETICALLY and asked if there was anything they could do to accommodate for the wait, we were extremely impressed. Without missing a beat they brought out this beautifully created banana pudding with toasted marshmallow. It wasn't overly sweet and the vanilla wafers-biscuits just MELTED in your mouth.   People may complain about the price of the food in comparison to the portion or whatever, but keep in mind that this is all organic, locally sourced and humanely raised food. Not only that but they actually know how to cook their food, so this is totally worth it.  Final gushing of the place: their bathrooms are clean, boo-yah! Now stop reading and go eat at OG.  

                OVERRATED: this place wasn't terrible, but it was definitely overrated.  We ordered the beef sliders, crab cake sliders, parm fries and banana pudding. The beef sliders were dry and not particularly flavorful. The crab cake slider was more cake than crab. The banana pudding was good, but not amazing, as posted by several reviewers. Kind of pricey at $35 for lunch.  The decor is really nice, but the atmosphere was uncomfortable. Several employees were on break, eating, and playing with their phones near the entrance or where patrons could see them, which we wouldn't have noticed had we not been looking around for someone to take our order. The owners were hanging out awkwardly near the entrance. They weren't welcoming patrons or anything. Instead, one of the owners blatantly disagreed with another customer about how long she'd been waiting. Maybe they were trying to make sure their employees were working, but it was awkward.  

                The atmosphere is very nice. There are two stories, and it is fairly dark, giving it that old western ambiance. There's a TV upstairs, usually playing some kind of sports game. I really like the food here as well-- and it is fairly affordable, especially if you qualify for their various discounts! I always get the student discount (sliders, drinks, chips, and fries for $9.99)  Even though the food here is great, (I would give them a four or five star) I was pretty disappointed with their customer service. Majority of the servers and the manager are very nice, but I've encountered a few employees who seemed to hate their jobs. They were very rude and stoic, even while I tried to smile and converse with them. If you ask them a question or change your order, they become very bitter.  

                I tried the dungeness crab sliders, which tasted alright but were very dry. Truffle fries were also okay, but pretty much just regular fries... Only a few had a slight truffle taste. I wish they'd let you pick two single sliders instead of having to commit to two of the same kind. And also that there were fewer screaming kids in the place. Having to order at the registers is not conducive to me getting dessert, which I also don't like.  

                Came here for the first time ever last night with 1 other person. Rounding it down to 3 stars mainly for the price. I mean don't get me wrong this place isn't bad, it's okay but it didn't blow me away enough where it warranted a $45 price tag on our meal with that being said...  We came here at 7pm on a Friday night and it was rather empty but there was a nice vibe - finding seating was easy peasy. And for people who have been to San Francisco the set up is pretty much the same as Roam Artisan Burgers. They have outdoor seating which is nice but sparse for a patio that big I think the space could be used better. They only have 3 small, 3 seater tables and then 2 larger ones for groups (outside) and 1 communal table inside with smaller seating and high tables for people who seem to be just drinking and not ordering food.   Food:  Open-Faced Portobello Mushroom: I really liked it!! It had carrot & arugula slaw. The mushroom was so perfectly juicy when I bit into! Almost died of pure happiness. I added an avocado onto mine which gave it an extra kick to it for an extra $1.00.  OG Beef Sliders: Tasted like any normal beef slider so not bad but not mind blowing amazing or anything - add an extra $1.00 for the egg as well  Truffle Fries: I was the most disappointed in the truffle fries they really just tasted like normal fries I could have got at in-n-out or something, so I was really sad about it since it came with such high praise from the cashier when we we're asking for recommendations. I think it needed more truffle oil. We got it as a fry basket so it came with 2 choices of sauce. We got the ranch and black garlic. Apparently the black garlic runs out so came as a suggestion. Anyways, I liked both ranch is self explanatory but the black garlic is more of a balsamic vinegarette like dipping sauce very thin it kind of tasted like soy sauce to me with an after taste of garlic oil so it could def. be a hit or a miss for some people  Last but not least the beers! I think the selection changes but we both really loved our beers I got the IPA which was delicious so definitely if anything check those out.   I also noticed they do have happy hour from 5-7pm where craft beers are $5.00.   They didn't have a list price on the beers so maybe that's what brought our total price to $45 because I did think it was a little pricey for what we ordered so maybe next time I'll stick with water so the prices are more reasonable.   All in all solid experience here for some overpriced goodness (OG)  Happy eating!  

                Best place in town. Stopped in for a quick bite it was fabulous. I will be back. Bathrooms are very c lean. lol i like that.  

                2/21/15: I should have known better.  On the Yelp page it says right under the title, "Burgers, Gluten-Free, Vegetarian."  I saw it... and pondered the paradox.  But heck, I was starving and everything else on Yelp around the area was Asian, and tonight we're having a huge Chinese feast for New Year's, so I didn't want no Asian food.  4 stars.  Must be good right?  Walked in... nice huge place.  Kinda empty, but vibe felt good.  I looked at the menu and looked for the good stuff..... and STARED.  Wait.... there is only one single item there that says "beef?"  A few did say "burger" though, so I asked the cashier, "Hey, you only have one single burger?"  And he says, "well, out of beef yes.  We have a new chicken one now."  I wanted to stare him in the eyes and say, "A burger is made out of beef.  Everything else is a 'sandwich.'"  But, well, I didn't.  Fine...  1. OG Beef Slider $9.89:  Add 11 cents and you get $10.  What does $10 buy you?  You get 2 burgers 2" in diameter each.  Okay, so to help this discussion out, please take out a ruler and check out how long 2" is.  Imagine that size of a burger with a patty slightly thicker than the McDonald's kiddie burger's.  You get 2.  And 4 chips.  No, not like a snack bag of chips.  Like 4 chips.  (Though I must say, the chips were pretty good--possibly cooked in-house.)  The buns were nice round rolls, and you get cheese, onions, and a portion of a leaf of lettuce that almost dwarfs the patty--yeah, that's how small the patty is.  I realize "sliders" are supposed to be small, but even with the 2 combined they would still be smaller than a normal burger from your average fast-food chain.  Anyway, tastes alright, but the patty was overcooked and though not completely dry, definitely could have used less time on the grill.  3/10.  2. Truffle Fries $4.89 (regular fries are $3.89): Potatoes are some of the cheapest vegetables you could possibly buy at the store.  By weight, might even be the very cheapest--if you got no money, forget instant noodles cause you want potatoes!--nothing is cheaper.  So, when fries are $5 (yeah, add the 11 cents again) they better be absolutely spectacular.  I read some reviews--so many rave about the truffle fries..... so I ask WHY!?!?  They were okay fries--but nothing more interesting than say fries from McDonald's.  And as for the truffle flavor--where is it???  There's a very small hint yes.  But it's nothing like truffle fries I've had at other restaurants.  Sigh.  Very super disappointed.  2/10.  Is there something about living in Cupertino and driving a prius that makes one completely immune to pricing?  How can this place possibly average 4 stars on Yelp when you could spend 1/2 as much at a fast food place like Five Guys and get far more food that tastes far better?  I don't understand.  I didn't get a drink and just drank water, and even so my bill was $16.07.  Burgers and fries.  Yeah..... 1.5/5, but I'll round up cause I guess they should get some credit for using "grass-fed" and "organic" cause apparently that means it's good.  2/5.  #burger #sliders #trufflefries #fries  

                Went here when they first opened.  I found the restaurant super hip.  The decor just swooned me.  Staff very friendly.  I guess my issue was with the price.  Food wasn't bad, but you have to pay for everything individually.   I do plan on going back to try their dessert, but that will be it.  

                My friends and I met up at this burger joint after seeing decent reviews for this place. I had the vegetarian portobello mushroom sliders while my bf had the OG sliders. (Each order comes with two sliders, pickles, and chips). I was pleasantly surprised by the sliders and love the fact that they use grass-fed beef.  We also ordered the sweet potato fries basket which came with two different dips. I believe one was truffle mayo, not bad at all.  It's hard to compare this place to other burger joints, I say, just come with an open mind! Good burgers and nice atmosphere!  4 STARS  

                OG stands for Organic & Gourmet. This place is locally owned with food that is locally sourced. They have lots of great veggie and gluten free options, their beef is grass fed, their grill is wood burning, their chicken is hormone free and even their tables are recycled (from the old Cal football stadium's benches). OG Sliders has pretty much all the buzzwords.  Our food was fantastic. I loved the BBQ pork slider with the kimchee apples - lots of flavors all dialed up. The OG Beef Slider was even better. The pickled onions, cheese and bun - all fantastic. I was splitting sliders with my wife - otherwise I'd have gone for a fried egg on top of the beef. You know, because why not.   For dessert we split a chocolate milkshake and a southern style banana pudding. Both were great - I thought the pudding in particular was exceptional, although my wife didn't like it as much. She thought the nilla wafer to pudding ratio was too high - I thought it was just perfect. I'm more into both bananas and pudding than she is - I wouldn't change a thing.   OG Sliders is on the back side of The Oaks, a tired shopping center with a second run movie theater and a Hobee's out front facing Stevens Creek.  Given OG's location, it has to be a destination to be sought out - there won't be a lot of spontaneous walk ins. Great place - let's keep it busy.  

                I met up with my nombuddy after volunteering today (3 hours in the hot blazing sun planting oak trees...I was kind of gross). Located in the plaza across from De Anza, OG Sliders is located on the back side of it so you don't see it from Stevens Creek.  So we arrived pretty much after lunch so finding seating was not hard. It's the type of place where you order at the counter, then sit down. They have a small selection of appetizers. When you check in, you get a chef's choice appetizer which was a lot of food!   The sliders and fries themselves were quite tasty, but it was quite pricey.  

                Hold the presses! Why this place isn't more well known is a travesty. By the luck of the draw I saw this on yelp and decided to give it a shot. Best decision EVER!  OK, the decor of this place? It's magic. It really has an olden day pub type of feel which is a bit on the extravagant side for a burger place, but I like extravagant so big thumbs up! The service here is impeccable! Everyone brought their A game when it came to helping us out. They were very patient with our questions and really seemed to want to help us out, and it didn't feel fake or forced. They all seemed like genuine human beings especially the lady at the register. I wish I got her name because I would love to rave about her service. She had glasses and was one of the nicest people we have ever met.   They have a happy hour which we utilized with a few beers and the buffalo burger. Let me say that the quality of the food here was also off the charts. This might be the most I've raved about a business in a really long time. We had fries, chili poppers type things, buffalo burger, and beef sliders and everything tasted perfect. I felt like I was dreaming. The sauces for everything was fantastic as well.   This could easily be the most kiss ass review I've ever written, but it's warranted because it was that good! If you like burgers and quality food, then hit this place up! I really wish I had heard about it sooner!.  

                More like 2.5 stars but since no one reads 3 star reviews I'm going to round down.   The biggest pro is that they serve grass-fed beef. That's hard to find so I give them a lot of credit for that. Just shy of $10 is not bad for grass-fed and it comes with chips.   I can't believe I paid $10 for a hot dog though. Then they forgot to give me the chips that come with the dog so I had to ask for them.  The buns were good on both the sliders and hot dog. Brioche like. And I like the pickled onions and pickles.   My biggest gripe was the banana pudding. I was all excited after looking at pics from yelp with the toasted marshmallow topping. When it came it just had whip cream on top sans toasted marshmallow I asked them about it and I guess they ran out. It's Valentine's day! Maybe they got an influx of orders over the weekend whatever but I wish they would have told me before I ordered and paid for it. I didn't even want to eat it but felt forced to since I already paid for it. And it wasn't that great. Maybe the marshmallow is what makes it good but I wouldn't know. It tasted pretty bland and very sweet. Nothing special. And it's pretty small for $6.   Don't think I'll be coming back unfortunately...  

                I've been coming here since they opened. I love everyone who works here though I'm bad with names! They always ask how I am and we have really nice conversations.   The food is nice, some of the best sliders and the most diet friendly one can get from a sliders joint. The milkshakes are awesome, the root beer is smooth, has some really nice wine and beer selections, and the fries are killer!  If you are a student, show them your Student ID for some nice student deals.  I love it here!  

                Great happy hour deals (4 - 7 pm, Mon - Fri)  A hipsters hidden gem in Cupertino.  As a vegetarian I recommend the portobello slider over the black bean. I got it with a fried egg. Food takes a while, but the ambiance and social environment makes up for it.   The truffle fries were also a treat, my favorite dipping sauces were the wasabi and truffle.  

                My first glance at the menu made me realized that the OG actually meant Organic Gourmet and not Original Gangsta; regardless I was still glad I wore neutral gang colors as I'm not ready to die in this part of Cupertino.   We ordered the OG beef sliders with the truffle fries basket that came with 2 dipping sauces. The sliders tasted decent and being their normal tiny portions, I finished both of mine handily as they slid from my hands into my stomach. The portion of the truffle fries were also tiny, I guess they wanted to keep up appearances all across the menu.   I am still looking forward to try their milkshakes and banana pudding as I've heard they are to die for!  

                If you are in the mood for some good quality burgers, this is the place to be. It is tucked away in the back of this plaza that's just right off of Stevens Creek and HWY 85 entrance where the BlueLight cinema is. The place is quite spacious with very nice huge wooden tables. The staff is super friendly and explains things to you if you are a first timer. I like almost everything I have tried so far. My brother-in-law said the pulled pork sliders (which was highly recommended by the server) was pretty good. Even the Turkey slider turned out juicy and nicely done. I am also a huge fan of truffle fries and these are pretty good especially with the choice of two dipping sauces that comes with it. This is not a cheap burger joint but you can taste that from the quality of the ingredients used. We are definitely going to be coming back whenever we are in the mood for good burgers.  

                Whenever I'm trying to find a place to eat with my boyfriend we usually check yelp. One of the first recommendations was OG sliders. I had no idea it was organic based until we walked inside and the cashier explained the menu to us. If I actually looked at the reviews before coming I would have known.  Anyway, we ordered the pulled pork sliders , truffle fries, and regular beef. All of the food was delicious! I was surprised I was filled up and satisfied. I would definitely come here again, I really want to try the root beer.  I also loved the decor of the restaurant. Especially upstairs. It was empty that Saturday night, more people need to try this place out.  

                I came with my family here for a dinner and it wasn't too busy, ideal conditions to let my nephew run around without any risk of him getting hurt.  We initially had to discuss strategy on how we were going to order.  They had lots of types of sliders like pulled pork, the traditional beef, lamb, turkey, and the list goes on.  They even also had a hot dog too which we also got.  In the end, we ordered four types of sliders, an order of truffle fries, a house salad with hangar steak, and the hot dog.  Throw in some beers and beverages and it came out to a bit over $100 for a party of five plus a kid.  From tasting the various sliders, everything was fresh tasting and high quality.  They were not bar slider size which are usually smaller than the size of a mini-cupcake.  These were much larger and although two of their sliders does seem smaller than an entree burger, the variety and sharing of different dishes here makes it pay off.  They also were very friendly in terms of making all foods friendly to any adults/kids who had allergies.  From a decor standpoint, it's a big space including an upstairs area.  The tables were made of reclaimed wood, supposedly from the bleachers of Cal Berkeley.  I literally could see numbers etched into the table.  They also have a patio here for the summer and a decent number of draft beer selections.  It's kind of a bummer that their location faces away from the Stevens Creek Blvd traffic because their food is actually worth trying and the Oaks really isn't as hopping as it used to be.  This could be the burgers and brew type option that could appeal to slider fans as well as families who want to try something different than BJ's or Red Robin.  I definitely will be back here again!  

                My husband and I had intended to grab some pupusas for dinner, but we got detoured by a closed freeway on-ramp and had to take the long way around to hit the freeway.  Halfway through our brief detour, we decided we were too hungry to wait.  Luckily, we were passing The Oaks and I remembered there was that "little slider place we've been meaning to try" around back.  So it was decided - providing that they were still open at a little after 9:30 on a Friday night.  Turns out, they close at 10pm on Fridays, but they were gracious enough to not only serve us but walk us through the menu, give us the scoop on the favorites and help us figure out our sides.  And when we discussed whether to get the food to go, we were told that we were more than welcome to stay and enjoy our meal there.  That was great because the place itself has a really nice feel to it.  With such fantastic service from the moment we walked in the door, we were really hopeful that the food would match up.  We kept it pretty simple, opting for their popular beef sliders with the double smoked bacon.  I added a fried egg topper to my sliders.  My husband ordered a gigantic bottle of Lagunitas, and I tried the rootbeer.    The beverages were first to arrive, so well-chilled that my rootbeer actually started to ice up in the frosted mug.  Fantastic!  We dreamed about how great it might be to stop in here during the summer for one of those frosty beverages.  The food arrived not long after and looked absolutely delicious, but still... taste is what's important!  And I am telling you, these sliders did not disappoint.    Every. Single. Thing.  Every single thing was spot on and delicious, from the meat patties to the bacon to the pickled onions and the bun... even the cute little baby lettuce leaves!  The chips were delicious, and try as I might to skip them in favor of the sides of sweet potato fries and onion rings, I couldn't bare to leave those delicious crisps.  Or the sweet potato fries.  Or the onion rings.  Oh, and the fried egg on top of the sliders was definitely worth it!  Half out of gnawing hunger and half out of not wanting to keep the staff for too long, we devoured our meal.  We walked out 10 minutes after closing, thanking everyone and apologizing for keeping them.  I'm sure they wanted to get on with their Friday night, but they all smiled and thanked us, too.    Just wanted to thank you all again, OG Sliders!  It was a great first visit, and we'll definitely be back (with more time to spare until closing!)  

                Sliders are delicious and if you like garlic you MUST get the black garlic dipping sauce with the fries...heaven! Very casual atmosphere.  Perfect for an easy meal with no fuss. At last, Cupertino has a place to get a great burger!  

                Came by for dinner the other night and arrived to an empty restaurant with only 2 diners at the peak dinner hour...  We were welcomed upon arrival and the owner's wife informed us that they are a quick service restaurant where you order at the cashier, pay, and you bring a number to your table.  The Crab Cake Sliders were tasty. They used real crab and it seemed fresh. The toppings on the slider were fresh as well. The buns were fluffly and light. ...it did get overwhelming by the 2nd slider.  The OG Slider came out Medium Well and was okay.  The Truffle Fries were very tasty and so were the onion rings. Oil quality was good.  All items are sold separately. (ie Sliders come with no fries)  The owner did come by welcoming us to their restaurant.  Dinner was $18 per person after tax and tip ...  There were a total of 8 patrons in the huge dining room by the time we left.  ...I wish them all the best.  

                Yum! Cupertino has a new restaurant that's worthy of being added to your list of lunch options!   OG Sliders is a brand new restaurant that's a bit hidden, right behind the Blue Light Cinema, across from De Anza college.  Word-of-mouth from a friend clued me in to its opening and so today, my 3-year old and I headed over there for some lunch.  We were happy with our choice!  We ordered the grass-fed beef sliders with cheese, sweet potato fries, and a root beer float.  All of it was delicious, and my son was a huge fan of his 'toy' burger and fries.  I especially liked the whole grain bun option.  We were lucky that they offered us a sample of their sea salt caramel shake, too... which was awesome!  Thanks! Sometimes going to the Grand Openings of restaurants gives you unexpected perks.    Oh and... thank-you for asking ME first, before you just gave the treat to my toddler. haha  I'm not sure what I was expecting before I got there but OG Sliders is not like all of the other restaurants in that lil corner of Steven's Creek, or even in Cupertino.   It's quite nice... with a unique vibe.  It's locally owned, uses reclaimed wood tables, is not a chain, has great organic food and well designed outdoor or indoor seating options.  The inside is warm and quirky, a cozy but spacious place to relax,  It would be a great place to take a date, a big group of friends or the office for a team building lunch.  The outside is great, as well, though you may need to get there early for the shaded options.  Either way, OG Sliders turned out to be a great find, especially since I'm trying to adapt a more wholesome, organic, grass fed diet.   There's a flat screen playing the game. (yes - I added that for you, Ant) haha    We appreciated the kids menu, though didn't order from it as my son was too excited about the tiny burger options. haha My only thought, from a mama's point-of-view, is that it would have been nice to have some kind of kids nook with books/toys or even just crayons or something.  They're a brand new restaurant though so it's possible they just haven't rolled that out yet!    So... we'll be back for sure.  Between the super friendly staff, nice layout and delicious food, OG will probably be added to my lunch route list.  The next time, I'm going to try the pulled pork kim chi slider with garlic Parmesan fries. Nom.  I didn't get it today because it would probably be too spicy for my toddler.  And maybe we'll get the onion rings.  :-)  Welcome to Cupertino, OG Sliders!  See ya there!  

                I was so pleased about the quality of the food here. Even the chips were delicious! I usually throw out chips if it comes with the burger but I was a fan of these.  Usually vegetarian burgers are unappetizing, but their vegetarian portobello mushroom slider was scrumptious.   I want to try their black garlic sauce with their fries next time!  

                A new burger place in Cupertino. Since the only real competition is Islands, it shouldn't be hard to beat, right? Well, I wasn't that impressed. It's a fair burger, but not what I expected. First, their ordering system is so slow. The restaurant only had about 8 people in it when I went (and it's a huge restaurant) and it took about 10 minutes just to be in line to order. The burgers were slow to come out and once they were there I finished them off in about 3 minutes and was not even full. If you are hungry, it's not the place to go. Quality of the burger was good, but for the service, price, and size, it's not really my thing. I would rather drive to In n Out, Habit, or Red Robin, none of which are in Cupertino though!  

                The best things really do come in small packages and these sliders prove it!  For my first visit to OG sliders, the dinner experience was excellent. First impression, love the all-wooden rustic decor; it really makes the place feels cozy and charming. The ordering process kinda confused me at first, because judging from the upscale ambiance of the place, I thought it would be a full-service type of establishment. I ended up ordering from the register (fast food style), but the nice lady behind the counter took our order and guided us through the menu.   I had their beef sliders - definitely one of the best sliders I've had. Good quality beef (grass-fed and locally produced), cooked to a perfect medium, and to top it off, juicy and flavorful. My choice of buns were their house buns: a simple white bun, nothing special, but it held the thick slider quite well.   I also used the yelp check-in offer and got a small plate of their roasted peppers, of which I think tasted disgusting - yuck! Also ordered the the truffle fries which were just okay; just not as impressed as I have been with the other dishes that night. For dessert, we had the banana pudding which was to die for!!! I would be back just for the pudding itself!!   A meal for two ended up being around $40; a bit pricey considering the mini portions and it being a self-serve restaurant. But, I'm all for supporting local businesses and they did an amazing job in delivering delicious quality food.   I will be back!  

                I would recommend this place to everyone. The food is really good and the staff is lovely. I love how the place looks and its a nice spot to chill with your friends and family  

                I bookmarked this place after I saw the yelp email about the sliders. I was quite excited to try this place. Organic and Gourmet, these 2 words combines and  the 2 hottest products in the market right now. I spent my wednesday night here. This place is located at the far left corner of the mall. There are parking spaces on the back of this mall so you don't have to park at the front parking lot. The restaurant setting was quite communal like a lot of new restaurants. You would pay first, then get a table and wait for your order. I really appreciate their idea of sourcing organic and local ingredients, even their drinks are from local businesses. We had 3 people and we ordered the following:  *2 orders of truffle fries, we tried 4 sauces and I highly recommend the Wasabi sauce and black pepper mayo. *Crab cake sliders - not extraordinary... I was hoping I would get some fresh crab but it tasted somewhat frozen, and also it is fried *Beef sliders - highly recommend, the beef and the ingredients are very fresh and flavorful. *Pork sliders with kimchi and apple - worth a try,  this fusion match is surprisingly working *TCHO chocolate shake - Not too special. I fully support TCHO chocolate though. *Red Brand apple cider - it is from a Sunnyvale company, it's actually quite good and I will visit their tasting room.  However, the first thing I notice is their price point to serving portion ratio. It is somewhat pricey. 2 sliders for 10 bucks will definitely not fill you up. We ended up spending around 90 bucks for 3 people. Second, I believe if they want to go toward the gourmet industry, they shouldn't use big brand names for their soft drinks and condiment.  It just doesn't fit the terms "organic" nor "gourmet". For example, heinz ketchup for your fries and hot dogs? Pepsi soda? I could have gotten those from any restaurant.   The food quality is overall decent, and their alcoholic drinks selections are good.  

                When OG initially opened, I had a few fantastic meals.  Unfortunately, I've become disenchanted with OG on my last 3 visits over lunch.  It seems like the quality control and rigor that was in place after opening is no longer there. Food is served cold, over-cooked or incomplete.  On a recent lunch, my sliders were served cold, the onion rings were fried into oblivion and service was slow.  My dining companions on the last 3 visits commented that for such a premium price there should be much more attention to detail.  I really wanted to like OG, but it seems that it is deteriorating with age instead of getting better.  

                Liked the beef sliders and truffle fries.   I was full afterward and didn't mind the price.  Quality has a price and I'm glad the cows had a good life  

                Great food, all organic choices. The chicken sliders aren't on the menu, but we'll worth it. We had the spicy chicken and the OG beef slider plus the parmesian garlic fries. Good atmosphere wine and beer available.  

                One day during hungover lunch hour at my work, I decide that I am craving for something bad for me..like a burger. As I'm going down the list, I figured that I would give OG Slider another go because A. It's organic and I would feel less guilty about eating a burger (or in this case mini burgers) and B. It's a good reason to give this place a second chance seeing as I wasn't too pleased last time.  Again, I got their OG Slider plus bacon and eggs and also ordered a side of sweet potato fries and onion rings. This time around, the slider wasn't dry and super yummy, although the egg was again over cooked even though I specified over easy.  The sweet potato fries were really good, although it needed a little bit more salt. Onion rings are really crispy and reeeeally good!  The staff is very friendly. But once again, I got turned off by how much it costed. I mean I get that it's organic but seriously? $24 for two sliders, fries, and onion rings seems a little ridiculous to me. However, I am glad that I gave this place another try even though I won't be visiting this place on the regular.  

                Great restaurant with servers who want to make the most of your visit! They are sooo friendly and have great suggestions.   OG sliders: so so so good. I love me some good pickles and this sandwich came with some really wonderful ones. The burgers were really tasty and had a side of garlic aoili if my memory serves me correctly. It was a really balanced burger and I really enjoyed it! order comes with two.  OG yard dog: It is a very fresh chili dog. Usually a chili dog is an atomic bomb in the stomach but this was much lighter with a chili that was overrun by salt.   The sweet potato fries: I always love sweet potato fries and you can never go wrong (that is, unless i make them.) The ones here are pretty great but they were lacking a great dipping sauce. Good thing we had a bit left over from our burgers so it was a perfect accompaniment.  Chef special appetizer: grilled flatbread with roasted bell peppers and cheese dip. It was a nice dish that I really enjoyed. The flatbread was nice and toasty and the dip was fresh and delicious. It came with our meal because we checked in! so check in my friends!  root beer ON TAP IN A FROSTED GLASS. oh man. the true highlight of the nice. The mug the rootbeer was in created little ice crystals on the surface of the root beer. It this a dream?  Vanilla pudding: you had me at nilla wafers.    There is a ton of room and outside, there is a wonderful porch with awesome rocking chairs and heat lamps when things get chilly.   When I return, I'm going to get me a handmade shake. I hear it's so freaking good. Only drawbacki have about this place was the price but you're getting such fresh ingredients and organic goodness. Ultimately, it was all delicious, affordable, and my tummy was happy :Definitely bring all your friends and give this place a try!  

                This place is the cutest place ever! I really love their cute cups for drinks. I feel like it's the counter and umami merged into one!  It's sort of hidden in the plaza right across de anza though so it might be difficult to find at first.  The portions might look tiny but it definitely fills you up! I got the Og beef burger and it was so yum :)  The guy who helped us out, (I'm assuming his name is Mike because it says on the receipt) was so kind! As a college student, he gave me and my friends a good deal, $10-$11 for a burger, drink, and fries! He said,"I know your guys' struggle" haha.  Honestly better than the counter, this place is a hidden gem!!!  

                Original Gangster Sliders would be a little cheaper and more dangerous, but this spot is called Organic Food & Gourmet Burgers, OG Sliders to be exact, because of the high quality and locally sourced ingredients used in each and every slider. And they're more than legit.   Ordered the Crab Cake Sliders, OG Beef Sliders, truffle fries, onion rings, and an Oreo milkshake. I'm a big crab cakes fan, but I was a little worried about them being too bready in slider form. That was not the case at all. The crab cake had a generous amount of real crab and was just light enough to work its magic between two homemade buns. The OG Beef Sliders were juicy and cooked to a perfect medium rare, just like I like them. And don't get me started on those Truffle Fries. I want more of them. Right now.   Then came the Oreo shake. I'm dozing back into a food coma just revisiting the experience. So good. And to top it all off, they brought us a small cup/sample of their pumpkin pie shake.   Awesome staff, awesome food, awesome experience.  

                OG Sliders is legit. We tried their OG (beef) sliders, Crab Cake Sliders & an order of onion rings and an order of truffle fries.   The beef sliders were cooked to absolute medium rare perfection, and the crab cake sliders were light, crispy and super delicious.   We finished off our meal with a classic oreo shake and went home, unbuttoned our pants and passed out from complete food coma bliss.  

                I came in for a late lunch with a friend. The place is gorgeous.  It's spacious, sparkling clean, has a nice decor, and the atmosphere is set by the fantastic massive wood tables, interesting light fixtures and the good music. They even have flat screen tvs on two walls at one side of the restaurant. There are option to sit at an intimate small tables, or group tables, high tables and low tables, and even a bar area. The patio outside is just beautiful and inviting. I can't wait to come back sit next to the warmer one evening or in to be back for a lunch in the patio one sunny day with a shake! You order at the counter and they serve your order to your table. The service is polite and prompt.  The two guys working at the restaurant at the time we came in were very nice and helpful. It was an extremely pleasant over all experience. Charming place. I had the grass fed sliders. It was good quality, well seasoned slider with an interesting combination of tastes. The bun could be a tiny bit more toasted.  The presentation of food is also beautiful. It was a good lunch portion for me, but I can't see how a man or someone bigger than I will see it as enough without purchasing another side dish. a smaller side of salad or fries could make it perfect. My friend had the Turkey sliders and she loved it. Again quality and tastes were all there. It's her second time here. She want to bring her daughter's sport team here but she says the dish without a side won't be enough for them and with an additional payment for a side she will think twice before taking a group of teens here. I think the owner should consider adding a little fries side to the plate at lunch. It will make the portions more satisfying and the price per dish more reasonable.  

                Visited OG sliders on the Thursday evening around 7 PM. The restaurant was rather empty.   Ordered beers, OG sliders and truffle French fries. We also got the free appetizer for the yelp check in.  - Service was great. The waitstaff was really nice and the food came out promptly - beer was overpriced at around seven dollars a glass - sliders were good. - The free yelp appetizer which was peppers was disgusting. I've never seen anything like it and it was extremely spicy. My mouth was on fire for 10 minutes and I normally love spicy foods.  Must be because they're new, but doesn't seem to be a happening spot yet. I might return in a few months.  

                My lamb sliders and onion rings were delicious!  The lamb was juicy and not greasy.  The onion rings were crispy and not over breaded.  My husband loved crab slider and didn't think it was too starchy.   We also enjoyed the shishito peppers.  

                OG Sliders is the perfect restaurant for you if you like food that is 50 shades of organic but manages to be tasteless and dramatically overpriced.  The first thing you notice when you walk into the restaurant is that everything looks new and nice, like a rustic old bar with an extremely modern edge (artsy chalkboards and everything).   The second thing you notice is the music. It is inescapable. No corner of the restaurant is quiet. This might have been alright if the music was even as close to the stylishness of the decor, but (at least while I was there) the playlist seemed to be entirely annoying a capella covers of equally annoying pop songs.  I ordered the Beef Sliders and asked for everything, but specifically the cheese, on the side. Naturally, the cheese arrived melted onto the burger patty. They were very gracious about bringing me the corrected dish, which unfortunately did not save the dish from being bland and generic. While not entirely inedible, I really did not enjoy eating the burgers, and did it mostly because I paid $10 for them.  I ordered a side of onion rings ($4.75), which were sort-of alright tasting but only 5 rings came in my order. If you don't feel like doing math, that's 95 cents for each onion ring. Again, another dish I only finished because of how expensive it was.  One place where OG Sliders does shine is in its milkshakes. I got the TCHO chocolate milkshake and it was an absolute delight. If for some reason you find yourself here, get one.  Overall, I'm probably never coming back here again (unless I'm craving an expensive milkshake), and I can't honestly recommend it. I'd strongly encourage saving/donating your money and taking your business to another burger joint.  

