                My wife and I were just talking about rice triangles this morning. We had to go to the toy shop on Solano and we're looking for something to snack on.    Great seasoning on the short rib and chicken teriyaki cuts.  I want to try more. Great prices. Perfect for a savory snack or lunch.  

                I didn't think the rice triangles were to die for. The meats were flavorful, but it didn't give me the "OMG It's so good" moment.   I've only tried the triangles so this is my rating on that. I've tried the chicken teriyaki, salmon, spicy pork, and short ribs. I have to say that I liked the short ribs more than the others because of the flavor.  The size and portion of the triangle isn't too small nor too big. It's good enough for a snack. They could add a little bit more meat though, for the price I am paying $2.00-3.75 ish per triangle.   Customer service was ok...the cashier was kinda weird and rude... But it was all good. It didn't trigger my mood since I wasn't too hungry. Plus the wait wasn't too long.  Small place. 4-6 tables.   All in all, 4 triangles cost me about $13.  The triangles were okay. I just wanted to try it.  

                More 5-star reviews needed for this place!   My favorite part about these triangles? How much meat and fish pack into each one. They do not skimp. I ordered the 3-triangle combo with salmon, pork, and tuna triangles. All 3 of them were generously filled, the rice was fresh, and the seaweed was flavorful. Complementary hot tea is also available. All of that for around $10 makes me want to come regularly for lunch--once a month at least! I just wish it were closer to my house.  The restaurant only fits about 15ish people, so sometimes you're not going to get a table when it's busy. Unfortunately, there aren't that many good spots around the area to eat...  Note: my vegetarian friend who was with me had slightly fewer options to choose from. Those options are ume (pickled plum), kimchi, tofu, and rice only triangles. Some sort of mushroom option would be a great addition!  

                Oori Rice Triangles is a relatively new contributor to culinary culture of the Solano Ave strip. Their menu is clean and precise serving rice triangle with no MSG, artificial preservatives and high fructose corn syrup. They also have the option to substitute brown rice for white rice. There is a spices stand on the right side consisting of roasted sesame seeds, siracha and soy sauce in case you want to add more flavors and textures to your rice triangle. They also have togo menu! Lastly, they RECYCLE (trash, organics and recycle)!  Location (4/5): Since it is on Solano Ave, the small shop is relative exposed to good flow of customers. However, it locates relatively closer to the freeway than the center part of Solano Ave. There are not many street parking spaces, you may have difficulties finding parking.   Service (4/5): When I came, I only saw 2 workers - the cashier ran back and forth to help the main cook. They were very efficient! The cashier was friendly :) They have open kitchen, so you can see how fast the cook works while waiting for your order.   Food (3.5/5): We ordered a box of 4 triangles (buy 3 to get a side of pickled ginger and edamame): short rib, chicken teriyaki, spicy pork and grilled salmon. Overall, my rice triangles came out relatively colder than I expected. This affected the taste of the meat a lot! I was expecting the triangles to be hot and the flavors would explode in my mouth, but I didn't get that. Is their flavor good? I would say it's between okay and good level.   I would come back for more of these rice triangles in the future! Hopefully, the food will be served hotter. In general, they are definitely unique and so convenient for quick lunch/ dinner. Plus, they are fun for kids!  

                Traffic persuaded me into stopping by here.  Oori has been in my Yelp bookmarks for far too long now and I knew in the back of my mind I was hungry and needed something to eat like asap.  However, the idea of sitting in an hours worth of bay area traffic wasn't a pleasurable idea to be doing on an empty tummy.   The place is super small yet super cute.  These rice triangles are beyond better than the ones made at Berkeley Bowl and so much cheaper with more variety!  However, I'm not too sure about the tuna Oori Rice Triangle, however, I've become a sucker for their salmon triangle!    Service was pretty quick and the food took about five to ten minutes to make (which isn't bad at all).  And to top it off!  Free hot tea!!    These little rice triangles are amazing!  And they're so easy to eat while driving n traffic!  

                Oh man so glad I tried this place out - its like delicious food truck food without the truck.  Yeah I was alittle bummed when Sophia's left,  but after a couple experiences here I have realized this place is waaay better.  I've already tried most of the menu and baby its all good.  Great place if you're in the mood for Japanese/Korean fusion.  

                I've always been a fan of onigiri, those perfect portable pockets of sushi. But they're hard to find fresh; some farmers markets have vendors that sell them, but otherwise you're stuck buying them pre-packaged at Berkeley Bowl. Still healthy and delicious, but so much better when the seaweed is crisp and the rice a little warm.   Thus, I was really happy to learn about Oori and their tiny shop on Solano Ave. Onigiri is all they do! About 10 types of "rice triangles" with various meat, fish, or veggie fillings for $2-3 a piece (hellooooo, cheap eats!) I had the grilled salmon and unagi. Amazing flavor, but I would have liked a little less rice, more fillings. I don't know what's the traditional proportions, but the grilled eel was so tender and tasty I was greedy for more.   You can take your rice triangles to go, or sit and enjoy in their clean and modern mini dining room, with window seating facing Solano. The owners and staff are really nice, and happy to chat with customers coming in to explore this "rice triangle" phenomenon. We could all use some quick, healthy, cheap and fresh options in our lives. So, thanks Oori folks!  

                Filling rice balls with lots of content, not too salty, super super nice servers, free hot tea, free wifi from the albany art gallery across the street, student discounts, meat that is cooked perfectly, so many different kinds of meat, literally the best thing ever.  

                This place is great. They serve tea. 2 triangles ea felt like enough. They were filling. I orderd the crab, chix and short rib. All were tasty. I will be back.  

                I was skeptical that a place devoted to rice triangles would be any good - my experience was that these suckers were just dry pockets filled with white rice.  Oori's rice triangles were fresh, moist, warm, prettily presented, and had a good portion of rice to other goodness (choice of unagi, short ribs, chicken, salmon, tofu, kimchee, crab, pork, shrimp, tuna aioli, etc. for $3.50 and under a pop each).  Of the two I ordered, I thought the chicken teriyaki was more flavorful than the salmon, which was just ok.  I'd definitely return here for light eats or to pick up picnic food.  

                I'm excited to have this place close by my 'hood. Although I wish they would just call the rice triangles by their real name, onigiri. We Bay Area citizens are a sophisticated bunch and would most likely make the connection (or look it up on our smart phones) with onigiri.   There are a variety of rice triangles from which to choose. About 10 to be more specific. I walked in on a recent Saturday afternoon, which may have been their first Saturday in business. I was told they had run out of rice. Wow, a place that sells rice-based food is out of rice. Yep, they're obviously newly opened. The owner was very gracious and offered to take my order and pay for my rice triangles when I returned in the requisite 30 minutes it takes to make more rice. I appreciated the gesture, and good customer service, although I declined. I would rather help a small business in any way I can, so I came back after running errands and purchased the spicy pork and tuna aioli rice triangles.   It was just like being back on the Shinkansen in Japan eating my triangles of tasty rice popping with meaty yumminess. The spicy pork was tender, flavorful and hot. The tuna aioli was almost like a tuna salad mixed with mayo, but with fresh tuna.   The rice triangles are all made to order and prices range between $2.85 and $3.50 each. Try it for a great snack or light lunch option.  

                We've been here many times. We like the unagi, spicy pork, and salmon better than the chicken teriyaki. One time they gave me someone else's takeout order (can easily happen). So I called and they said to go back anytime and get the same meal on the house. I returned today, and also ordered one more salmon. Then the manager came over and said he's gonna give us an extra salmon and extra unagi. I guess it got confusing coz we waited a while and was still missing 1 unagi and 1 additional salmon I paid for (not the extra ones manager was talking about). then we finally got the salmon, and one extra unagi after asking a few times for our original order. Anyway, it's all good. They gave us an extra side of edamame. Just check your order and save your receipts! of course, I'll go back.  

                Perfect for a light lunch! My favorites are the salmon and spicy pork flavored ones. The crab/tuna/shrimp ones are good too, but can be a little mayo-full. All the meat is cooked well and pack a punch of flavor. I usually opt to get the brown rice to pretend to be healthy. I don't think any of the options are over 4 dollars. If you buy three, you get a side of edamame. Plus with some free tea! You really can't beat this deal if you want to do something different for a weekday lunch or a casual weekend meal.   If you are vegetarian, I suggest getting the spicy tofu one. My friend said it was pretty yummy and filling.  

                Great place for a quick affordable lunch. Good marinades for meats. One time I ordered a short rib rice triangle and they cooked it FRESH! If you are a student, they also offer student discounts 11-4 M-F. I got the spicy pork student special and it was made fresh! Good portion-only it's missing a veggie to make it a more balanced meal (garnished w/ green onion tho). Maybe if they offered a side salad/edamame with the student special I'd give it 5 stars.   Regardless, I like this spot and think I'll be frequently more often! Definitely worth a try if you're in the area and want something fresh, tasty and non-fussy.  Updated to 5 stars because I discovered their yummy non-spicy kimchee!  

                Little packed Japanese goodness. It's a small little store on Solano Ave.   Service The cashier is usually pretty friendly and professional. And the food usually comes out pretty quick even when they are busy. They also have a student special M-F 11am-4pm where they offer 2.50 for each rice triangle (excluding crab, unagi, and salmon)   Food: BBQ Short Ribs - My absolute favorite rice triangle. The flavors are there and it's not too overwhelming. It's perfect with just a little chili powder.  Chicken Teriyaki - Perfectly cooked and marinated. With the perfect amount of avocado spread. Yum Spicy Pork - Definitely don't underestimate the spicy part. But another great rice triangle I would definitely recommend.   All of the triangles are great, but these are the three I would recommend.   Overall:  I would definitely recommend this place!  

                Hubby found this place when he was on Solano getting my watch battery changed at Oaks so we stopped here after my taiko class a couple of weeks back and I just fell in love with these rice triangles.  Since they are made fresh to order, the seaweed is still crisp which really sets it apart.  Everything looked so good, it was hard to decide so we went with the unagi, grilled salmon, chicken teriyaki and short rib and for every 3 triangle you also get a little edamame and pickled ginger side.  We couldn't help going back up to order a fifth trying to decide between unagi and short rib with the short rib winning...this time!!  

                Great selection of hand held bites. They are great either hot or cold, with the spicy shrimp a must try. Very nice and quick if you are in a hurry.  The dining area is pretty small, can fit 3 groups of 4 and 4 window seats. I'd its a nice day, sit under the bart tracks.  

                4.75 stars Great for a light meal at an affordable price. Parking was easy. Decor was simple and clean-we liked the wooden swivel stools. You can help yourself to complimentary green tea while you wait for your order. Service was friendly and we waited about 5 min for our food. We ordered 4 rice triangles to-go for 2 people: spicy pork, chicken teriyaki, grilled salmon and kalbi. All were delicious. We will definitely be back for more.  

                I recently went to a Yelp event, in which Oori was a vendor. I had one and instantly became hooked wanting to try more of these delicious little sushi pockets! I was happy to find that the restaurant is located on Solano not too far away from where I live! It's kind of hard to find because the restaurant is fairly small. I ordrered the spicy pork, short ribs, and shrimp rice triangles. The prices are great! About $3 for each rice triangle. I didn't have to wait very long either.  I loved the spicy pork! There was so much flavor packed in. It's great with Sriracha too, not that it needs it, but it gives it a nice spicy kick if you're a spicy food lover like me. The short ribs wasn't bad. However, I found myself wanting a little more flavor. It almost felt like it was missing a little bit of something. Lastly, I was a little disappointed to find that the shrimp rice triangle was predominately shrimp paste. It was overwhelmingly fishy for my taste.  All in all, great place! I love the portions! They're the perfect bite and its nice because you can try multiple things. I would recommend ordering two. Three was pretty filling. Again, the prices are great and there's lots of different options for triangles. I believe there were some plates as well. I'm looking forward to try some more very soon!  

                I've always been a sucker for onigiri so very excited this place opened near us.  My husband and I are now addicted. Super affordable and delicious.  My favorite is the shrimp but the kimchi and salmon ones are close runner ups.  Yum.  

                I really wanted to like Oori but the short rib was inordinately salty and the rolls less than mediocre. Given the highly rated reviews here, I can see Oori might be okay for parents to bring their kids. For anyone who is Asian, has been to Asia, or loves Asian food, this is not the place for you. I was confounded to be served kimchi which looked more like white slaw and tasted nothing like kimchi.  

                I love buying food here for lunch.  It tastes soo good.      However, the service sucks holy moly I hate them so much.    They're so dumb and not friendly and slowww.  They don't get orders right.  They don't pick up the phone when I call in.    And they are so cheap in a stingy way.  Like seriously?  You won't give me a gloop of avocado puree just because I'm ordering with the student special?  Come on.  

                First time here. The teriyaki bowl was delicious and at a fair price. The ingredients seem to be very healthy. The place is simple and clean, and the food didn't tale long. The staff were friendly and polite. All in all a great experience, and will be back. Soon.  

                Oori Rice Triangles are nori wrapped triangles of white rice topped with various "toppings" buy 3, get also kimchi and edanmane also. tables availabe for sitdowh eating. almost all occupied by people waiting for orders,  eats: spicy pork rice triangle(2.75) -thin marinated pork, fresh nori -rice bland, sauce is all the flavoring. -almost filling -uniqueness creates curiosity. worth trying once. -freshly made, about 10 minutes -all ingredients tasted fresh. 3.5 stars  crumbs: -Tamon Tea downtown berkeley makes "onigiri" (musubi) a japanese version, also made to order -order at counter, no waitress service. -would a repeat? unsure.  

                Time: 2:16pm/60°F cloudy  Purpose: Since my last client Sophia Cafe closed up for good at this location before Oori took over. I just never step foot on this block of Solano ave, no reason to till now.   Ambiance: Small place with 3 close-together tables sits four, 2 backless wooden stool on each side of shop facing window and one table set up for party of two. No sidewalk seating and was told never will. Wall mounted utensil/condiment shelf with 3 way trash bin. One cold beverage fridge, LCD menu board, iPad, complimentary hot tea, eco friendly to-go boxes, laminated paper menu. Inner back kitchen prep/cooking area. No music or TV on average kitchen noise. Can hold steady convo.   Staff: Two guys and one girl late 20s to early 30s. Guy runs the show in the back I guess. Yelling and barking at the girl at counter. At times the girl would leave me hanging just to attend the back. Since walking in the only time I've seen her was taking my order. Any other time she's hiding in back no where to be found. The tall guy with comb back hair is not too professional, hot headed.  Cleanliness: Grade A, well kept no mess maybe the condiment area. Hot sauce dried up on side of bottle, sqeezing it proves messy. No attention to detail was given for as long as it was on the bottle.   Eats/Drinks: Grilled salmon $3.15, very average. I mean it's freshly made to order but, there's really nothing special about it. The rice took center stage for having the most value as in too much rice and a slight thin layer of salmon. Even a DIY snack size Chicken of the Sea kit will contain more chicken meat mixed in mayo than this triangle. Absolutely nothing to write home here. It was void of flavors didn't taste the salmon as much, rice was a bit sour tasting, dont know why. The seaweed wrapping didn't revive triangle, each bite was just a mouth full of rice. I even got up to use the sriracha and roasted sesame/seaweed sprinkles no help. Without the right amount of meat its hard to enjoy the carb to protein ratio.  Products/Services: Rice triangles of various meats and veggies. Plates-Short ribs, chicken teriyaki, spicy pork. Miso soup, edamame, kimchi, pickled ginger, cold beverages bottles/cans assorted. GF options, no msg, no artificial preservatives.   Punch Lines: Light-bites, Close-together tables, modest cost, seats are minimal, budget-watchers, zippy service, nothing out of the ordinary, California influenced, a twist on traditional flavors, Solano ave business corridor, AC transit, street parking, Bart overpass, minutes from San Pablo ave, pedestrian/bike path, cafes, restaurants, specialty shops, residential/business area.   Tradeoffs: Don't let the clean looking place and pictures fool you into thinking neat/clean place equals good quality portions sizes. It's just the opposite.   Final Thoughts: For $3.15 ea + taxes, I would rather go to Berkeley Bowl get an grilled salmon triangle for $1.85 at room temperature. You can almost get two for the price of one. I can always heat up it and add condiments if necessary. One must be thinking not much of a difference between the two places right? Well, its about $1.60 more buying it freshly made with less filling vs premade and chock full of salmon at grocery store. Lastly the self serve complimentary hot tea becareful. They have flimsy plastic cups that bends inward instead of paper with jacket sleeves. I almost turn around and toss it on the ground as I couldn't take 3-4 more steps back to table. Who the hell uses plactics cups for hot beverages thats around 145 degree plus? Better get rid of cups before kids gets burn injured. I know it's none of my business, but look at it as a simple fix to prevent lawsuits. Go figure!  

                Love you this place.  Cheap, clean, flavorful food -- I especially love their saucy tofu onigiri!  You can take anyone here, kids, your grandma, your boss -- try it!  

                A nice new option for lunch at the Albany end of Solano Ave, Oori's specialty is Onigiri rice triangles, but they also do small plates of rice and teriyaki marinated meat / fish / tofu.  We tried four different fishy triangles, and the salmon one was definitely the best - you get a nice chunk of salmon, warmed in the pan before being assembled into a triangle. Crab, tuna and spicy shrimp are all nice, but not quite as good. I'm guessing the meaty options would also be great.  They could definitely improve their veggie options - just tofu or plain rice? Not good enough. And if you have a gluten free diet, I would be wary of the teriyaki marinade on the salmon and meats.  

                YUMMAY. The best I think was the spicy shrimp. I want to eat this more. I've had it once, yet already I'm getting cravings for more! I love that they have gluten free options!  

                This is hands down the best and most delicious grab and go healthy food. I ordered a bunch of triangles for New Years and blew my guests away with this cool new food! What are these? Where do you get them? They ate them up in a snap.  Ori please make party platters! My family eats here at least 2 times a week and every Sunday I begin my weekly craving but I have to wait until Monday at 11am til they open. Great hot, great cold, great for breakfast, lunch and dinner ! Love this place!!!!! Five giant stars!!!  

                I had driven by Oori, which is housed where Sophia Cafe used to be, not knowing what it was until I read Nique's review.  Once I knew, I planned to stop by for lunch one day when I was on my own and today was the day.  It was maybe 11:45 and all the parking spaces in front were empty, so I did a quick U turn and took one.    I walked in to the clean, uncluttered space and up to the counter to order, where I was greeted by a friendly young woman.  Two men worked in the kitchen in back preparing the onigiri.  They offer maybe a dozen different kinds.  If you order 3 you get pickled ginger and edamame as a bonus.  They offer complimentary green tea.  Not having had them before I was unsure how big they were, and since I hadn't had breakfast I ordered 3, short ribs, broiled salmon and unagi to go. The short ribs and salmon were $3.15 each and the unagi was $3.50.  The total for lunch was $10.66 plus tip.  I sat down w/ a cup of green tea at one of the tables.  A fairly short wait and I was presented w/ a compostable to-go box.  When I reached home I opened the box.  The three onigiri were still warm.  A generous pile of naturally colored pickled ginger sat in one corner, several edamame pods next to it.  I tried the short ribs first since it was in front.  It had been marinated kalbi style and cut in tiny cubes.  It was very tasty.  Next was the salmon, which was also very flavorful.  The unagi was the least assertive of the three, but was still good.  The ginger was a lovely addition.  The edamame was good but would have been better had they salted the water when cooking it.  This is definitely a place I will return to.  

                yum yum yum yum yum yum yum...and cheap!  Only feedback is that some triangles aren't wrapped as well as others.  Some are tight with the meat/toppings all evenly spread, while others are messy and all over the place.....  Still yum.  

                Got the chicken teriyaki and short ribs - beautiful presentation, delicious, good value. I had no idea what to expect and was pleased by it being made to order. Honestly worth a trip to Albany just for these, imo.  

                Love this place! Quick simple bites you can have sitting down or on the go. The spicy pork was my personal favorite and definitely worth trying!  

                This is my new spot! I'm sorry I waited so long to try it. I have a crazy schedule so it's the perfect place to pop in and grab a quick bite to go. I try to call in advance when I think the high school students may be deep ;) They do have tables to sit and eat there, it's a cute place.  It's flavorful and healthy. My kids love it too.  So far I've tried the chicken, shrimp and tuna - all excellent.  

                Pretty decent, and definitely cheap. I had one salmon and one tofu and the fish was my favorite. Kinda wish I had gotten a third since I was hungry a few hours later. Hubby got the short ribs and chicken and he liked his as well.  

                Pretty similar to the Family Mart or 711 onigiri I ate for breakfast while in Tokyo. I got to try the tuna and chicken ones when they were at the Yelp Halloween event. They are a pretty decent size for the price. The rice is most important part and they got it mostly right. It's flavored enough to be good on its own and is cooked okay (not too squishy). I liked the tuna, mostly because it reminded me of the tuna-mayo ones in Tokyo, but it was strongly fishy smelling. The chicken one was alright. I liked that the chicken pieces were kind of grilled-looking and seasoned well, but the small pieces kept tumbling out onto my shirt (luckily my dog was there to eat the crumbs).  

                I really like the grilled salmon and chicken teriyaki.  I will come back to try the short ribs. Depending on if you're really hungry or not, you can get a plate or the rice triangles. Even better if you can use the student discount!  They are new in the block and they have been doing good.  

                Made to order. Very delicious, hot and tasty. You might want to bring your own water bottle. They sell drinks, but if you just want tap water, the cups they provide are tiny. Will be back!  

                Good chicken teriyaki plate! First time eating Japanese and I I like it. I decided to give them a try and yes I'm impressed. They seemed to not know that they have online ordering and that my order was prepaid.  

                I guess you get four stars Oori b/c I found myself getting off the freeway on my way from San Rafael to Oakland just to eat two rice balls. . . .and it was getting close to rush hour! I tried Oori last month for the first time and had the crab and was pleasantly surprised. I've gone to other rice ball places and been less impressed. This time I had the crab again and a short rib. Super tasty. There is attention to detail on seasoning their fillings. I guess for me that is the difference between here and Berkeley Bowl: You can't get crab with lemon aioli and chopped green onions, or warm succulent cubes of beef with just enough fat and char at Berkeley Bowl.  And me too: two is just full. Three would be pushing it, but they do have a deal where you get more goodies if you order three . . . .  

