                Had this place bookmarked for so long I'm glad I finally went!  After going the first time with my boyfriend I attended a going away party for one of my former coworkers. Both times service was superb and food was awesome!  Japanese wasabi bowl with ahi poke, no ginger and no onions - 5 STARS! Calamari - 4 stars  Ecstasy roll - 5 stars   Gosh this food is just so good and the poke was so fresh and flavorful. The bowls can feed two people they're so large but no quality is lost with the quantity. Good beers on tap and a few tvs at the bar to catch games. Great spot for dinner or appetizers with friends or family. I will be back soon!  

                This was our first time eating anything from here. We ordered through Door Dash, and the food was delivered on time.   Ecstasy Roll: asked for no avocados (I'm allergic) and there was avocado. They were smaller than I thought, especially after reading reviews and seeing pictures. As far as taste, it was "eh".  Edamame: we have no idea, because they forgot.   We have heard nothing but good and yummy things about this restaurant from friends, so we're hoping it was just a bad night.  

                My friends took me to dinner here. They said it was their favorite seafood spot so I was really interested in trying it out.   I got one of their specials for the night. It was shrimp sauteed with garlic with glass noodles.   I really loved this dish! It was flavorful and quite filling.   One friend got the fish and chips which were pretty good. (Im not a big fish and chips fan) and the other got the shrimp tacos. Those were really good. I really liked the jalapeno tarter sauce that they put on them. Very flavorful and perfect amount of spice.   I really wish I lived closer. I would totally come here all the time!  

                Nothing special . Didn't like the food or the drinks . Weak service needs major improvement .  

                Always a great choice!   I love Pacific Catch because they have a great menu selection. Whether someone is in the mood for sushi, grilled fish, chicken, or pork- they've got it. Obviously, they have a wider selection of fish, but their red meat and chicken dishes are just as great!   The last few times I've been here, I order the Ecstasy Roll, which is a sushi roll with tune, avocado, yellowtail (I think), and lightly fried with tempura. It's awesome! Fills me up every time.  They also have a great drink menu, so it's a perfect place to stop in and grab a unique and refreshing cocktail.   Definitely a favorite in Campbell-and the South Bay!  

                I so wish I could score this higher. The whole  way through the dinner I was agonizing over it and I left it the night to noodle in.  Here's why the poor score and angst  1. Place has a great vibe  2. Wife had the wasabi bowl with crab salad which was superb 3. I had fisherman a basket incl coconut prawns, deep fried oysters and signature cod. 4. Prawns were out of this world fantastic 5. Oysters were super fresh and delicious 6. Cod tasted like a left over piece of cardboard battered and re-killed for the second time.  So being a Brit abroad the highlight of the dish should have been the cod and it was so thin and so over cooked that it had no taste, snapped like a nacho and was sincerely the worst battered cod I think I have ever had (which is saying something).  I tried to overlook it as the rest of the dinner was great but it's been haunting me.  Ok so we will return and I hope I can adjust the score but if I had had the fish n chips which was where I was slanted, I would never return.  Really sorry Pacific, I don't normally have this much to say but was beyond disappointed in the cod, that was supposed to be the signature and I was served a scrap from the bottom of the fryer :-(  

                Yum yum yum. I love the atmosphere of this restaurant! Everything looked so clean and upscale, yet casual at the same time.   Honestly food isn't cheap, but it's not crazy either. Ordering an appetizer and a roll filled both my bf and I and costed $40.  Definitely order the poke trio so you can try a little of everything.  Tip: you can also choose the Baja shrimp civeche that's not listed as one of the choices as a plate. I love ceviche and thought this avocado-based ceviche was super good! If you're extra hungry you should probably order that as an appetizer on its own so you can get more :)  The firecracker salmon roll actually had cooked salmon, as I was expecting it to be raw. But it was still good. I normally really hate sprouts, but these weren't bad at all.  I would definitely recommend to check out this place. Service was both friendly and attentive :)  

                I was so excited to try this place for the longest time, but I was ultimately let down. First of all, the menu is a bit pricey for what it is. Apps are $10, rice bowls $16, salads $14, ect.  The poke trio of ceviche, ahi macadamia nuts, and salmon appetizer:  It comes with seaweed salad, crispy wonton strips, and some daikon veggies. The best fish was the ahi, however there were maybe 3 pieces of macadamia I saw in it?..so it was basically just shoyu ahi. The ceviche had a refreshing citrus flavor. The salmon was the least impressive, but I still liked it. If you're not planning on eating poke for your entree I would highly recommend getting this as an app  Hawaiian poke bowl:  SO MUCH RICE, the rice alone it's enough to feel 3 people honestly. I suppose this is how they justify the price and filling up the large bowl (size of a ramen bowl) tricky tricky pacific catch. The bowl came with sprouts, seaweed salad, daikon/cucumbers, slices of avocado, nori, and shoyu poke. Wasn't bad, but the rice was kind of mushy.  Crabmelt with sweet potatoes: The fries were over cooked. The melt had too much mayo and barely any crab.   Salmon sandwich with spicy fries: This also had a bit too much mayo, but you can scrap it off. It was a seared filet of salmon with avocado on a French roll. Much larger than the melt and more worth it. The fries were cooked and spiced perfectly.  My sister originally ordered the melt but really didn't enjoy it. This was the first time she sent food back, the waitress and manager were very accommodating. However the service was a bit slow (but friendly), and the water offered was never chilled.  Overall my party felt it wasn't bad, but for the price tag (meal was over $75 for 3 people) it definitely wasn't worth it.  

                Solid food!  If you're craving for some poke, I definitely recommend it here. They have a lot to offer on their menu, so I feel like it's a crowd pleaser.   Get anything poke and you're good to go.  

                Good stuff!!!  From the decor to the ambience to the plating to the portion sizes to the taste, 4 stars indeed!  We tried the calamari, salmon chowder, wasabi salad with dungeness, and the ecstasy roll.  The calamari and the salmon chowder was VERY good!  I chose to get the wasabi salad with the crab based on some of the pictures I saw, but in hindsight should have probably ordered with the ahi poke.  It wasn't bad, just not GREAT.  Same with the ecstasy roll, good but not great.  Had the latter two been better, I would have had a hard time not giving them the all exclusive 5 starsy!  The price was fair and the service was great!  We will definitely stop by the next time we are in the area.  

                I took one of my best friends here for her birthday dinner. It was the first time here for the both of us. This is a very spacious restaurant and well set up. They have a full bar on one side that has TVs to watch whatever current sports game is on. They also have a covered outside patio area that can be rented out for events.   I went by the Yelp reviews and had to get the sweet potato fries with the ginger wasabi aioli, sweet Thai chili sauce. I had to say they were just OK to me and actually would have preferred to just eat them with ranch (which they didn't have). In the Yelp reviews, a lot of people wrote about the Pacific Ceviche Trio. They didn't have it on the menu. I guess it was a special that they serve occasionally??  What I ordered and really loved were the:  -Korean Sticky Ribs starter: these were so tasty good, the presentation of the food was perfect and the portion was perfect  -Island Taco Platter (2 tacos): I had the Traditional Baja and the Pacific Steak tacos. The Traditional Baja was my favorite but they were both really good. The tacos were a lot bigger than I expected that I couldn't finish them both. Rather have it big than too small!  

                Came here after attending a Mark Allen's speech at the Sports Basement.  Our party had the following:  Pan-Asian rice bowls Japanese wasabi bowl + Hawaiian poke - You get a choice of white or brown rice or in my case half-and-half.  The poke came in abundance but was not spicy enough so I had to add some sriracha sauce. I believe the poke was purposely kept mild so people can crank up the heat if needed.  Hawaiian teriyaki + grilled salmon - The grilled salmon with the pineapple and sauce were simply delicious! They got the salmon grilled to perfection Overall the rice bowls were good and you will definitely not leave hungry with the amount of rice they give you.  And for dessert, we had fried dulce de leche "spring rolls". This is a must if you have a sweet tooth. The creamy "spring roll" filling was really rich and yummy.   Campbell location menu details: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1wbqiyT&s=e1e8dffa2dbb0a9c68832711bab77f23cc0a365228f9937b46a6d4f01b0ea182" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1wbqiyT</a>  

                Came here the other night for my first time with a friend and I like it. It's a nice size place, the bar looks lively. The only thing was the lighting inside is on the dark side. It's set for like a date night, like it's meant for a couples only place. So going with a group of friends, you might feel kinda weird lol.   I went on a Tuesday night and that night they were having 50% all wine bottles. Happy hour was from 4pm to 6pm. We didn't make that. We had reservations, and even @ that we had to wait a little.   Our server was Daniel, I believe. He was really nice and asked if it was our first time there and I said yes for me. My friend had already been there. So he asked if I wanted any recommendations on anything, but I pretty much already had an idea of what I was going to order since my friend Edify what she got last time.   They give you pretzel fish crackers and edamame as a little snack while you're waiting for your food to come out. I thought it was nice and funny. I've never seen a place whether it's a nice restaurant or not give those little fish crackers. I love them so from there this place had me lol.  I order the Hawaiian Teryaki rice bowl with half brown rice and half greens and grilled mahi mahi. It was a big bowl size!! I ate most of it there, but took some home. The price for it was $16 without tax. It was really good!!!  I'm going back for sure!  

                I'm kind of disappointed. I really liked Pacific Catch. We have been here numerous times and today was just not good.  I had wilted lettuce in my $14.50 Ahi Salad. I thought it came with avocado, but when I asked....I was told no. Then strangely when I told my BF he could finish the salad he found the smallest slimmest sliver of avocado in the bowl....no more though.  I thought I read on the menu it came with avocado, and I further thought it did when my dining partner order the exact same salad but his had avocado in it. Be it as well a very small amount.  Honestly the wilted lettuce I had to pull out was more disappointing. So allow me to stop complaining about the lack of avocado that may....or may not actually come on the salad.  

                Love this place when I crave fish. Having grown up in Hawaii, this place isn't "authentic," but the quality of food is pretty good if you're not expecting the real stuff.   Food isn't cheap here though. Expect to spend over$15+ per person without tip or appetizers.  

                So pleasantly surprised! Reservations available, great service, fair price for the food, and of course fantastic food. Nothing snarky or rude to say about this place.  Poke trio - At the server's recommendation, we got the ahi serrano, california style, and the original. The serrano was my favorite because it packed a light kick, and I don't like avacado so that one was out. Definitely recommend.  Mixed catch - I liked the kick in the jalepeno tartar sauce. And the spicy fries were good. I wasn't really chowing down on this because I wasn't in the mood for fried things.  Japanese Wasabi bowl with seared ahi - SO YUMMY. I'm usually scared of wasabi but it didn't burn too much and mixed really well with the rice. Loved everything in it.  Sweet potato fries - comes with a ginger wasabi sauce. One of the better sweet potato fries I've had? Meh, I'm mostly just oogling over the poke and bowls  

                Came on a Saturday afternoon to have lunch here.We sat in the patio with our dog which has a wonderful ambiance! Ordered the California salmon with sweet potato fries.Food was delicious! Service was great, they even brought a bowl of water for our dog :)  

                Better than we expected!   Had lots of friends that talk about this place, and how good the food is. And they are very correct.  The service was awesome, they were super friendly and on top of things!   The food was superb, the sushi roll appetizers and ceviche were sooo good. We ended up with ahi Hawaiian rice bowl as the entree, and it was all pretty great!   I definitely recommend this place, I know I'll be back!  

                Ok, these guys deserve the upgrade to 4 stars.  I've been back at least a dozen times since the last review, and I'm glad to report that my lackluster experience was never repeated.  I now give kudos to PC for being very consistent, in terms of service and food quality.  This is a great place to come for nice ambiance (take note of their noise-mitigating design details), tasty food, large servings, and friendly waitstaff.  I've always been satisfied with the service wherever I'm seated (the dining room, the patio, a communal table, or at the bar), my food has always been flavorful, and I'm super happy that they know how to make a good cocktail!  

                Came here on a Wednesday night and the placed was packed! Thank goodness we had a reservation as we were a party of 6.  Service was great! Food was yummy.  I had the 2 taco dinner, one grilled fish and the shrimp taco. The shrimp taco flavor far exceeded that of the grilled fish. I opted for the side salad rather than the fries. The salad was topped with sprouts  and edamame with a miso dressing, nice and lite.   Everybody else's food  looked fresh, yummy and the presentation of food was very aesthetic.   Will definitely be back as I want to try the poke!  

                I loooooooove this place.  I don't really know many other places in the area with good poke. They have a few different kinds here. My favorite is the California Poke. It's a little heavy, but good nonetheless. I also like the Original, if you're feeling a little basic. Ahi serrano is a bit spicy so watch out! All the poke comes with wonton chips, and seaweed salad. I suggest getting a trio so you can try different kinds.   I've also had a few of the rolls here. I've had the Ecstacy, Spicy Tuna, and Sunset. I think my favorite is the Ecstacy. It's a little different because there's no rice in the roll. I also really like the Ceviche, and Sweet Potato Fries for appetizers. During crab season they had a delicious spicy crab chowder. I think their chowders change every now and then. Service tends to be a bit slow, and expect a wait when you get here. It's usually packed. It's a bit on the pricey side as well. I like to go for happy. I think it's all worth the wait for the food though.  

                Such a pleasant meal here! 6 of us came for a birthday dinner and tried our best to sample the best looking stuff.  Loved the calamari...comes with fried lemon slices and fried sweet red peppers.  The sweet sticky ribs were sweet sticky goodness, and the clam chowder was nice - larger potato and bacon pieces in a lighter than average chowder broth. I had the sole meunière and it was fresh...with sweet potato purée and veggies.  For dessert, we had the dulce de leche and cream cheese filled egg rolls...it was okay.  Service was nice and attentive; coming at 2pm definitely helps! Will be back to try their other offerings.  

                Almost all the things we ordered were way too salty. Needed plenty of water to wash the salt down.   Poke Trio- Original Poke was way too salty. Ahi Serrano was perfect (loved this). White Tuna was bland.  Salmon chowder- salty, I prefer clam chowder. Tacos- Mahi Mahi and traditional Baja were salty. Steak was delicious! Salmon poke tartare- too salty Sweet potato fries- these were so delicious! Not salty at all.  The 2 glasses of white wine I had were nice. They allow you to taste the wine if you aren't sure you will like it or not.  Service was great though. Manager and waitress were understanding when we told them how salty the food was. Manager took off $26 off our bill, which was nice. They dealed with our issue nicely.  

                I am VERY conflicted after coming to Pacific Catch. My wife and I were feeling like seafood, or something grilled, so why not get both right?  And it was here! we ordered:  -3 tacos plate w/ one fish, one steak, and one shrimp (actual names slip my mind) -She got a Rice bowl w/ some sort of fish -I got a Teriyaki Mahi Mahi Rice Bowl - One hawaiin punch coctail -one some specialty martini  =$72  Ok, the food tasted Great!! we loved and had started planning our next trip back right there at the table. The Tacos were excellent. We both agreed this was the kind of food that you get consistent cravings for. Ya, that good!  But then we got home....  I got sick, got the worst stomach ache ever and a case of the runs... mine lasted a few hours, but hers... The next day she was bed ridden with a jacked up stomach, runs, the whole 9... No Bueno!!! I had to make her some ginger root tea and she could still barely stomach anything. But I wasn't convinced...  To try to prove my thoughts wrong, I pulled out the leftovers and went HAM!!! It was still good, but again, 30 mins later and my stomach is jacked again. Theory confirmed, we both got sick from the food at Pacific Catch...  Maybe it was bad luck.. If you still choose to eat here, service is good, food tastes great, drinks are satisfying.  

                Late night dinner with the hubby and all I can think about is calamari. So the closest place to get good calamari and great martinis at 9:45 p.m ... Pacific Catch.  Well obviously we had the calamari appetizer which we love because of the accompanying lemon and pepper sliced which are deep fried to golden perfection with our calamari!! Yumm!  Dinner: chicken teriyaki bowl for the hubby and California roll salad for nurse nerd. Both were excellent! The hubby demolished his chicken and brown rice bowl along with the perfectly cooked edamame! I savored every bite of the fresh crab on my salad ( it was huge) and the addition of avocado and picked ginger just ticketed my soul! Babyyyy... That hit the spot! (and so did the martini) ;))  

                I cannot get over how mouthwatering this place is! Everything about the restaurant was warm and inviting from the start. Instead of serving bread, you are given a small plate of edamame beans and pretzels. Trust me, the combo is not as strange as it sounds.  I had a salmon sandwich for lunch and my tastebuds fell in love. Their French fries are also great and coleslaw. My mom ordered fish and chips and it was a bit too greasy in my opinion. But overall, awesome experience and I will be back soon!  

                Was here for a business lunch and the food was really good. They gave us very good service for a large group and everything we ordered came out fast.  I really liked the spicy fries as an app and I had the most amazing dish - Wasabi Bowl with Ahi... YUMMY and it didn't feel heavy - so perfect meal for a biz lunch. I am not often in Campbell, but I would come back if I venture out that way again.  

                Took my friend (Akemi H) here on Tuesday night and they were having 50% off all wine bottles. Happy hour was from 4pm to 6pm. We didn't make that but we still had a good time having dinner here. It was my second time coming here so I had a good idea on what to order and it was her first time so everything was new to her.  I suggest to make reservations (did it via OpenTable app) and were seated within 10 minutes. If you didn't make reservations and you came in a lunch or dinner peak times... then you probably have to wait for some time since this place gets busy and packed. OR be smart and just call ahead and order your food to-go? :D  Decor was really nice especially the big jelly fish painting and the lights around the bar area.  I love how they serve you a little plate of edamame and pretzel fish crackers. It was cute and the pretzel fish crackers reminded us of something really funny. You can munch on it while you wait for your food.  I got the Thai Curry with brown rice, veggies and extra chicken meat & extra sauce. Yup. It was a huge bowl which I've enjoyed eating but I didn't finish it. Our server gave us a box for me to take home and I ate my leftovers the next day for lunch, lol. For sure going back to try other dishes!  

                I like Pacific Catch! Just make sure you make reservations beforehand because this place can get fairly crowded.  The Japanese wasabi bowl with poke is wonderful if you're missing the islands! I always opt for full salad for a healthier option but you can choose either white or brown rice. Mine came with seaweed salad, ginger, avocado, poke & garden salad mix w/ wasabi dressing. There's also a third salad that's made with pickled cucumbers & carrots which I didn't care too much for.   The tacos are delicious as well. My favorite was the shrimp, it's got some bacon bits & avocado inside... Yum. The bf chose the swordfish special last time we went & it was cooked SO well! We were pleasantly surprised.   Some tips: if you want water, ask for ice water because their default is no ice. Service can be kinda slow so be prepared. Make sure you don't miss out on their complimentary pretzel goldfish & edamame! Munching on them makes the wait for food a little more bearable :)  

                Despite the good reviews I've heard, I've dined at this location once in the past and was not impressed...      I was in the the area again yesterday and decided to give it a go.  They offered free sparkling water, that was a nice touch.  We ordered Calamari, Salmon Poke, Crab Louie Salad, Crab Chowder, and Rising Sun Sushi which had tempura shrimp, avocado, ginger, cucumber wrapped in ahi tuna, ponzu.  Most of the items were just "OK", and the raw fish was not fresh....  Service was not so great...you would think if you ordered chowder, you would receive a soup spoon along with it.   We had to call our waitress back to ask for one  =/  

                Okay so I'm writting this because we went for sit down and it was really good! However we ordered off Door Dash and it was horrble! The fried mixed catch was just ewww when it got it. I enjoyed the Poke when we did sit down but when we got it from door dash it was all warm and gross.  The korean ribs were good to-go and in house~ Moving forward we will go again but only for dine in!  

                I'm not a huge sushi person at all, but I love this place! Parking is great and the servers are really great too. He was really attentive and even gave us a complimentary poke bowl. The tacos were really good. It comes with  lettuce, beans, rice, and a variety of different toppings depending on the meat you get. (Sweet potato) fries come with it too! I think pacific steak is the best. The poke selection is to die for! I got ahi serrano, original (the free one), the salmon, and california style. The ahi serrano was my favorite! Soooo flavorful and it doesn't make you sick of it. The poke comes with chips and greens you can put on it. Enjoy!  

                My new office was so kind to take me out to lunch here.  I got to try the ahi tuna salad, and you have a choice of searing the tuna or poke style.  Of course I chose poke style.  But I may have frightened one of my co-workers with it because she thought they were just tomatoes.  When she found out it was raw tuna, she slightly cringed.  LOL!    Anyway, their Thai coconut shrimp appetizer is also worth getting since it's not common to order but oh so delicious.  And if you have room for dessert, their Fried Dulce de Leche "Spring Rolls" is the perfect way to end a meal.  It was yummy!  

                Great food, service was good.. and they have good craftbeer on tap! Would go back again.  

                Love Pacific Catch. Always come here whenever I go back to NorCal to visit home. Everything I've ever tried here was all delicious. What I usually go for is the Poke Trio (which allows you to choose 3 types of poke). This comes with wonton chips and wakame and a radish salad.  I also get the Ectascy Roll or a bowl. The bowls are huge! You can choose either rice or salad and a choice of fish. I've tried the Hawaiian Bowl, the Thai Bowl and the Korean BBQ bowl. All were really good, except the Korean BBQ bowl was a little bit too salty. The ahi tuna was cooked perfectly for the Hawaiian bowl.   I also love the sweet potato fries as a side!   Definitely not the cheapest place to eat at, but the food is amazing.  

                Solid food, solid service, and killer happy hour menu. The decor and ambiance is nice and whoever runs the front of the house is always on the ball. High quality ingredients are used and the food always tastes fresh -- one can opt to eat light or heavy here.   My fave is the happy hour which is only in the bar area (with quite a few tables including seating at the bar) with menu items at $3, $5, and $7 dollars. The portions are outta control -- regular size -- and one could get full off of two items! The shrimp ceviche is decent, but the lime is overpowering. The poke was quite good with lots of ahi. The California roll here is a MUST whether for HH or not -- it's made with tons of real crabmeat and the ratio of ingredients is perfect. And if not favoring seafood, the Korean sticky ribs are delicious and meaty. The mai tai is strong (as it should be!) and the riesling is on the dry side.   Most of the dinner items are equally good. Reservations can be made also.  Love how consistent everything is at Pacific Catch!  Note: the restaurant is casual.  

                Amazing restaurant. Exceptional service, very well cooked and tasty food, and reasonable prices considering that the majority of the dishes are seafood.   We made reservations for 9:00 p.m. And we were seated immediately at that time. The staff was really friendly, and very attentive, making sure our food and drinks were ok from time to time.  We started off with the Trio Hawaiian Poke (5/5). The fish was very well marinated and had amazing texture to it. We also ordered the Ceviche (5/5) and fell in love with the rich, tangy flavor; nearly spicy when you first put it in your mouth.   For the main course(s) we ordered the Spicy Tuna Sushi (5/5), Mahi Mahi Tacos (5/5), and the mix of the battered and fried shrimp, fish, etc. (4/5). Each dish really had a unique flavor to it, my personal favorite being the Spicy Tuna.   Had a great experience here with the fam, the noise level was nice, ambience very trendy and elegant; and the low lighting set a nice mood. I would definitely recommend coming here if you plan to celebrate any special occasions, or just was to fine regularly. Either way, your expectations will be met.  

                Gorgeous and delicious, this place is superlative. I am so surprised that this semi-chain restaurant still keeps classy coming no matter what the location. The Pacific Catch here is next to Marshall's, which kind of knocks the expectations down a couple rungs, but on walking in there's a quick restoration of happiness. I always feel like PC knows the perfect zen atmosphere, what with the silent waterfall wall and bamboo shading and patio dining.  My mom and I shared one of their rice bowls, opting for the Japanese Wasabi, which was PERFECT. I was really pleased by how fresh and presentable the dish was (see my picture!). The wasabi flavor was not overwhelming at all, I found it to be a perfect complement to the crunchy seaweed and sprouts along with the fish. We opted for the Hawaiian Poke and Ahi, which is the absolute best combo you can get - the Poke is a little spicy and exciting and the Ahi provides a more muted background flavor which marries with it perfectly. I was starving and I ate this really quickly and my only regret is that I didn't take the time to savor every bite!  Love this restaurant and I'll take out-of-towners here again, chain-restaurant or not!  

                Finally, finally, finally was able to try Pacific Catch! This restaurant is located in the corner of the Pruneyard so there is a lot of parking. The restaurant has an American Japanese feel to it.   My two friends and I ordered three items to share.  The hawaiian poke comes in a single or a trio. We ordered the trio for $19 because it came with three choices of poke along with wonton crisps, wakame, and daikon salad.  We chose... Original: sushi-grade ahi tuna, sesame-soy marinade, spicy seasonings California Style: ahi, rock crab, lemon aioli, avocado, tobiko, nori White Tuna: yuzu citrus, Fresno chilies, white soy sauce, red onions  Our favorite was the California Style.   The Pan Asian Rice Bowl came with four choices for $16. We chose the Hawaiian Poke Japanese Wasabi which included wakame salad, avocado, daikon sprouts, cucumber, ginger, sesame seeds, shredded nori, and soy-wasabi sauce.  The Hawaiian poke bowl was good although I would much rather choose another Hawaiian poke trio. It was very similar.   Our last dish was a spicy tuna roll for $9.   All the sashimi was extremely fresh. Everything came out pretty quickly. The waitress was always on top of making sure we had everything we needed. I would definitely come back here.  

                I came here for a birthday meal and was able to sit in their nice outdoor dining area. Their decor is very modern and hotel-like and the outdoor area has ample seating. I tried three of their island tacos, two of which I thought were pretty good. One of them was uninteresting.   I also tried their agave margarita which was alright. Really this place is just alright. Nothing about the food was outstanding or finger-lick-inducing.  

