                Had an amzaing ono fish dish here. It was balanced and super yummy. My fiancee had a what appears to be a seared pork chop with some sort of BBQ sauce and scalloped potatoes.  For apps we had the cheese plate and also a yummy smoked bacon  For drinks I had something that had jalapeño in it and it tasted wonderful with the smoked salt rim.  I forgot what my fiancee had but everything was wonderful.  For cheese plate, app, 2 entrees, 2 drinks and 1 dessert the bill was about $150 -$160.00.  I thought it was a greaat deal!   Would come here again  

                The restaurant is located within the Marriott hotel. Ambiance and service is great with a good size bar. My fiancé and I sat outside for dinner on a nice night. We had dinner at the restaurant for Valentine's Day so there was a set menu. We were started with the Crab Bisque which was very enjoyable, second, I had the trout which was ok (nothing Id come back for). Main course was the skirt steak which I felt was mediocre. All in all, the food was okay, but I felt could've been a little better, considering our bill was $350 for the two of us. They did however, give us comp champagne which was nice. I probably wouldn't come back, but if you haven't tried the place yet, check it out and see what you think!  

                One of the high-end restaurants in Santa Clara. The ambience is super fancy-schmancy and the food is excellent.   The Foie gras appetizer was indeed delightful but then I started thinking about how its buttery consistency comes from force-feeding the fat-boiled corn to the birds.    I'm no animal rights activist but I promised myself that night to always be grateful for the sacrificed lives of animals and plants I consume.  

                FOOD: 5 SERVICE: 4 AMBIANCE: 4 VALUE: 4  OMG! I've missed Foie Gras so much! So, last week after I got back from our cruise I heard that California's ban of Foie Gras had been overturned, I immediately started looking for restaurants which was putting it back on the menu. I called Parcel 104 last Thursday, 1/8, and they said that they were going to get Foie Gras back next week, but they didn't know when, but would call me back when they got it it. Come Monday, 1/12, I received a call around noon saying that they got it in, so, I made a reservation for that night at 7:30PM.   I called the restaurant around 6PM to check on their menu since it changes daily. They said that they had Foie Gras, but it was on a first come first served basis. I changed our reservation for to 7PM to make sure that they didn't run out. We arrived at the restaurant around 6:45PM and the first thing I did was put 4 orders of the Foie Gras in while waiting for my friends to arrive.   The BBQ seared Foie Gras was to die for! Parcel 104 chefs still remembered  how to prepare Foie Gras! Joy Joy! Perfectly seared with a hint of BBQ sauce, served with cornbread, avocado salsa and coleslaw.   For my main course, I ordered the Llano Seco Pork Loin Chops, served with Kabocha squash fritters, Maitake mushrooms but with seared Foie Gras added. So decadent and delicious!   To finish off the evening, we ordered a flight of 21 year old Scotch; three generous pours of three very different Scotches, each with its very distinctive taste, sweet, smokey and smooth.   Great meal with great friends, what can you ask for?  

                I am happy to say after all these years I am still pretty pleased with the overall quality of food and service at Parcel 104. The menu changes very frequently, and as a consequence, every now and again I would encounter a dish that I am not a fan of.   That said, their dessert had never failed me. It is a place where I would order all the dessert offered on the menu and enjoyed every single bite on each of them. Chef Carlos Sanchez is an amazing pastry chef.  

                Came here for a group lunch outing. Since it was such a large group we were stuck with a prie fixe menu. The service was decent but kind of all over the place since they didn't seem to get our orders all in order. Took them several times to get a coke for me. The food was just ok as well.  The salad was missing some slight citrus to it and the beef was a little fatty. I wish I had pictures but it was a work lunch so I didn't want to be rude and take pictures.  I will say that they were accommodating since our group ended up being larger than what we told them.  

                TWO SHINING MARRIOTTS In recent times, we've had wonderful dinners at both Parcel 104 and Arcadia.  What a coincidence, as both are situated within Marriott Hotels, the former in Santa Clara, near Great America, and the latter in Downtown San Jose.    Parcel 104 boasts their "farm to table" American fare which promotes frequent menu changes.  The menu du jour that had us flocking (no pun intended) to Parcel 104 that evening was the duck!  Not your typical duck...Foie Gras to be exact!  Since the ban in California over 2 years ago, it was a welcomed return to their menu.  We were gluttonous Foie Gras consumers the night of our visit.  Read on...  Upon our arrival, I had a Grey Goose L'Orange Cosmopolitan which was one of the yummiest drinks I've had in recent times.  It was such a smooth and easy drink to take down...perfectly sweet with a crisp and fresh orange flavor.  Tony ordered a Bacardi 8 on the rocks which was smooth, slightly sweet and easy to drink, even for me.  After our recent trip to Puerto Rico, I've gained a much better understanding and appreciation of rum.  Our server, Niko, noted that Parcel 104 has the largest rum selection in the South Bay.  Our friend ordered a Maker's Mark Manhattan which consists primarily of Maker's Mark bourbon and vermouth.  Also, courtesy of our generous friend, we shared a delicious bottle of Peju brought from home.  To begin our culinary reacquaintance, we ordered the Barbeque Artisan Foie Gras, alongside a honey corn muffin, old fashioned coleslaw & Haas avocado.  The slaw & muffin were good, but the spotlight was on the Foie Gras.  The buttery softness repeatedly teased our tongues and our palates begged for yet another bite, after bite, after decadent bite...  Our entrées included:  an Angus New York steak, Llano Seco Loin Pork Chops & Spice Crusted Ono Seared Rare.  All of our entrées were deliciously fresh, juicy and uniquely prepared.  Although our dishes were already perfect, to make our dining experience "over-the-top", we all ordered a second Foie Gras, simply plated atop our entrées.    For after dinner drinks, the gentlemen ordered 21-year old scotch.  Each of the 3 tastings were uniquely different.  We also had the Caramel dessert with Tahitian vanilla custard, crispy phyllo dough, caramel bananas & whipped cream.  My final words...  So you may say that a duck or goose is stuffed to a fatty plumpness, likewise, by the end of the evening, so were we!  

                Parcel 104 isn't the first place I think of when planning a high end dining experience, but maybe it should be. It is a solid 4 star establishment with an outstanding staff and very good "What's fresh and local today" menu.  Food offerings; as mentioned are local and fresh, preparation is excellent with clever twists to keep you smiling. Case in point; I had the New York Strip which was prime quality and cooked perfectly. The fun twist was the potato side tasted like a fully dressed baked potato but was really yellow fingerling potatoes, Brussels sprout chips and bacon with a sour cream sauce. All the flava and none of the work!  Decor is comfortable with plenty of space for privacy, parking is abundant and validated, fully stocked bar with an awesome selection of Single Malt Scotches and an extensive wine list that covers every price point.  To wrap up my review where it started I think the staff needs to be highlighted one more time. Very personable, excellent understanding of the menu and dedicated to your dining experience. Bravo!  Cheers!!  

                The ambiance is super and the waiter (J III) was wonderful, but all of our meals were totally flavorless.  What a pity. Because after we were there for the first half-hour or so, we thought we hit pay dirt, but we were wrong, wrong, wrong.   And I learned hours later when I woke up with my throat as dry as a desert, that there must have been way too much salt used in food prep.  I had to gulp down two 8 oz. glasses of water to quench my thirst.    Details:  Two of us had the veal shank.  No rich flavor this meat usually has.  Maybe you should skip some of those bland farm-fresh veggies and serve this with a great polenta.  The trout lacked any sort of taste.  That diner didn't eat more than 2 bites. And for $58 the steak had no meaty heft to it.  Why?????  This is unacceptable.   Another problem:  not a single dish arrived hot.  It was all tepid, room temp...That's not good.  Food-wise there was one saving grace - the cauliflower soup.  I had a spoonful of  my buddy's.  That was flavorful.   As far as other appetizers...more disappointment. Two of us had foie gras...skip that sickeningly sweet prep that hid all of the flavor of the rich duck liver.     We are 4 foodies and don't mind paying for superior food.  Dinner for 4 with cocktails and tip was $600.  It's simply not worth that price for food served up luke warm and without any zest to it.  Parcel 104 is a huge disappointment. I guess because it's in a hotel you get folks who will probably never be back.  You've got a captive audience. It seemed that a great many of the patrons were business travelers on expense accounts.   As locals, we won't recommend the place or be back. Bradley Ogden, you can do better.  Step up to the plate.  

                I came here for lunch with my company. I got a strawberry lemonade, which was interesting. It had soda or sparkling water or something carbonated in it, and neither the lemon nor the strawberry flavor was very strong. It wasn't too sweet either, which was good, and the drink was like a slushy. It was good.  For appetizers, the table got a 5-cheese plate, the carne asada flatbread, and the vegetarian flatbread. The flatbreads were delicious; the bread was crunchy, and there was ample toppings. The cheeses were quite good too; I don't know which cheese was which, but they gave us cheese with sauerkraut, almonds, dried fruit, and crunchy bread/crackers. It wasn't a lot of cheese, but I guess that's just how it is.  For my entree, I got the grilled fish of the day, which was something like tuna. I got it medium, and underneath it was a mixture of kale, a vegetable I don't know, and bell peppers.  The tuna also came with this orange aioli, which was quite tasty. The fish wasn't too flavorful itself, but the vegetable medley and the aioli made it good.  The fish was fresh and grilled perfectly though. It was really good, and the amount of food isn't bad either. I came out of this restaurant feeling very full.  The service was good; the waiter kept coming by to refill waters, give recommendations, and so on. He was quite friendly, and the environment was very nice for a lunch. It feels quite classy, but there's also no need to dress up too fancily.  

                This is probably one of my most favorite restaurants in the South Bay!! I just can't get enough of Parcel 104.   Food here is always so good, and so fresh. I haven't had a bad experience here, and I honestly don't think I ever will. On my last visit, I had the shrimp salad, and it was great! Like I said, fresh!! The chuck tail entree was just perffffff. I could probably eat that all day. And of course, how can you forget the seared ono, perfectly seasoned and just amazing. Don't forget about that flan either, it's seriously one the best thing in the world next to Disneyland...   Anyway, if you're looking for a great dining experience and yummy food! I would say check this place out!  

                Not sure how I ever missed reviewing this place. Over the years Ive been a handful of times now. Special menus, celebratory dinners. P104 has existed as one of the only fine dining concepts in the area and has been around for a while now. Bradley Ogden is opening new concepts still but P104 continues to thrive. Recently all we wanted was a burger and were going to the bar next door. It happened to be closed so we stepped in and got the ones here. It was a definite jump in price but also a jump in quality. Perfectly cooked, bacon, cheese and great fries and pickles to boot. If you love burgers and dont mind dropping a Jackson this is a solid burger  

                Happy hour ends at 6pm by the way.  $8 scrimshaw pilsner at the bar (even $10 after tax and tip) Need I say more? This is a pint you find for $4, $5 consistently elsewhere.  Server was nice but didn't offer any mercy on prices when showing up 5 minutes after 6pm.  Burger did smell exceptionally good but only available during happy hour, I think.  

                Parcel 104 is conveniently located off the freeway in the Santa Clara Marriott.  It's probably my favorite place for a nicer business lunch in the area.  The food is good, but probably not anything outstanding for having a named chef like Bradley Ogden.    I like the contemporary atmosphere and decor. It is also large enough to hold parties of all sizes.   Service was decent as well.  They easily accommodated my request to further cook my chicken dish a little longer  

                I would give a two star review for one particular dish that is the Sonoma roasted duck breast. I made it a three only because of the foie gras.  Firstly when someone mentions roasted duck breast it means roasted not seared. What was served was unpalatable to me. It was totally pink inside and not cooked at all. Only the outside was cooked. There are certain meat dishes I do not like that way. Duck and pork fall into that category. I like it tender and juicy, not pink and raw. I asked the dish to be taken back. This was 22 dollars and everyone had finished eating so I quickly ordered the clam chowder which was 11 dollars. They charged us for the duck obviously. I would have ordered the pork but the manager told me that's half cooked too. Pork undercooked and pink inside! Imagine! Its quite expensive and food is not up to the mark.  Secondly the server should have mentioned  that the duck was lightly seared. The clam chowder was not bad, and the foie gras was good so I added a star to the review.  

                This is one of the only good places to eat in the area. They always do a good job, have an excellent wine selection and the service is always spot on. I've probably been here too many times, hence I'm getting a bit sick of it, but I can't complain.   The salads are excellent and stand out, the entrees vary quite a bit, and the wine selection is excellent.  Expect to pay for it, but you'll be pretty happy.  I would rate this 5 star if the bathroom situation and decor were improced.  

                Had Dinner there, very nice food. The staff is friendly and do work quick and professional. Asked me several times if I need anything. The food was very tasty. Minus one star cause it is in my opinion overpriced.  

                This review is for breakfast.  Great customer service. I was extremely pleased with the manager Noria and our server Matt (and the entire FOH staff) as they were so attentive and accommodating.  The new 49ers stadium and the crazy Sunday games could have made our Parcel 104 breakfast experience hectic and unfun. But instead, Noria and Matt took extra special care of their guests who were not there for the game and made it a fantastic experience.  The frittata bar is awesome, the bacon is super crispy, the potatoes are done perfectly, the orange juice is delicious and fresh squeezed, the coffee is delicious, and everything else fell into place.  Thank you for everything Matt and Noria! 100% #dishcrawlapproved.  

                I had the fish and it was AMAZING.  SO GOOD!!!  FRESH, Perfectly cooked, great flavors and perfectly presented.  I must say, I did not have to pay for lunch so that made the experience even better. I would expect a $40 lunch meal to be all of this.  The service was good but not great.  The server was personable and friendly. He also understood the menu.  But the server was slightly rude when seating us.  We asked if we could sit in another spot and she was very stuck up and said it was taken.  However no one ever came to sit in the spot.   I also had a soda and the busboy refilled it with water.  Just a little checked out...  BUT THE FISH WAS SOOOO GOOD  

                This review is for breakfast only..... I found this place on my opentable app.. It looked promising.... However, it turned out to be extremely expensive for breakfast and the service was lagging.  I get this restaurant is at a hotel, but that doesn't mean they can't bring water when you ask, or drop off ketchup after you ask, or bring the check in less than ten minutes after you ask...  We ordered off the small breakfast menu...   It was over 10 bucks for a cup of coffee and oj.... not impressed.  The waiter tried to push the buffet.  The two entrees we ordered were ok.. Eggs cooked fine. I just have a hard time paying 32 dollars each for eggs, potatoes, coffee and oj... 60 plus for breakfast....   Odds are, we won't be back because there are so many choices in the area...  

                For a restaurant located inside a hotel, Parcel 104 is exceptionally good.  Fresh, nicely prepared fare was most delicious.  The only thing that wasn't was cost--this is a pricey restaurant folks.   $7.50 for a lemonade?  

                Very professional environment due to its location at the Marriott hotel. Nice and comfy bar area with lots of couch seating available, and good cocktail selection. I came at 4pm hoping to have an early dinner but it seems their restaurant didn't open until 530 (yelp said all day) so we had drinks at the bar while we waited. Restaurant filled up within an hour of opening, on a weekday! Ok, on to the food..  Appetizers: Three cheese plate- your typical cheese selection with almonds, fruits, etc...  Seared duck breast- delicious!! So tender and the perfect amount of saltiness. I really loved this dish as an appetizer to share.   Roasted mushroom soup- amazing. Whoever knew roasted mushrooms could be so orgasmic in soup form. This was right up along with the duck breast.   (they served us a new bread they were experimenting with, some kind of cranberry but bread. It was so dense and fruity! Loved it)  Entrees: Black cod- I had a taste (was not my dish) and I did not like it.. At all.   Braised pot roast- typical braised chunk of beef. I thought it could have used a bit more flavor. The butternut squash and mushrooms that came with it were very delicious though.   Did not have room for dessert. Service was great, as expected. My two favorites were the seared duck breast and the roasted mushroom soup!! I would come back and sit near the bar area to eat those two next time, with a yummy cocktail.  

                Parcel 104 has a nice breakfast buffet.  The ambiance is more peaceful and the food tastes freshly made, more so than the Characters buffet, which is also located in  the Santa Clara Marriott.    The breakfast service staff was friendly and helpful.   The chef explained in detail, the nutritional value of the ingredients in your custom-made omelette, should you choose to order one.  I was quite full from the lean bacon and sausage, potatoes, quiche,  huevos rancheros and bread pudding.   We didn't have much time before needing to leave for work.  Our server offered take-out cups for our coffee.  I admire a hotel staff who take initiative to provide guests with all of the ammenities available, without needing to be asked.  

                My beau took me here for my birthday.   We started at the bar and got flights of Scotch. The flights were excellent and not very expensive. The bartender was friendly and helpful.  For our meal we started with a spring roll and deconstructed salad with herring. The salad was amazing. It was the perfect balance of all flavors. The presentation was also perfect. The spring roll was good but a little disappointing.  My beau got a pork chop topped with figs and spaetzel. It was delicious. I think it was one of the best pork chops I've ever had in my life. I got the tuna steak and it was good, perfectly prepared and delicious. I wish I would have got the pork chop, but this was a great meal.  The service was top notch and effortless. The server asked to valet our parking which was a nice touch. The place was busy for a Wednesday night. I'm glad we made reservations. I would like to come back here for sure and try something new.  

                My husband and I came here to celebrate our 3-month wedding anniversary and I somehow didn't realize that Parcel 104 was a hotel restaurant until we arrived (I guess that's why we had some trouble finding the restaurant since we assumed that it was somewhere else nearby).  We were seated right away and the service was excellent. They were very good at explaining the restaurant and the menu as it was our fist time there. The food, however, was just mediocre for us, unfortunately...especially for the price that they charge. We expected much more for a place that uses fresh local ingredients, but I guess a lot of them just didn't really agree with me due to their seasonal nature. We were really looking forward to the "wow" factor but it just didn't happen that night.  

                This place has been on my radar for a few years, but even though it had good reviews I was hesitant to try it because it's in a hotel and you know, hotel food is usually bad right?  We decided to roll the dice and go there for our anniversary. The vibe is definitely more "hotel business restaurant" than it is "romantic restaurant" and it seemed to be mostly filled with people having business dinners which makes sense.  The service was very good and the server made a point to wish us happy anniversary a couple of times. Actually the hostess did as well when we walked in and I think even the busboy did too.  The food was very good all around. Creative, well-prepared, and tasted great.  I'd like to go back and have another meal here.  

                Parcel 104 located at the Marriott hotel offers fresh local farmed seasonal menu selections. Currently the menu features heirlooom tomatoes.  Our business lunch party ordered: - Organic hearts of romaine, caesar dressing, sourdough crostini with chicken breast - Handmade malloreddus pasta in a light garlic tomato sauce with 38 north chicken breast - Mahi mahi sandwich with fresh fruit  Price is a bit on the high end. Over all the service was good. Location is excellent and food was okay but nothing spectacular.  Restaurant will validate parking.  

                We came here after having dinner at home because I was craving a chocolate lava cake and sure enough they had their "chocolate" selection among the other simply named desserts. I loved how it wasn't just a cake but these tiny little bite size sampling a of various desserts that was perfect to satisfy a sweet tooth without forcing you to over indulge in a giant guilt feeling mountain of a dessert.   The staff was also wonderful. We'll have to head back for a full dinner some time in the future.  

                My experience here for Valentines day was a really one.  Told them I was running late, they were cool about it.  Got seated quickly, our waiter was awesome and the food was great.  Made my night something to remember. :)  

                We came here for a team dinner. They had a great selection of drinks but the staff seemed confused about who should be helping us. We followed the drinks by dinner, which had alright service and ok food. My duck was under cooked and my coworkers steaks seemed a bit chewy, considering the price. Overall, I was not impressed by it and  probably won't be back. So disappointed since I was so excited to try this place out.  For the price, I have ten other places I would rather go to.  

                I wanted to take my cousin to a nice lunch for her bday so we ended up here.  The service was great and the food was good!  Our server was very attentive and brought out champagnes for us to start off our meal.  That was so nice of her!  My cousin had the burger -$18, a bit steep for a burger but it was very big, juicy and flavorful!  Comes with fries as well.  I had the flank steak-$30 which was very tender & juicy- cooked to a perfect medium rare.  Overall, the food was good but personally, i like lunch better over at Birk's if you're in the same area and looking for a nice lunch.  

                My daughter is dating an engineer who drives a gasless car and we went here one Thursday for lunch.  I am an old man and I love salt. But I am an old man so salt is off limits generally. Well, I got my year's allowance at this restaurant where they apparently got  a sale on the stuff. It pretty much ruined the meal.  

                I took my brother here for his birthday recently. The restaurant is fairly large and the waiters and were super friendly. We made reservations and we're seated on time. The ambiance is quite elegant and a surprisingly decent amount of light. I hate the nice restaurants that are super dark and you can barely see the food and your company. Parcel 104 creates a relaxing and comfortable setting.   They have a full bar with an extensive wine and scotch menu. We both ordered some scotch flights. The knowledge from the waiters were very helpful in our progression through the flight.   We shared a fried artichoke appetizer and a shrimp risotto. Both were very good. The artichokes were lightly battered and fried to perfection. The citrus mayo added a boost of dynamic. The risotto was fragrant and equally impressive. The shrimps were so fresh and notes of sea engulfed my mouth, encompassing my palate as expected.   For the entree, I ordered a whopping 21 ounce steak cooked medium rare (the only way it should be). The steak, although cooked perfect, juicy and tender inside, was slightly salty on the edges. The vegetables accompanying the steak was fabulous. Carrots were soft but still hard on the outside and the broccoli was fresh and exuberant.   Over all the restaurant was amazing. Other than the drinks and food, the people, ambiance, and decor really made it the experience deserved multiple visits.  

                Stopped here  a couple times for drinks, apps and dinner.  Overall really good service, friendly and good food.  I had the chop for dinner one night.  This was very well cooked and seasoned.  Very tasty and perfectly cooked.  Not well done and dry. Very well made.  The service was good and friendly.  I would go back for the chop!  

                We went to Parcel to celebrate my wife's birthday, and had such an amazing experience! It started with special "Happy Birthday" menus printed just for us.  Not that we needed them; asked for a chef's tasting, and they were happy to oblige (even though that's normally only a Friday thing).  They even brought my wife a birthday card signed by the crew!  Service was spot on, and each of the 7 courses got progressively better and better!  Portion sizes were perfect considering the number of dishes we got.  Loved the corn and quinoa rissoto, the perfectly seared ono, and probably the best octopus I've ever had!  Several times throughout the meal, we didn't want to eat the food because it was so amazing that we didn't want it to be all gone!  Between the 3 desserts, great cocktails, and excellent wine, we were in such a food high that there was no "sticker shock" when they brought the check.  

                We had a group dinner here.  The menu was a little limited, so I'm not sure if that was the problem, but the food was sub-par at best.  Cold and undercooked (I.e., totally rare) steaks had to be returned and re-returned to the kitchen and overly dressed salad burnt our palettes.  Service was friendly enough and the space was modern and nice.  

                My company has an office located near Parcel 104.  In the direct area, there's only three places to take your team out for cocktail hour.  Parcel 104, Birks and Pedros.   Parcel 104 is second on our list of places to go.  It's fine for a complete sit down dinner, but if you're just looking for a place to take your team for drinks and appetizers it unfortunately misses the mark.  The drinks are good, but the appetizer menu is way off.  There's very few items on the appetizer menu that are good for sharing with a team.  French Fries are probably the main item to share.  If they could simply put some great appetizer items on the menu that would be good for a group of 12 to 20 to order, they would probably be seeing more of our business.  Until then, I'll continue to recommend Birks down the street.  

                Tried this place for Mother's Day 2014 based on past reviews.   Restaurant was half full on Mother's day. The better places are sold out.   2x the market price, $60/person vs ~$30/person. Most places include the mimosas as part of the price. Parcel 104 charged $11/mimosa.   prix fixe menu, pick 3 courses.  Ordered extra appetizer, bbq oysters with rhubarb sauce, $18.00. $3.00/oyster.   Amuse bouche: strauss yogurt with strawberries, too rich, was more like butter with a soft yellow color than a lighter yogurt. Didn't finish.   Course 1: Brick oven delta asparagus, house bacon hash, sauce béarnaise, was too salty. Ate half, left the rest.   Sweet gem lettuce "Louis", poached gulf shrimp, deviled egg: good, no complaints. Large shrimp, not dry or overcooked.   Cold smoked salmon flatbread, California "caviar", classic goodies: awful, stale flat bread with cold salmon and red onion, capers and creme fraiche. Ate the salmon left the rest. Bread was at least a day old, maybe more.   Course 2: Oak fired flat iron "steak & eggs", soft scrambled farm egg, arugula salad, too salty. Had them recook another batch. Instead they delivered the steak well done vs. medium. No difference in the salt. Used a knife to cut the outside off and ate the inside. Group of 3, 2 found this dish inedible. Left the eggs.   Course 3: Berry dessert, was something similar to a strawberries + cream on cake. Strawberries were paired with a frozen strawberrry glaze or something prepared. Not a coulis reduction.   Expected something better at this price range. Was comped 1 meal. Should have been comped for 2. Not coming back for any more meals.   They charge for parking. Put in credit card to pay, machine gave an error message. Had to drive up the curb to leave.   Not worth the visit. The reviews in the 3 star range are accurate. The 4-5 star ratings are from several years ago. Must be a change in restaurant operations.  

                This review is for Happy Hour only! They validate parking at the bar (: Our bartender was SUPER friendly! I can't remember his name though, sowwy ): I told him to make me a drink & he kept it close to HH prices. It was pretty good, cucumber/citrus like.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/parcel-104-santa-clara?select=hSXVI4bibe-MaR08A3Q7Bw#ld_l1uoVBctM7iAGYZDwuQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/parc…</a>  For food, we ordered the kimchee meatballs and their burger with house fries. There was about 5 meatballs? The kimchee was spicyyyy. The meatballs were good, didn't fall apart but they were soft. The burger was good! We were told it was a blend of different cuts of beef. The kitchen put cheese on the side for me without complaint (: And those house fries.. yumm.. Crispy exterior, smooth interior, perfection!  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/parcel-104-santa-clara?select=hSXVI4bibe-MaR08A3Q7Bw#ON_mAnPB4iVrJ4OkT1Hmdw">yelp.com/biz_photos/parc…</a> <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/parcel-104-santa-clara?select=hSXVI4bibe-MaR08A3Q7Bw#HOfuvQE2f3DChIq0L7djVg">yelp.com/biz_photos/parc…</a>  Parcel 104 is located in the Marriott hotel.. we were kind of confused as to where to park but eventually found the place. Yay for parking validation. The HH is 2-6PM M-F. Lots of business folks at this place! It was a nice place to start the night - good drinks, good food, good service & good company - what's not to love?  

                My wife and I had an amazing anniversary dinner experience at Parcel 104 last night. It was our first time dinning at this venue, but we already had high expectations based on the great reviews and amazing photos from Yelp. Thankfully, Parcel 104 impressed us beyond all expectations! When I made our dinner reservations on Open Table, I only mentioned the word "Anniversary" in the occasion comment box; however, the reception we received from the staff was astounding!  From the very moment we entered the restaurant, the staff kindly greeted us by congratulating us on our Anniversary. We were then promptly seated by the hostess, and within a minute our Server stopped by to greet us and to congratulate us with two complementary Champaign glasses. Also, they printed special menus for us that said "Happy Anniversary!". From then on, the service continued to be exceptional through the end.  The food was beautiful in both aesthetics and flavor! The presentation was flawless and the flavors were delightful!  Many compliments to the chef!!!  Our server was very professional, courteous and very friendly. We were thoroughly pleased with our dining experience and left feeling very special and satisfied.  As a final kind gesture, we received a wonderful signed card from the entire staff congratulating us on our anniversary!   We will definitely be recommending this place to our friends and family!  Thank you Parcel 104 for helping to make our Anniversary a very special night!  

