                As always, Piccino didn't let down! We started at Just for You Cafe but the wait was way too long so we headed for Piccino after giving them a call. It's a bit pricey but the quality makes it worth it!  THE WAIT: None for 4 at about 1pm on a Sunday.  THE COST: $24 for a brunch entree and my share of a starter.  THE SERVICE: No complaints! They're chill and great.  PICCOLO: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/piccino-san-francisco?select=kJKGrv_Lx8hhhDTuqQQ4uQ#akbwEFmmN-ztKA5kTvAPgQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/picc…</a> * Zeppole, vanilla bean cream, meyer lemon curd, huckleberry ($8) - 4.5 stars pic: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/piccino-san-francisco?select=kJKGrv_Lx8hhhDTuqQQ4uQ#iR4jp0Kpu7tzULOjZ06hVA">yelp.com/biz_photos/picc…</a> cross-section: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/piccino-san-francisco?select=kJKGrv_Lx8hhhDTuqQQ4uQ#QIcDAHwOKJ4xm_EDRx47pA">yelp.com/biz_photos/picc…</a> Fantastic! A thick, lightly crunchy shell, with soft stretchy warm dough on the inside. I couldn't get enough of the cream + meyer lemon curd, it was a perfect tartness that contrasted the sugar coating on the little beignets perfectly, and the huckleberry added just that extra zing of flavor when you needed it.  GRANDE: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/piccino-san-francisco?select=kJKGrv_Lx8hhhDTuqQQ4uQ#kJKGrv_Lx8hhhDTuqQQ4uQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/picc…</a> * Baked egg, polpette, spigarello, shallot, tomato, parmesan ($17) - 4.5 stars pic: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/piccino-san-francisco?select=kJKGrv_Lx8hhhDTuqQQ4uQ#OoWq7zcegh5Bg0cFG-noeA">yelp.com/biz_photos/picc…</a> Really nicely done. The yolk was runny, and the egg whites still maintained a silky, soft texture. The meat underneath was tender, not overcooked at all, and infused in great flavors. The bread on the side were a little over-toasted and hard, but that wasn't a huge deal.  

                What a great locals spot for us!    We went for dinner last halloween and recently went back for lunch - everything is delicious and the restaurant itself is so warm and cozy .. just overall 5 stars.  Relaxed feel with delicious homey food.  Favorites: -bianca (white) pizza - Salsiccia pizza  - pork and beef polpette - the sauce is AMAZING, you will lick the plate dry  For brunch they have a polpette served with an egg on top - the meat was served in a dish in a more "patty" like style with the egg on top  - this was even more phenomenal than the dinner course that's just the meatballs in the sauce.  So happy we gave this place another try after we had the funghi pizza years ago at their old location.  It's a bit funky and not your usual mushroom pizza.. but everything really is great at this local gem!  

                Recently discovered this little gem in the Dogpatch and I've already been here three times since. The interior is beautiful. It's a relatively small place so the seating can be a little packed on the edges but the food was divine!  And the service was incredible as well.  

                Golly Moses, has it really been 7-1/2 years since my first and last visit to Piccino? Back then, it was on the adjacent corner of 22nd Street and Tennessee where the Lab is now (...which by the way, sounds like quite an intriguing concept). It was a tiny cafe space where I recall that Jamie W. and I sat on a tiny table out on the sidewalk to split a pizza and a pasta dish. We had no idea they moved to the big yellow house on the other corner at Minnesota in an enclave with a women's clothing store and a wine shop right across from the new playground (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1BXoSx4&s=f8f8c6dc6b90e16db7597e4395fc77bdafac22cc6f5bac231f38a7d20d9c95e1" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1BXoSx4</a>). Such a nice space, very open, very Californian with a counter surrounding an open kitchen and large communal tables in the middle (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F15sb4wc&s=ac50d32d6d553462a626bb72e5b6ab9eb667fd9890bedbec2c1179dcda0b7e27" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/15sb4wc</a>).  It's become quite a dining destination in Dogpatch, which is why another couple had suggested it for a dinner meet-up. You can still sit outside, but it was butt-cold that evening so fuggedaboutit. We were seated on a banquette next to a metal divider that made maneuvering out of it tricky. The server was the model of self-control expressing her enthusiasm for the dishes in a very measured fashion. I decided to start with the $14 Winter Citrus Salad with Fennel, Dandelion, Aged Goat Cheese and a Sherry Vinaigrette, which was a refreshing mix dominated by grapefruit slices though somewhat overpriced for the portion which was inexplicably scooted to one side of the plate as if it was on its way to the floor (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1B53lxa&s=6df47155668e021bfe0af07a545101717e81d21ea6ac8f7744dbe9b58fc8606a" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1B53lxa</a>).  Somebody was in a hurry. One of my dining companions and I ordered the same entree, a special that night, the $27 Roasted Riverdog Farm Chicken Breast, sliced in four pieces, sitting atop a Parmesan Risotto mixed with more Grapefruit, Warmed Radicchio and a Green Garlic Salsa Verde (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1CoL9To&s=20d0a1258f61fa5fb2825e55e9241a82479d2aacc217328fdd996e37ba52f6d8" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1CoL9To</a>). That was an inventive dish, savory and succulent for white meat with the sweetness of the grapefruit providing a welcome balance. Jamie decided on the more reasonably priced $18 Pappardelle Bolognese with Oregano, which definitely had a meaty, earthy sauce you would expect but a bit hamstrung by the limpness of the pasta noodles (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F15zndQl&s=b5871c9b945bc47372ee6b01b8127ab6a5c7f101571ae5295fad83cd48ed554e" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/15zndQl</a>). No paisan was harmed in the making of that dish.  Even Lidia Bastianich would have crinkled her ample forehead at such a wet texture. Our other dining companion went back to basics and ordered the $17 Funghi Pizze with Roasted Mushroom, Stracchino and Shaved Garlic (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1tbeE9d&s=b330c6ab3ee570c8e5a438ea5accf707231c862658fcb1127704f7d589bb1cac" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1tbeE9d</a>). I have to say the pizza is still the most satisfying item in their repertoire - crunchy, thin crust with flavorful toppings that don't overwhelm. She also ordered the $8 side of Sauteed Greens with Chili and Garlic. Simple goodness. Jamie had a side of his own, the $8 Fried Brussel Sprouts with Charred Leeks and Garum Vinaigrette, but he looked like he barely got any since the busman was hovering incessantly grabbing dishes as if the five-second rule applied to his job.  It was a major ding if you ask me. Our other complaint was the $3 surcharge for a shared bread roll which calculated to sixty-cents a slice. Not a dining phenomenon unique to Piccino, but I hate it as it's worse than not getting the complementary water glass. Dessert pacified us as we shared three of them, and there was no grapefruit to be found. There was the old-fashioned $10 Peppermint Stix Ice Cream with Shortbread, Marshmallow and Dark Chocolate (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1urO9aW&s=a9c38bb361a4e5fe88dfc0a3443f48fbb14c31bdc52b84c6df4baba425904c36" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1urO9aW</a>), which I thought was akin to a parlor treat sundae without the gloopiness of a sauce. Then there was the $9 Spiced Ginger Bread Pudding with Salted Caramel, Streusel and Crema (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1GOBx8Q&s=e8c82a0e037759bd6656ea1bb04a684ad6f3419a6ea19274471cce5e4f08ac05" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1GOBx8Q</a>).  That was a no-brain winner since it was a variation of the spiced ginger cake classic at Chow. Lastly, there was the $8 Zeppole with Vanilla Bean Crema, Meyer Lemon Curd and Huckleberry - five donut spheres, very lightly fried and powdered with fine sugar. They cleverly made the curd and crema look like a fried egg on the side (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1xPNu4t&s=6f0abe819d0c84ff4204602375833e8e92d37e0aeeff5c463718f5625d3ae87d" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1xPNu4t</a>). Rounding out the meal was a $6 bottle of a 2013 De Forville Barbera d'Alba, which had a deep cherry flavor with a silky finish (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1EFGFqT&s=9273aa3600953caaf57c9e0b117c66f3a23d3d6f0b546dd9f5b96cefc3e9c658" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1EFGFqT</a>). Piccino feels all grown up now like it's ready for its first prom worried it has to go to third base with its customers. I've got unnerving news for you, Piccino... I expect a homer.    FOOD - 4 stars...delicious neo-Italian fare with a few flaws, nothing irreparable though...pizza still heads the menu AMBIANCE - 4 stars....welcoming open space is a major improvement over the corner cafe they had years ago SERVICE - 3 stars...needs work, we didn't feel that special...and where did those Brussel sprout go? TOTAL - 4 stars...Dogpatch dining went up another notch in a big yellow house  

                What a charming, cozy, sophisticated cafe. Dogpatch isn't where most of us would think of heading for a delightful, airy, setting straight out of Umbria, but turn onto a hidden, dead-end block of Minnesota Street and there it is.  My wife and I met our daughter there for dinner the other night and sat at the counter surrounding the open kitchen. We started off sharing an amazing mushroom pizza. Each of us had a salad then a pasta for dinner all of which were as fresh as could be, and showcased bright flavors. There is nothing that I can say that is too extravagant for the quality of this simple Italian perfection.  My only caveat, and it's not enough to ding a star from the rating, but a caution, is that hostess station is very friendly, but kind of chaotic. We ended up sitting about an hour after was estimated, and then we finally sat due to us keeping an eye on the situation. The upside is that they have a nice wine list to sample while you wait.   But, go. It's more than worth the trek to Dogpatch.  

                A group of us girls dined here for brunch recently. At 11am when the restaurant opened, there was a steady line out the door - good thing we had reservations!  The space is open, airy, and much more roomy than it looks like from the outside - it can also accommodate large parties (there was a 10+ person baby shower table just behind us).  Now, first things first - if you're a breakfast food type of eater at brunch (like me) - this may not be the most ideal place for you. There were precisely two egg options on the menu, and no traditional breakfast items like pancakes, french toast, etc.  If you're open to eating pizza for breakfast - you will love Piccino. The wide variety of thin crust pizzas (you can opt to put an egg on top), looked delicious.  Our table started out with basket of warm pastries, which was delicious! Mixed with a scone, popover, and bread - definitely a great "breakfast" item. We were also eyeing the zeppole, but the server kindly informed us they were not able to make that dish that day.  For my main entree, I chose to go with one of the egg dishes - namely, the soft scrambled egg with brassicas and a horseradish cream fraiche. The dish was very refined, and the sauce definitely played a major role in flavor.   I do have to say that for the $16 price tag, the portion size was a bit small. Had it come with a slice of toast or complimenting item, that might've alleviated my portion size distress.  Overall, everyone at the table enjoyed their dishes. Others also felt the portions were a bit limited. The server also mentioned that the pizzas were "mini" and made for one, and then proceeded to upsell an additional salad - definitely unecessary. The pizza is more than adequate for two people.  

                I found the hostess' snootiness to be irksome, & the wait time for our dishes interminable. Unexpectedly, the meal took up a considerable chunk of our Sunday afternoon; however, our waitress' joyful energy was the bright spot in this servicing issue.   My brunch partner enjoyed the sauce & the sweet, caramelized carrots in his pork hash. Shredded pork looked juicy, but the first bite proved looks can be deceiving.   We shared the yelp-highlighted Funghi pizza, which was abundant in a variety of mushrooms & had perfect amounts of cresenza cheese & roasted garlic. Crust is paper-thin, more like a cracker than doughy pizza crust. It's simply amazing. Five stars.   I couldn't decide between a cuppa celery root soup (with lemon cream & crispy leeks) and granola w/ milk, honey, kiwi slices, & pomegranate seeds, so I ordered both (fear not for my waistline, I didn't actually finish both!) Again, each dish was phenomenal. 4.5 stars.   Four overall stars in spite of 2-star service because delicious food rules all, & Piccino serves delicious food, albeit rather slowly.  

                Seriously can't wait to try this place again!  I loved the decor and classy yet casual ambiance. My server was super sweet and very knowledgeable about the menu. The menu is not too big which for me says they focus on doing a few things perfectly instead of too many things just mediocre.   Started with the butternut squash soup. Warm rich thick and creamy. Loved the hazel nuts and olive oil. Really awesome flavor.    I ordered the pasta. Perfect portion with amazingly rich flavor. Noodles were not over cooked at all. Garlic and shaved cheese. I cannot complain.   Dessert was good. I had the cookie ice cream sandwhich. The ice cream was interesting and the sweetness was subtle.   Beautiful presentation for all dishes. Planning on having a brunch there with my girls! I really want to try their mushroom pizza! It looks delish!  

                I came here after reading Cherylynn N.'s review, she is my fave yelper to date! So go read her reviews if your feeling down, since they never fail to make me laugh and are informative as well.   Dinner for 2 on a weekend night, my friend and I ended up sitting at the bar since we didn't want to sit at the communal table.  Easy parking right in front of the restaurant!   I love the interior of this restaurant, wooden rustic tables, purse hooks, chairs, pumpkins for fall. I almost always will choose to sit at the bar if I have a choice, because I love watching the process of how they make the food.  The kitchen here is very clean and sparkly.   We ordered the funghi pizza, polpette ( meatballs), goat cheese and nectarine compote appetizer, and the chocolate cremeux for dessert.   I love mushrooms so I knew we had to order this pizza, every bite had mushroom in it, and since the crust was the perfect density and size it absorbed all the delicious mushroom and cheese flavor.  I wish they gave more nectarine compote with the appetizer because I ended up with alot of extra goat cheese and not enough crackers or compote.   The polpette was so tender, and fell apart in my mouth, I usually don't like meatballs, but I saw several people had ordered them so decided to try them as well, I was not disappointed.   The chocolate cremeux was the perfect way to top off our meal, not too sweet, and a fantastic chocolate crust on the bottom.  My friend's iced coffee was one of the best iced coffees I've ever had, it had a strong, robust, coffee flavor, with the tiniest hint of bitterness.  They took time to make this coffee instead of just pouring hot coffee over ice, which I know many places do and which disgusts me because than the coffee becomes all watery and gross.   You must come here if you are ever in the Dogpatch area and are the slightest bit hungry, it would be a waste not to.  

                Thanks to Cherylynn N., Piccino has become my FAVORITE place for gourmet pizza!  Came here with the boyfriend on a Saturday afternoon right around lunchtime, and to our surprise- there was no wait to get a table. Easy parking, and no wait to be seated, SCORE!  W O O D  O N  W O O D  O N  W O O D (like: racks on racks on racks) The ambiance, and decor was very SF and I loved it! Wooden tables, wooden flooring, wooden legs on chairs, wood everywhere (that's what she said)!! It was just beautiful, and felt very inviting (hehehehe....)!  P I Z Z A Based on the highlights, the boyfriend and I ordered the Salsiccia- house made sausage, mozzarella, red onion. It was good, but the Melanzana- eggplant, marinated bell pepper, goat cheese, chili was even better. Yes, I said it. The pizza with the vegetables was better than the one with the meat! It was bursting with flavor, and was the type of pizza where you wished never ended. Yeah, it was that good! :)   C O N C L U S I O N Easy parking, no wait, awesome service, and oh so delicious pizza, what's not to like about Piccino! So, the next time you're craving gourmet pizza, get your butt to Piccino and order the Melanzana. My mouth is salivating just thinking about how delicious that pizza was, dammit! =P I'll be back for you, pizza!  

                Great breakfast/brunch, even greater pizza! I came here today for brunch and to also try their funghi pizza, it is amazing ! Please do yourself a favor and get one!  Ordered the pulled pork hash, funghi and Salsiccia pizza - all very tasty. I'm a huge sucker for artisan pizza, always the best tasting ones :)  The best part about this place is, tons of parking and no wait - always a plus.  

                Quite a bit off the beaten path, but a lovely location south of SOMA.  Beer and wine only, while beer selection is limited it is high quality.  Wine list is very good.  Nice ambiance and very suitable for quiet conversation (at least in the early evening hours).  Food is competent.  A bit damning with faint praise, but given the choice, I'd place this joint at 2  1/2 stars.  

                Everything on the menu is delicious, however watch the hostess like a hawk!   While my husband was following up with the hostess, he watched her arbitrarily cross our name  off the waitlist even though we were never located more than an earshot away. She did the same thing to a group ahead of us. After she corrected the issue, she went ahead and sat a different 2-person party ahead of us for no apparent reason. None of this appeared to be done with malice, just utter incompetence.  Additionally the hostess was grossly unrealistic with seating times, telling groups "a few minutes" for wait time when several groups ahead had been waiting for 40 min+.   Normally I'm sympathetic to the pressures of this role, however this was the worst experience I ever had with a hostess.   Food and service are great once you sit down... if you ever get the chance.  

                I've been to this place probably about 4-5 times and have always had a good experience.  The food was good, but never anything amazing, and since now I live in the hood it's a great place to drop by.  We used to eat here after open houses and finally can now call this hood home.   That being said, I came here with a girlfriend for dinner.  They were about 20 minutes late to seat us, no apology.  It took about 10 minutes to get water.  The server came by to tell us about the specials and when we asked her about the fish, she said "it's delicious, but I've never had it".  What a strange thing to say about a dish, and btw, she hasn't had any of the other dishes, and didn't know anything about the wine.  She asked another one of the servers to come over to help, and this girl didn't know anything either, so I tasted about 4 wines before picking one that btw, wasn't great but I just got tired.  The food was delivered by someone else, the waitress was never around when we needed her, and didn't pick up on any cues about us not being thrilled with the food or service.  The food:  The squash soups we had were good, but lacked some spice and flavor, they were kinda flat.  We had to ask for pepper. The fish was good, but not anything great.  The gnocchi were awful. First, they were whole wheat, then they were sitting in vinegar based sauce that was watery, acidic and just not appetizing.  The portion was also very small, would have been nice to know that ahead of time.   Just for fun we asked about desserts, but ended up skipping. Yes the waitress hasn't tried any of those either.  On her way to the bathroom my friend found the manager and told her about our experience.  Instead of an apology or maybe covering part of the tab, she said that the staff was not well trained.  Well I think that's her fault, not ours.  Again, complete fail to do anything about our comments.  I don't think I have ever done this, but neither one of us tipped.  

                I burnt more calories trying to cut through my pork chop than I gained eating it. It was like the sole of a shoe.  Don't waste your money and energy here.  

                i like this place for one reason - THERE'S NO WAIT FOR BRUNCH. yes, you heard that right, NO WAIT for brunch.  this is such a rarity in san francisco, it deserves recognition.   now onto the food:  delicious! i want to come back here to try their other dishes. but i ordered a whole pizza, with an egg, all to myself. i couldn't finish it, but it was so good! when i paid for my meal, i accidentally left my doggy bag on the table. i've been regretting it ever since.  i want to come back here for dinner (which i hear is more of a wait)  

                15.01.31          2 visit                         1st at new location  Not sure if I am correct ... They used to on a corner where "LAB" located.  Pretty nice place. Located off the side corner and side street. I made a mistake on thinking ...     Polpette was Pappardelle  Fungi pizza    is good   The topping total covered the pie except the edge   Good strong flavor ...      never could loose on mushroom pizza  Meatball polpette    gotta remember ... it is not pappardelle (pasta)    Pretty good    Beef and pork mixture    Nice seared crust outside         Nice touch ... different ... seared part         Adds more flavor and texture    All meat only dish only with sauce    roughly 2/3 to 1 lb of meat (wild estimate)       I am pushing for 1lb of meat  We preferred the outside seating.   Mild temp   No wind   Noisy inside   Clear skies   Hardly any cars        located on a dead end street        away from main 3rd Street  

                Had a delightful dinner here with my husband and brother.  We all had pasta and thought is was great.  What really stood out was the fresh salads we all started with - it was like the chef just picked everything from the ground - it tasted that fresh.  

                Service is bad. The white lady there is cranky and unhappy serving my party. But the men in yellow, the Mexican servers were sweet and helpful. The dessert menu is unreadable , its a reflection of how pretentious they are. We couldn't seem to order what we want with the menu given, we had to go to yelp for pictures to order. Its a bad menu.  The food came and it surprises us, it was well made and lovely. Even it cost about $10 a plate for desserts, I wouldn't mind paying for their quality. But, my experience there with the servers cost them customers not returning and I guess i wouldn't be the only one who has the same remarks.  

                I went here for brunch this past weekend.  The waitress was really patient with us as my group were having a fun conversation that distracted us from the menu.  When we did finally order, our food came out promptly.  I ordered the french toast, which came with an oat crumble, apples, and almonds.  I thought the portion size was just right, but I wish it was less in price.  The french toast was one slice of bread at $14.  The atmosphere is relaxing, almost cabana style (sorry, I'm not well-versed in interior decorating).  It's a pretty laid-back vibe.  If you're here for brunch and are hungry, I would order a pizza or two of their brunch items.  

                Went here for brunch, the food was great, but the service was horrible.  The place was also completely empty, so you would think the service would be more on point, especially for how much they are charging for brunch.  I had to ask the waiter 3 times for red pepper flakes, because they do not have any type of hot sauce, even though they serve brunch - minus 1 star just for that.  Minus another 2 stars for the waiter coming over to the table and taking my champagne class that still had champagne in it - not even asking if I was done, if we needed anything, or wanted another drink.    This place redeems themselves a little bit since they do take reservations, but still not worth the price and sub-par service.  

                Had brunch here with the bf and got a table easily without reservations on a Saturday.  Note, we arrived at 11:00AM and didn't have any trouble with party either.  We came here a few years ago before the remodeled and became bigger.  I tried the baked brioche french toast, almond oat crumble, roasted stone fruit while my bf got the housemade pork sausage, pistachios, slow cooked egg, squash, & potatoes.  His dish had small portions aka very portion controlled, but I liked the sausage - slightly spicy.  My french toast in sum was SWEET, I didn't mind it, but the sugar just hits you, good texture with the almond oats.  I'd come back to try their pizzas.  This place seems like a good place for brunch for a group.  

                Excellent food Excellent service Excellent consistency   I've been coming to Piccino for the past two years and have been debating whether to leave a review because I don't want this secret to be out. I'm admitting it, it's one of my favourite restaurants in SF, and that doesn't come lightly, my inner Italian would never forgive me for it.  I love its humble name, as I like translating Piccino as "itty bitty", yet nothing about this place is small. Friendly osteria feel with a more refined decor, offering a very well-thought-out menu filled with classics. The food is always delicious and service is just impeccable, they seriously have some of the best wait staff under one roof that I've ever seen.  I've brought picky eaters, as well as vegetarian friends, and everyone loved it just the same. Come with a friend or two and try a little bit of everything. Add a perfectly thin crusted pizza to whatever you're ordering and don't say no to dessert. Two hours will go by before you notice, and you'll already be thinking of what to order next time.  

                The atmosphere is beautiful especially on a warm SF day . We ordered the funghi pizza i love mushrooms so it was great to me , however my husband and kids gave it an ok . The French toast was good and the Carmelized apples made it great . Over all cute place if your in the neighborhood,  but not a must go to.  

                I recently went to Piccino for brunch. I was running late to meet a couple friends and they decided to put an order in for me. I asked them to order the soft scrambled eggs with mushrooms, snap peas, and meyer lemon ricotta. The eggs were beautifully cooked as were the mushroom and peas. It was topped up with delicate greens in a very light vinaigrette. I also had a couple glasses of mimosa (It was the weekend anyway... or as the Brits and French say... "the week-end." Sounds more luxurious when you break up the word.) Anyway, the three of us also shared an order of zeppole with vanilla bean crema, Meyer lemon curd, and huckleberries. The order was for four of these doughnut-like confections. They are dusted with sugar and taste absolutely magical.   Now, because I arrived late, I couldn't be a full judge of service. Overall, it seemed alright. I did notice, however, that our server only addressed one of us at the table every time she came around. That was a little awkward when my friend and I would look at her, but she would only look at our other friend when it came to ordering or other questions. The ambiance: lovely. I love the "modern rustic" (yes, a paradox!) feel of Piccino. It is open, airy, and has plenty of windows for light. The crowd: yuppies in the "emerging" neighborhood of Dogpatch... mostly 30-somethings... some folks chatting about politics, the others gossiping or talking about travel plans. You get the picture.  This is a darling place. Since my good friends live around the corner, I look forward to visiting again!  

                A nice modern neighborhood California Italian restaurant in the hipster San Francisco Dogpatch neighborhood. Pizza is good. Worth eating at if you are nearby, not worthy if you need to drive more than 15 minutes. Service is better than the past. Menu changes a lot. Barbacco is better for pasta.  Picks: Winter citrus salad, fennel, dandelion, aged goat cheese, sherry vinaigrette ($14) decent, bitter greens, fruity accent.  Salsiccia pizza: house made sausage, mozzarella, red onion ($17) soft center, nice crust, slight twang to sausage.  OK: Piccino bread, olive oil ($3) was just ok. Buy some Acme and don't charge. Olive Oil tasted of quality.  Pans: Strozzapreti, roasted brassicas, garlic crema, aged goats cheese, chili ($15) sour sauce made this weird. Overdone veggies.  Overall - Good Food - Good Decor - Very Good Service - Good Value - Good  Would we come back - Maybe  

                Food was good, but the service was worse than that of fast food chains. I would never go back, and agree with other Yelpers that this place doesn't even deserve a single star.   It took nearly 40 minutes before our soup was served, and it was a Tuesday afternoon after 1pm. Our server did not know the meaning of customer service. She only stopped by the table twice: once after we were seated for 10 minutes with heads turned trying to flag down a person to order; the second time inquiring if we finished our food (this is when we were still actively eating our pizza with 2 slices still on the table!). Never once did anyone came by to give a status update on our food order. We waited 40 minutes for squash soup, and then wasted another 30 minutes for meatball and pizza. Stay away from Piccino unless you have plenty of time to kill and don't mind waiting on the lazy and clueless server.  

                Came here for a birthday lunch - wife + son (4). It was *okay* but didn't blow my socks off and I'm struggling to put my finger on why.  Location is great - good parking (Black Friday so plenty of space) and a park across the road for my son to play in after a meal.   Son had french toast - loved it. Apples on the side were yummy - just the right texture.  Wife had scrambled eggs + dungeness crab. She said it was enjoyable.  I had a baked eggs + polpette. It was fine. Nothing amazing, nothing terrible.  It all just felt a tad pretentious for what it is - a good solid cafe with enjoyable food. The waiter was pleasant but seemed a bit put off by our lack of drink ordering (wine list being relatively extensive). I also found it a bit odd that he "presumed" we didn't want dessert and brought us our bill.    Would I go again? No. Love the area but a bit of a dime a dozen cafe with the quality of the service.  

                Back in July, as I was prepping to begin a 2 month-long vegan dietary lifestyle, I looked up the "internet" for best pizza places in San Francisco... Piccino's was high up in the list and surely it did live up to that ranking! The pizza was really well made, right from the crust, which wasn't all  doughy or too thick, it was the right amount of thickness, well baked, not too chewy. We shared a couple of pizzas between the 5 of us and some antipasti.. The toppings on the pizza were fresh, went really well with each other. The pizza wasn't too cheesy, not too saucy either. They have a good selection of wines. I dont remember what red wines my friend ordered but know this... the two bottles were long finished before we finished our meals.  

                I love to go here before and after climbing. The drinks are always well made (nice cappuccinos and well-made pour overs). The pastries have been pretty consistently lackluster. Can get really crowded and a little loud, as it's very small (seating at the tables maxes out at ~8)  

                I am a Graduate student whose campus is near this restaurant, with very few other restaurants to choose from in the area.  I have tried to patronize this business several times in the last year, and every time I order food, they have been extremely rude, non customer-service oriented, and unpleasant.  They hardly ever answer the phone to place to-go orders, are extremely difficult when you want condiments for your pizza, and refuse to assist you with a smile.    I ordered a pizza to go - and they took my order and then hung up on me without so much as a "goodbye". They said 15-20 mins - so I came back in 20 minutes and it seemed as though my pizza had been sitting there for 10 mins because it was cold by the time I walked ONE block back to campus...  As the other reviews state - SERVICE IS HORRIBLE HERE!!  Unless you are DESPERATE for food - I would not recommend them or their service!  If you want REAL Italian food in the Dogpatch, go to Marcella's on the corner of 22nd and Tennessee. They have EXCELLENT SERVICE and real Italian food - homemade pastas, etc.  The owner and his son are from Italy and treat you with sincere compassion and gratefulness for being a customer. I have NEVER been disappointed!  

                We chanced upon it during a stroll through Dogpatch and I'm glad we did. Being just slightly hungry we shared the Strozzapretti with a delectable cream sauce. Highly recommended and I can't wait to try more pasta here.   BTW I didn't care for the ambience, which is a bit 70's-slash-cafeteria-esque, but the wait staff was friendly and knowledgable.  

                Twice in one day? It must be pretty good.  When searching for wine bars open in the middle of the day in the Dogpatch, options are kinda slim. Piccino's kitchen closes between 3-5 pm but you are able to sit outside and enjoy a drink, along with a few small bites on the limited menu.  A carafe of rosé and a delicious goat cheese/strawberry compote/zucchini bread small plate later, my gal pal and I were ready for real food! And more wine.   We wandered down to Smokestack for a drink, then tried to visit Yield, but their kitchen staff wasn't ready yet.  Back to Piccino. This time for dinner and a bottle of Italian red. We left full of pizza and slightly purple mouthed, but very satisfied.  It's a bit pricey, but quality more than makes up for it. Great date night spot or for an early evening meal.  

                Worst experience ever.  My friend & I had a reservation as she just moved to Dog Patch and wanted to check out the restaurant. BIG MISTAKE.  The waitress came by after 10 or so minutes to offer us water...finally. Then, we asked for her recommendations. She told us that one entrée was just delicious... And then told us she's never had it before. That was just the beginning.  My friend asked for a particular varietal of wine recommendation. The waitress brought over another waitress to help figure this out. I suggested maybe you could let my friend taste some wines? They were like okay... And they brought over two wines, however they only had one glass. I gave them my wine glass so my friend could taste the wine. Again this is just the beginning.  Dinner started and we both had soup to start. My friend didn't like her soup and I was looking for flavor, so wanted pepper. We had to ask the wait staff to help us get some pepper. This is just ridiculous service.  For some reason we weren't getting the message about how terrible the food and the service were. It came time for dessert. We're at Italian restaurant so we figured the dessert has to be good. There was this item on the menu called pink squirrel... And we were curious to what is a pink squirrel. Shouldn't they just call it strawberry or something what is pink squirrel? We asked the waitress and once again her ability to describe the food was sub optimal. She said it was "some vodka infused dessert".  At this point I have never gone out to seek the manager at a restaurant but this was too awful. After telling the manager of this lovely story, she seemed to be much more concerned with who it was on the team as opposed to customer service; she was also not listening that her staff had never tried the food so how can they serve it or recommend it well?! We both left clearly no tip. The manager didn't even say goodbye or sorry about the service. Wow.   AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE.  We only can hope a better place comes to Dogpatch soon to replace this one.  Ciao.  

                So many delicious dishes, though a couple of misses. Loved loved the tagliatelle in a light creamy sauce with sweet and spicy notes (mint, fig, chili). The funghi pizza is for mushroom lovers! A puréed mushroom sauce with mushrooms and just a hint if cheese (wish there was more cheese actually, but still tasty). The meatballs were also very tasty but slightly overcooked on the outside - but the flavorful chunky tomato sauce made you forget about the burnt edges. I wasn't a huge fan of the picked vegetables. The waiter had praised the tomato salad but there were only about 4 tomato slices. Disappointing. Desserts were decent - ice cream sandwich and a deconstructed peach cobbler. We ordered all of that for 5 people. Didn't leave stuffed so you get a sense of the small portions. Very beautiful restaurant and delightful service.  

                Came by Piccino Coffe bar after brunch at Serpentine down the street. Dogpatch is an up and coming area of SF that is still quite industrial today.  Experience here was decent. Apparently they use Blue bottle coffee? Service was friendly by the staff and the mocha was perfectly crafted. ...not too sweet...just the way that I like it ! There was also plenty of foam! :)  ~$4.75 for a mocha.  

                Made reservations for 11:30am on a Saturday which was a perfect time before the traffic jam began.   Great atmosphere and very hipster decor. Don't get the entrances confused - there's an entrance for the bakery then a side entrance to their dining. Love restaurants with open kitchens! I feel better about eating the food that comes out.  The menu is light and pricey. I honestly could not pronounce most of the things on the menu! A gentle question of "have you've been here before?" would've been nice with a little explanation of the items on their menu.    Love love their asparagus with avocado (pictured). Their Saliccia and Funghi pizza was delicious - more so the Saliccia because if the homemade sausage. The egg, however, did not add any special texture or taste to it. Although their egg was perfectly cooked (yay!!), it was a waste to add it to the pizza.   Parking is street parking which becomes more challenging to find throughout the day.  

                Dinner and the City.  After all the eating (so many restaurants so little time) and shopping (so many stores not so much money) during our week long trip, I was thankful my brother chose a place that was casual and nearby his apartment.    SETTING:  The restaurant is simply decorated, yet exudes elegance and warmth.  Welcoming atmosphere and open area.  Loved the wood furnishings.    NOTE:  Street parking readily available.  FOOD: 1.  Marinated Olives:  Decent portion.  Enough for the table to share, but could easily be for just 1 individual.  2.  Baby Lettuces:  Simple salad.  It was ok.  We meant to share this among the 3 of us, but this is definitely a portion for just 1 person; possibly 2 could share this dish.  3.  Salsiccia Pizza: house made sausage, mozzarella, red onion.  My favorite pizza that we ordered.  Actually, my mom and brother loved it too.  It was gone before we knew it and we were still hungry.  Simple yet tremendously satisfying.  4.  Margherita Pizza:  tomato, mozzarella, fresh oregano.  With our hunger not yet satisfied, so we decided to order this 2nd pizza.  For me, it was just okay.  I preferred the Salsiccia Pizza quite honestly.    Since my mom and I had to wake up early the next morning, we decided to forgo dessert altogether.  The 3 of us enjoyed our drinks, laughed, talked, and just enjoyed the company of one another before calling it a night.  SERVICE:  Very attentive and satisfactory.  Our server was friendly and patiently answered all our questions concerning the menu and drink selections.  He always made sure to check on us throughout our meal, and we appreciated he let us take our time before departing the restaurant.  BOTTOM LINE:  A simple yet appetizing last meal in San Francisco.  

                Consistently fantastic the food, servers & atmosphere! I've had brunch & lunch here & both are great! Their pizzas are awesome if you like crispy crunch crust & amazing toppings!  

                I've only been here for coffee and ginger snaps, but both were tasty :) Really cute location and friendly staff.  

