                I have a client who's about 5 minutes away, so I typically order online for our team. SUPER convenient, and food is ready in 20 minutes! I've walked in to pick up the food, and the lines always look insane.  I love the number of options available. It's like Chipotle, just with pizza! For $8, I'm always satisfied, which includes me not being able to finish my food. Crust is thin, like super thin, which is my faveeeee. I do wish they were a bit more generous with the toppings, but usually it's just barely enough to get all the flavors in each bite.  Overall, I'd highly recommend this place! If you're gonna go during peak lunch or dinner times, be ready to spend quite some time finding parking as well as waiting in line to order your own custom creation. But rest assured, you won't be disappointed :)  

                Chipotle meets pizza. Easy to use online ordering. Lines ebb and flow at brick and mortar store, so be forewarned.   Permutations of ingredients are seemingly endless, so dig in.  

                The staff was super friendly and funny! All the ingredients are fresh and the pizzas are a good portion for the price! I will be back :)  P.s they should be allowed to get tips!! They are too awesome :D  

                I've been looking forward to trying Pieology Pizzeria and I finally did. Same concept as Chipotle. Create your own pizza. You can add as many toppings as you want with no extra charge.   was a bit disappointed on how stingy they were with the toppings. On my buffalo chicken pizza had very little chicken. I asked for olives and got a few pieces. To make matters worse. The cheese and toppings weren't spread out evenly on my pie. Which meant that some slices had more than the others. By not spreading out the toppings leaves your pie with about an inch or more of crust.  Now, I don't know if its like this at this location or all. Maybe it was the employees or I just came in at the wrong day and time. Next time I'll try a different Pieology Pizzeria.  

                Customizable pizzas w/ unlimited toppings? YES. It's kind of like a pizza version of subway. You completely make your own pizza or you chose one of the pizza options they already have and customize it if you wanna add other toppings or change/take things out. It's a great concept because everyone has their own taste for pizza and the combinations are endless. The staff is friendly, so even though the pizza takes a little long for it to come out, you can't get too frustrated haha. It's definitely worth it. They even have a gluten free crust option!   I went with the smokin' buffalo chicken. I always choose the spicy option if a place has it, but this pizza was a little spicier than I thought.... Had to be drinking so much water LOL but it was still tasty and I'd probably get the same thing next time.  

                It's a 3.5 Cool and great concept: Make your own pizza with an unlimited amount of toppings! Fun and tastes great, with a crunchy crust!  Very noisy. Good for lunches  

                Having been to 3 other locations now, I am loving Pieology more and more. However, I've waited the longest at this location during the Saturday dinner rush. It took around 40 minutes until we finished putting in our order. What!?!  Luckily, it only takes 10 minutes or less before our pizza is ready to eat. $7.95 to get as many toppings as you want = awesome!  Knocking a star off for the horrible wait time in line. Otherwise, the food is delicious!  

                A TOTAL VALUE! Surprisingly, Pieology puts out a pretty good thin crust, customizable, 11.5" personal size pizza.  With a good combination of fresh ingredients, the flavorful results are primarily due to its "designer", and for $7.95, it's a bargain!  One may choose from 3 crust varieties:  house-made, whole wheat & gluten free ($2 extra).  With Pieology's migration from Southern California to Northern California, and to this location over 2 years ago, I wonder why my review comes now, especially after several visits.  After tying a number of highly acclaimed pizza establishments, I've come to the conclusion that yes, they are very good; if one wants good pizza, plus a good value, try Pieology.  Because I prefer it simple, the perfect "design" for me, consists of:  olive oil, tomatoes, mushrooms, fresh basil and ham; extra of everything, please!  Motto:  "INSPIRED PIZZA" 1) Select your sauce:  red, 3-cheese Alfredo, herb butter, olive oil, fiery buffalo and pesto BBQ.  2) Choose your: ~cheeses:  mozzarella, ricotta, parmesan, feta, gorgonzola and Daiya Mozzarella (vegan add $2) ~meats:  pepperoni, sausage, meatball, all-natural chicken (regular & spicy), ham and bacon  3) Stack your toppings:  black olives, mushrooms, red onions, green peppers, artichokes, tomatoes, garlic, pineapple, jalapeños, corn, kalamata olives, fresh cilantro, spinach, banana peppers and fresh basil  If one is inclined to give up some "designer's control", choose one of Pieology's creations from their Pieologist's Favorites list.  Once your "design" is complete, off to the brick oven it goes (gas powered of course).  Pay, take your number and find a table.  Your thin crust pizza will soon be delivered with its nice crispy crust.  Although it is a personal size pizza, I always manage to have my fill with a little extra to take home.  For those who prefer a gluten free crust, that option is available for an extra $2.  Pieology warns that if you have celiac disease or high sensitivities to gluten, one should exercise caution, as they can be cross-contaminated in the kitchen with their regular dough and during the baking process.  They also offer a Vegan cheese selection for a $2 charge.  The lines here can get quite long.  I've concluded that if one is trailing someone who is adding everything but the kitchen sink to their pizza or that they are indecisive with their toppings, that could cause a delay in the line.  Lastly, a nice option to enhance your creation is to add an "after bake".  As it implies, add an ingredient after the baking process.  For my next visit, I'll try a fresh basil after bake, as I can never have too much basil on my pizza!  Buon Appetito!  

                Tried here for the very first time and it was not bad. Think of it as the Chipotle of pizza places. You get to customize your own personal pizza (or choose one of their premade options) with unlimited toppings. They have a whole bunch of things to choose from with a variety of sauces and cheeses on top of everything else. I was planning on going simple with my standard pairing of jalapeño and pineapple with chicken for protein but nope!  Got super excited and loaded up thinking it was not going to be all that much. The crust is thin too so my toppings were sliding off as I picked up each slice and are it. Otherwise really tasty.  I was only able to finish half of it and boxed the rest home. Half boxes are available next to the cash register so you can just help yourself.   We also tried the herb butter sticks and they were ok. The herb butter sauce is applied to one whole pizza dough so it basically getting another pizza. I was not expecting that. I do not think I will be getting it again.  

                LOVE THIS PLACE! It's right next to where I work so it's a really convenient place to go for lunch. First off, the service is great. Very friendly people and you just feel good as your order.  As for the pizza: I love the thin crust and how they cook it right in front you. Having the ability to tailor your pizza to whatever your heart desires is great! I'm definitely coming back here  

                Here at pieology the customer was great the staff with warm and friendly welcoming and always with a smile. The on site manager Cody was very hospitable and apologetic for  running out of certain toppings but accommodate us with a free pizza for the next time. A small gesture like this goes a long way  this has been our third trip here in two weeks and not just for the food but for the great customer service if I may mention by name ,thank you Kyle, Jeremiah, and Ty as well you all make a difference in your establishment ...oh not to mention we come from south San Jose just for your warm welcoming, thank you once again from appreciated customers  

                Pieology makes my kind of pizza because it's made on a very thin crust. You can choose from a regular pie or wheat. I picked the wheat, the healthier choice. Then I added three types of cheese: mozzarella, ricotta & parmesan. YUM! Then I had some olives, basil, pineapples and whatever your heart desired. Then you go to the meat section and you can choose from pepperoni, sausage, meatballs, bacon, chicken, etc. Then they bake it and bring it out to you fresh and piping hot. The quality and toppings of the pizza are really great. The service however, such as the FEMALE who was putting on the sauce, had a terrible attitude. Other than that, my experience was awesome and I would come back if I'm in the area.  

                Yum! I call this place Chipotle but pizza style. And...omgAH, chipotle is my lyfe. Haha, sorry. Anyway, I wasn't disappointed coming here. It was quick and efficient. The dough was cooked crispy and not overdone. There was a wide variety of toppings and meats. They were generous with their servings too.  As an Asian, I can say Asians probably go crazy over making your own pizza. A little of each topping and some of each meat? Sure why not.  Everything was fresh and the workers were young (aka talking amongst themselves and not really paying attention sometimes) but nice.   It literally looked like a chipotle, even the logo.  Maybe they should combine and become...chipology. Pieotle. Burrizza. Pizzito. Ok, I'll stop.  

                Wanted to try Pieology after becoming a fan of Blaze in Fremont.  I was very pleased with Pieology.  Their crust seemed a bit thinner than Blaze, but they also seemed a bit larger too.  This place can get busy, but the line moves fairly well.  We selected all our toppings, which I really like.    The pizzas were cooked properly and were very tasty.  I'd definitely come back here again.  Just know that there are a lot of stores and restaurants in this complex, so parking is a challenge.  

                Several of my friends recommended me this place. I wasn't sure because I always thought that this was just some typical pizza. Nope, I was wrong. It's really great here and I love it! Been here only two times, but don't worry I'll be back again.  First visit, walked in and it felt so cozy and nice. I liked the wall with all the inspirational quotes. Also, how friendly the customer service is. I like how you just sit down and they come to you with the pizza. That's so much better rather than standing there and waiting at the front.  It's very organized from both the experience I've went. I just love it here now and every time I am around the area, it's definitely a must for me now! The serving is perfect for two if you don't each much too.  

                I think if Chipotle and Pizza My Heart had a baby, they'd name it Pieology.  This is pizza done chipotle assembly line style.  1) Stand in line and pick your sauces (try one, two, or all three, Mmmm!) 2) Pick a cheese or some cheese (or all cheese like me) 3) Pick your veggie toppings (don't go crazy here like I did, but I recommend garlic, tons of garlic. Goal here should be enough garlic to scare your date away) 4) Pick your meats (you better put some bacon on that thing) 5) Pick your after toppings (ie, red pepper, pesto sauce, etc) and pay  Word of Advice:  Don't be a pieology noob like me.  Don't go asking for all your favorite toppings on one pizza.  You'll have a Smörgåsbord of a pizza, but that don't mean it'll taste good.  Some toppings just don't compliment each other well.    Be careful too.  Too many toppings will make a soggy pizza center.  =(  I liked the crust.  It wasn't the best thin crust I've had, but nevertheless, I found myself eating the whole slice and not leaving the crust behind like I usually do.  These pizzas have one of the thinnest crusts that I've ever seen (which allows for fast cooking time), but it's not the crispiest I've ever had.  The edges were super thin and crispy, but the middle was pretty soggy and saggy.  Sad pizza face there.  Even so, with all said and done, my concoction of different toppings still made for a pretty tasty pizza and for only $8 bucks?  Well worth it in my opinion.  As Arnie says, "I'll be back."  

                When this place first opened, I used to come almost once a week with my coworkers. We all loved the place. 5 stars!  However, since this place has gotten more and more popular, the quality of their pizza has gone down. They now consistently burn your crusts and do not clean their oven during the lunchtime rush, so we always get black crumbs on the bottom of our pizza (dirty oven) and blackened crust (overcooked). We will not come back to this place until they correct these issues.  

                Love this place. I had heard so much about it, wanted to try it, eventually ate it.....and the hype was real.   I decided to write this review after coming here so many times because I am in awe that they finally decided to offer wheat crust. I ordered it tonight for the 1st time, and it was absolutely amazing. There was a gentleman in a blue shirt (manager?) who helped deliver the pizza pies, since it was busy. He even distributed napkins. I was tempted to ask him to top off my water cup, while he was at it...lol. But I didn't cause, that would be such a dick move on my part. ;)  The only suggestion I have would be to make the pizzas more on the crispy side. When I ate it, seemed like there was a lot of liquid & it was dripping all over the place!   Overall, the employees are always chipper and friendly. They provide decent coverage with the toppings. The dipping sauces are excellent - love pesto and red sauce. For $7.95 per custom pizza, you can't go wrong.  

                One price and unlimited toppings!  Everytime we go, we each get our own pizza just the way we like it.  The pizza is a pretty good size and I can never finish all of mine.  The crust is thin and crispy.  They have a good amount of choices for toppings.  Their system for ordering is pretty efficient.  You tell the cashier how many pizzas you ordered and they give you a number.  Someone comes and brings the pizzas to your table.  The line can get extremely long.  One time I remember waiting in line for about an hour on a Saturday at dinner time.  Try coming at an off time, either before lunch or early dinner.  P.S.  This place is way better than MOD Pizza.  Pizza crust tastes better and their system for ordering is more efficient.  

                Oh, Pieology! I really \wanted to love you... but I guess we can only be acquaintances.  Pizza - For a custom pizza at $7.95, it is really great value. Get a pizza with herb butter and marinara then let them sprinkle on as many toppings as you want! It really is the Chipotle of pizzas or the Pluto's of salads. However, I didn't think the quality of the ingredients was cutting it for me and that's why I have to give three stars. Yes, the price is great, but the quality reflects that for me.  Ambience - Clean and sleek design. There is a far amount of seating but it gets filled up quickly so plan your visit here accordingly!  I am willing to come here again and give it another try, but I won't be back anytime soon.  

                I love pizza! I really do-ooo...  Pieology, like every other pieology is a subway for pizza. You order what you want on your pizza and they make it simple as that!  You cannot really go wrong with pizza built to your liking!  The pizza here is good. Shredded bacon seemed to be clumped instead of scattered, the pepperoni nicely cooked adnd the chicken is juicy.   The only con about pieology is how bad their wheat breading is. Super gross and it just doesn't taste... like wheat.  Came here to pick up an order, due to the lunch rush... my co-worker and I did not have time to wait and eat there... Even with pre-ordering online, the workers still took their sweet ole time getting our pizza out of the oven and into the boxes. The company I work is a good 10-15 minutes awat and shocked at how long it took them, this time does not include the amount of time to find parking (7ish) during the lunch rush. Roughly 20 minutes later, we finally got our pizza. The workers here are slooooow, slowpoke slow.  The only con would be the slowpokes working here, the wheat breading. Other than that, nice little fast pizza place for you to enjoy. Definitely not a place you would go for dinner, but a nice lunch feast.  

                Cheap. Really good and endless toppings!!!   Dunno how they make money but for what you get for what you pay...TWO THUMBS UP.  

                Overall I'm pretty satisfied with this place. I like the idea of having a pizza made just the way I like it and, in the end, since it's a flat price no matter what toppings you put on it, you can go all out and just say put everything! Word of advice is, if you decided to go there for lunch during the weekdays, go a little earlier than noon. This place gets packed really quickly and if you get there anytime past noon you're going to be waiting in a pretty long line. My only gripe with this place is that once in awhile the person in charge of the oven will leave pizzas in there for too long and really burn the crust.  

                The last couple of visits have forced me to write an update.    This place has slipped since it first opened.  They are inconsistent with the pizza assembly line.  One day you get too much food, and the next day the little toppings barely cover the dough, and the latter seems more common.  They used to keep the toppings nice and neat, and separate from one another in their individual containers.  But now I see a disheveled array of ingredients on the counter.  There would be empty containers but they don't refill them in a timely fashion and yet there is still a line of customers.  In one case, I saw more onions in the basil bin than basil.  When I ask for basil, I don't want it pre-mixed with onions or anything else for the matter.  (I hate onions.)  On another visit, they served me a burnt pie.  Since someone is supposed to be watching the oven the whole time, it's confusing to me that burning can happen.    It is definitely time for them to retrain their staff and review their quality control.  I'm not keen on returning until they clean things up and get back to a more consistent service and food.  

                A vegetarian's review.  We quickly drove here yesterday since it was the closest pizza place to home. Also because I'd seen a large crowd here the last time I'd been to the Chipotle next door. So in we walked at around 6 and found a queue of 2 people.   My husband took the Rustic Veggie while I went for a custom pizza (herb butter, red sauce, basil, green peppers,mushrooms, black olives and red onion) . The menu is super easy to navigate. When I am hungry I don't want to have to make too many decisions so that was good!  I'd say go for the custom always because that way you can pile on as many toppings and cheese as you like. This makes it a lot more flavorful, that's been my experience. :)  They bring the pizza to you so you don't have to wait there or keep track of your food.I wasn't facing the 'Quote wall' and hence couldn't read any of it and thus actually had a nice conversation with my husband.   Packed up the leftovers and had a snack later that night. Will definitely be back. :)  

                Chipotle (yes I'm writing this word many times in this review and Yelp is going to boost this word and people will will think Pieology is owned by Chipotle) does not own Pieology. But Chipotle's trademark way of creating a burrito has spread across the nation like wildfire. So many restaurants are using this concept and it's exciting to see pizza one of them.   When you enter, you'll immediately think you're in Chipotle, but somehow tortilla becomes pizza crust. There's a generous amount of toppings you can choose from, starting from the sauce, to the cheese, to meats and veggies, and then the afterbake.   After waiting a couple of minutes, our pizza was delivered to our table and we were able to enjoy the goodness of Pieology. The thin crust is baked just right and the toppings we selected were delicious. I guess technically, how "good" Pieology is is totally dependent on what you enjoy on a pizza, but I think most people will be able to create something that they enjoy.   I can't wait for more Pieology locations to be opened. A worthy 4-stars in my book.   -- PHOTO:  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pieology-pizzeria-san-jose?select=q1uEIAWRmYew4dI8VfhtDQ#q1uEIAWRmYew4dI8VfhtDQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/pieo…</a>  

                Pizza was mediocre at best. Setup similar to Chipotle, can have either a set pizza from the menu or make your own.  

                This place is amazing. Food is so good and fresh and its a good place for pizza when you are with someone who doesnt like the same things as you on their pizza. I drive from dublin all the way to san jo just to have this pizza! AMAZING!  

                Hmmm... not as impressive as I had hoped, especially considering all the reviews on this place.  Took my SO here for his birthday because he loves pizza. Parking was difficult because I guess it was dinner time. We had to park all across the way by the gym and walk over to the pizzeria. Walking in we immediately saw how busy the establishment was. We had never been to a make-your-own-pizza place before but the process seemed easy enough. We each got individual pizzas. He made himself a combination and I made myself a BBQ chicken type pizza. You'll get to pick and choose your own ingredients and sauces. At the end of the line you pay, they hand you a number, and you find a seat until they bring the pizza to you. Good thing we were able to find a table right after paying.   I don't know whether it's because I'm picky or what, but the pizza itself just wasn't that great. I think they could have used a little more time in the oven (even though it did take 30 mins to get our food). My pizza was really soggy and the ingredients were slipping off everywhere. My SO's combination pizza was good though.   Overall the food was decent, but not good enough for me to return.  

                Fun little manufacturing style pizza place that whips up your personalized pizza in 10 mins. It's been said that Pieology is like the Chipotle of pizza and it kind of is but isn't. Everything at Chipotle is pre-made, whereas Pieology, they will stone fire your pizza fresh for you until the dough's as crispy as a thin cracker. And that's awesome.   Toppings are great - not gourmet, but good. No mushrooms though. I think you can get a decent margherita here, especially with the cheese and fresh basil. I did the every topping on the pizza pizza. Good, but not recommended if you expect your pizza piping hot. Some of my toppings were cold/warm but the dough was perfect.   Good for casual dining, good for coming with friends, economical and nice relaxed atmosphere. Big spaces. There's a lot of potential for Pieology and I can see them whipping out a more expansive menu to include gourmet items separate from the regular menu.  

                One thing I like about certain places is that you can do whatever you want and still get away with it..deliciously and on the budget.   This is the case with Pieology. Some reviews say they were like Chipotle or Subway or even McD's. But for me...Pieology is just setting its own ground for customer satisfaction...even to the most picky eater.  Imagine, creating your own pizza...load it up as much topping as you want and still pay the same great price...dreamy isn't it? Well this is what happens here every time, everyday... seriously.  I would like to thank a co-worker of mine who finally prompted me to try this place. I have seen the reviews and the pics before but her full drooling description of this place just had me convinced to give it a try.   The place has a modern feel and the wall mural was a nice touch.  There was a long line and was kinda intimidating since we didn't know what to do, but there were some flyers you can read and the instructions on how to construct your own pizza masterpiece.. so it's all good.  We ordered two pizzas to share...because we were on a budget and didn't want to pay as much if things weren't at par with our expectations.    We got the one loaded with bacon, artichoke, Gorgonzola and mozzarella, ham, peppers, onions and mushroom on a tomato base sauce and drizzled with olive oil and ranch dressing. --final verdict? Yum!  The other one was garlic butter, with ham,bacon,  pepperoni, mushroom and sweet peppers, with mozzarella cheese. --final verdict? Yum!  So will we ever go back? Heck yeah!  Cause I am a FAN!  

                New favorite pizza place. Such a good deal! Love how you can add as many toppings without being charged extra.   Got pizza with mostly vegetable toppings and added pineapples to be adventurous. Ended up being a really good idea because it added a sweet kick and surprisingly worked reallyyy well with all the vegetables.  Impressed how customer service was top notch (great attitude & patience) even though it was crowded & the line was never ending.  

                The pizzas here are just amazing!! first of all you can get UNLIMITED toppings for such a good price!! This is my favorite pizza place ever, everything is just on point (-:   The workers here are so kind!! They always have a lovely smile on their faces. I've tried their competing pizza place MOD pizza and pieology has better pizza and service!! You guys will definitely see me here again (((:  

                My boyfriend and I came here while we were in town, per a recommendation from our Airbnb hosts. Customizable pizza for under $10?! Talk about the American Dream! Although the line was super long, it was well worth the wait. We chose the customizable option, and of course, my boyfriend opted to have everything but the kitchen sink. As a vegetarian, I chose a more conservative route than my better half, and it was still delicious. We eagerly (and greedily) piled on the ingredients to our liking and then selected the sauces (BBQ sauce, pesto, hot sauce, ranch, olive oil, etc. - all of the above, please!) to slather on after we received our finished masterpizza. Boy, oh boy, were the results delectable! My boyfriend continues to rave about how this was the best pizza he's ever had. The ingredients were diverse and fresh, the dough was thin, but supported the weight of the aforementioned ingredients. It seems like they truly have mastered the art (or as they refer to it, science) of custom-made pizza.   The food was outstanding, the staff is friendly and helpful, the restaurant was clean, spacious, and easy to find, there is ample parking available in the lot, and the inspirational quotes on the wall were a great way to pass the time while we were waiting in line (let's take down the Bill Cosby quote, shall we?). My only advice would be not to come here hungry around dinner time because you are gonna become hangry with the extensive wait they have.  

                "Any pizza is a personal pizza if you try hard enough." - some dude's shirt.  As many others have said, Pieology is Chipotle for pizzas.  And that's a compliment.  For about $8 or so, you can choose from an abundance of toppings (both veggie and meat) and specify how much you'd like to have. Fair warning: I learned the hard way that putting everything on a thin crust pizza is a bad idea.  On one visit, I loaded it up with all meats and most of the veggies.  With a pizza receiving only about 5 minute cooking time, the final product was cold throughout and flimsy.    I recommend each person stick to about 3 meat toppings and some veggies. This allows for all of the toppings to heat up and cook correctly.  The crust gets a chance to become crispy.  You should also drizzle that pesto sauce on your completed pizza.  It makes such a huge difference in taste.  My go-to pizza: herb butter, mozzarella, pepperoni, sausage, bacon, some herbs, garlic, and the pesto sauce.    Service here is fast.  The line may be long but it moves quickly.  I also enjoy reading the inspirational quotes on the wall.  I'm not sure what Mark Twain and Mahatma Gandhi have to do with customizing pizzas, but sure, why not?  YOLO.  

                I've been here twice and both times the food is very consistent.  If you like think crust, you'll love it!  The price is very reasonable too.  

                The food is so good and the price is even better! The only complaint is that if you get here at the wrong time, the line can be astronomical. Once you actually order, the pizza is quick to come out. Perhaps, if they came up with a way of starting to take orders while you wait in line, could help speed things up. When I see the line is long, I generally go look for something else.   If you have not tried this place, yet, then I highly recommend it! The taste is flavorful and the service is good.  

                My husband and I came here for the first time a few days ago, and thankfully it wasn't busy. You may try to read all the quotes on the wall if you're alone...but in our case, we were enjoying each other's company and devouring our pizza. Which I have to say, was really good. So basically, you choose your crust, cheese(s), veggie(s), and meat(s). Then you pay, and they bake your concoction in their stone oven. The wait was worth about 15 minutes. The pizza is 11" btw. We each had our own! Must I be embarrassed that I devoured the whole thing myself?! Nope. Considering that the crust was thin and crispy, the way I liked it and the toppings were just right to my own liking. So, create your own and enjoy!  

                Came here a few times with the family and there seems to always be a wait, so that's a downside. Also, it can be a bit difficult to find parking here at times because the plaza is usually crowded. I'm usually not a fan of thin crust pizza, but surprisingly I enjoy my pizza everytime I come here. I wish there was an option for a slightly thicker crust but I know it wouldn't bake as fast in the oven. I usually get it with pesto sauce instead mariana, and then load it with toppings!   It's pretty inexpensive for pizza with unlimited toppings!  

                There's not many restaurants that make me feel super motivated to 1) sign on my computer [almost] immediately to make a review, 2) give it 5 stars, 3) make me want to go again, today, now, this second. I've been waiting FOUR-EV-ERRRRR (I do know how to spell forever) to get a chance to go to Pieology. It's always just been super busy. I think I've stopped by at least four times, all to find the line going around the whole restaurant. It begged the question, "what's so good about this place?"  Uh. Crispy crust. Loading it with tons of the good stuff (hi garlic!) and none of the weird stuff (kalamata olives, thats you). A great manager to help you build your pizza and get you swiftly on your way to pizza bliss.  Yes.  Love Love Love!  I stopped by this past Sunday with The Boy and we cheered because the line was only a few people long. I was nervous. Would I be able to construct a pizza of epic proportions? Yes. Because Mike was there. He pointed out putting the herbed garlic around the edges and putting marinara just in the middle...is the bomb. AND IT WAS. After that, I moved on to put mozarella, lots of shrooms, artichokes, garlic, bacon, pepperoni.   Then we waited. Like two minutes. How is it possible that such goodness comes out of that magic pizza oven so quickly??? It did. I wasn't disappointed. They even provide cute boxes because you know you want that pizza to last you at least a couple of meals.  I'm going to applaud the new manager (I truly believe it) for streamlining the process. I didn't see a line form of more than 5 people at a time. That's a Pieology miracle. I'LL BE BACK SOON!  Love you my herbed garlic crusty pizza.  

