                I just had the best Pork Adobo Sandwich I've ever had! Usually Pork Adobo sandwiches are either too dry, or too fatty, or too black-peppery (I want to taste something other than black pepper!), or once I had one that was too salty (and it has to be really salty for me to complain). But this place got it right! They were out of the crispy onions, so I can't wait to taste it with them. I'm already craving going here again!   It's in the back of a convenience store and the store has good prices on drinks & chips too. Perfect place to get a sandwich to go.  

                Very yum and friendly service. Our group of 7 ordered together and it didn't take too long.   There's no description of what's in the different types of sandwiches but if you ask, they're very friendly and the descriptions are mouthwatering.   Got the Aoli and it was pretty good. Just that there was something delightfully spicy in it, black pepper?, but unfortunately it wasn't spread evenly so I only discovered it in the second half of my sandwich.   But delicious! Will be back again to try more!  

                the roast chicken sandwich is really good, once you get past the shady convenience store in the front.  it's not cheap and it's cash only, but totally worth checking out.  

                Very yum and friendly service. Nice staff and great service!  

                I'm not a big sandwich person but decided to give this a go because it's close to my job and has glowing reviews.  It didn't disappoint.  I got the tofu curry sandwich.  The curry is mild yet flavorful.  They add a little chili sauce but if you like heat, I'd ask for more.  I thought the portion size was spot on and the price was right.  The vibe is super informal but I dig it!  Next time, I'll try one of the meat options.  

                Pop Sandwich is situated in the rear of the Chez Mado snack/drinks shop. a standing sign in front is the only notice.  menu: hoagie roll sandwiches: pork adobo(8), albacore tuna(8), ham n chez(6), squash curry,(7) etc.  offerings vary slightly daily.  eats: albacore tuna (8) -freshly caught tuna off oregon coast, cooked -tomato, mustard, lettuce,shredded carrot et al. garnish. -tasted fishy, so it' fresh. -fillings anemic, not much veggie, so fish taste is noticeable  crumbs: -interesting taste, but small hoagie, -not a great value, good yes -one man show, so prepare to wait. 3.5 stars.  

                I tried this place because a couple of coworkers recommended it, one saying it was the best sandwich she'd ever had. Maybe the staff trades off and I went on a particularly bad day, but I went with a group of coworkers, and we all had a terrible experience. The sandwiches, first of all, are nothing particularly special. The ingredients are pretty basic, and they're surprisingly expensive for small sandwiches offered in the back of a convenience store. There are other local sandwich shops that I'd argue are better quality for a lower prices. And, of course, there are other locations on neighboring streets with fancier sandwiches that more appropriately reflect their prices.  All that aside, my main objection to this location was the sanitation. Or, to be more precise, the lack thereof. There were two men working behind the counter; one was assembling the majority of the sandwiches, while the other was alternating between grilling vegetables for the veggie sandwich and yelling at his coworker. They were both extremely stressed out and unable to manage their time effectively; they clearly weren't prepared to deal with a line of people ready to order.  The worker doing the main sandwich assembly wasn't wearing gloves - I didn't mind this at first, because I assumed his hands were clean and that the sandwich assembly was the only thing he'd be doing. Then it came time for people to begin paying for the sandwiches they'd ordered, and he collected cash (it's a cash-only establishment), placed it in a wooden box behind the counter, and went back to assembling sandwiches. Without washing his hands. This is not only a health code violation, but extremely unnecessary - there's a cashier at the front of the store who still collects money for the other parts of your meal - sodas, chips, etc - so why is this person not in charge of the money handling for the sandwiches as well?  In addition, one of my coworkers witnessed the other worker breaking a raw egg in the sandwich assembly area, wiping it up with a paper towel, then returning to the sandwich making without washing his hands.   And the quality of the sandwiches? Both coworkers who ordered the chicken reported bone shards in the meat.   I'm certainly never returning. It's nice to have another sandwich place in the area, but they need to adjust their practices - sort out their process so they're not rushing and yelling at each other and assembling subpar products, set up a separate employee for the money handling, and WASH THEIR HANDS.  

                One of the best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had.  The pork adobo is phenominal as well.  I'll be coming back to try some of the other Pop Sandwich creations.  Well done!  

                Yep, the pork adobo sandwich is as good as everyone is saying. Cubed meat is tender and juicy, bread is soft with a good outer crust, and the sauce + veggies are delicious. It kind of reminds me of a bahn mi. I was actually bummed when I finished because there was no more. Can't wait to try his other sandos.  

                Go to the back of this store location to find the sandwich shop. Great guy working there making his sandwiches. I would go back.  

                Definitely Dope Digity...  Cool lil spot with some bomb a$$ sandwiches. I came in a got the Adobe sandwich, some quail eggs, and potato salad. Everything was solid but that adobo sandwich doe... So good I don't even wanna try the rest but I'll def be back for more.   If your looking for some grub lunch time def check this spot out!  

                Even tho I eat meat with all my meals, my favorite was the egg and cheese. This was until the chef put a chicken potato adobo sandwich on the menu. Loving it, I suggest you try it out if you're coming to Oakland. And don't worry, the neighborhood is super safe for you out of towners  

                Ben Franklin has been misquoted. It is the sandwich, not beer, which is proof that God loves us. POP has elevated the art form with inspired,  creative, yet unfussy offerings. The flavors are balanced, the portions perfect & the effect... utter satisfaction. I can't wait to try the new chicken breast, potato adobo. Genius!  

                Hands down one of the best sandwich shops in Oakland.  The chicken/pork adobo is pretty much the most amazing thing, and their breakfast sandwich (with pickled carrots, sriracha marinade) blows any other bfast sandwich out of the water.  Ian is very friendly and makes everything to order, so it's fresh!  

                The pork adobo sandwich is quite delicious. I also tried the fried egg sandwich, the filling fluffy and tasty, contrasting well with the crispy French bread roll. Great hideaway to pick up a satisfying lunch on a weekday.  

                We have been reading the reviews like crazy over here, and dying to try a sandwich.  Went in on Monday the 16th of February to grab a sammie.  BUMMER - they said they were open online, but when we get there, we are told that are closed (even though they unlocked the door and let some peeps in).  Is this a secret sandwich club?   To top it all off, they tell us that the market they occupy has new owners, and is not open as of now.  

                Great sandwiches. I've had the pork adobo. The tofu curry, and the ahi tuna one. All were great. Very New York deli feel with walking thru  convenience store to get to separate deli in back. Buy drinks up front etc. But all in all a great place to get healthy gourmet sandwiches but average lunch price. Would highly recommend.  

                The pork adobo sandwich is delish!!! Great flavor! Service was quick and staff was super friendly! I will definitely be back.  

                I've been looking for good sandwiches by my office. I don't know why I like eating sandwiches for lunch but I do. I found this spot on yelp. Walked a couple blocks over and passed it a few time but finally found it. The guy making my sandwich was super chill. I just had a plain ham and cheese but it was still better than any sandwich I've had between 14th and 17th. I'll be back to try the rest. Hopefully you try them out too. Just remember to bring cash.  

                Damn. I had to sign up for twitter just to give mad love to these sandwiches. Pork adobo! BOMB. Egg and cheese! BOMB. Tuna! BOMB Can't wait to try more.  

                Gotta get that Pork Adobo sandwich!! Cheaper and tastier than any other sandwich shop around :)!  

                This spot slaps. POP IS THE BEST EVER! Such a cool sandwich shop. I will definitely be back for more veggie sandwiches. The owner/sandwich creator is a very nice guy who will make the sandwich exactly how you like it promising that you get the sandwich of your dreams.  

                Wow. The pork adobo sandwich was so damn good I feel compelled to write this yelp review with the wax paper and crumbs still right in front of me. The combination of the adobo, aioli, sambal, crunchy yet soft baguette, pickles carrots, etc is so complex and amazing. My mouth is singing! Don't be fooled by the fact that POP is located in the back of a convenience store, the sandwiches are fresh and tasty. The dude who runs the counter is friendly. I'll be back for sure! Now do yourself a favor and go get one of these sammies!  

                The definition of a hidden gem. Look for the sign outside the snack shop next to Liba Falafel.  

                I love this place very good food for good prices and the guy who's make the sandwiches is so cool and he have a lot of varieties on the menu the egg and. Cheese is my favorite sandwich it's very good I also had the chicken and turkey one it was also very good if you want to get your lunch go pop sandwich it's good clean and also good price I will be back  

                Love love love the pork adobo sandwich. Just a tad spicy, which kicks the flavor up real nice. Have also tried the mahi and it was also delicious, but would have to say the adobo is my fave.  

                Great sandwiches and great dudes. Located in beautiful downtown Oakland. Pork adobo is my favorite so far. Don't sleep on this place!  

                A great sandwich spot tucked in the back of the Chez Mado store. Rad staff, rad paintings and amazing squash curry sandwiches!!  

