                I've been coming here for over 30 years.   Basically, it 's separated into 2 parts:  Mongolian BBQ and regular menu area.  The regular menu area has consistently good food and friendly service.  I'm not a fan of the Mongolian BBQ side of it.  I mean the food is good, it's just not my thing.  

                A family favorite.   Our go to place for Chinese food near home.  We like the honey walnut prawns and the sizzling beef.    The mongolian BBQ is pretty good for lunch.  

                I have been going to Mongolian bbqs since I was an adolescent, they were my first choice for my birthday dinners. Just moved to Vallejo and went to the Princess Garden with a friend tonight and this place blew our minds!  Best Mongolian bbq I have ever been to. The all you can eat buffet had a great amount of fresh ingredients complimented by savory appetizers/o'dourves. My server, Christina, was genuinely attentive and generously attractive.  The server assistant, Noah, was on top of drink refills and pre-bussing. 5 stars all the way. If you like Mongolian bbqs, you will like this place. Chas  

                The Mongolian BBQ is spectacular here.  I am not really aware of any places around that serve this type of food.  There was a Great Kahn's Mongolian BBQ at the Sun Valley Mall, but it closed down and it was was no where near as good as Princess Garden's Mongolian BBQ.  I usually get take out.  You go down the line to pick the items you would like in it such as meats, vegetables and sauces.  Then you hand the bowl to the cook and he cooks it on the flat grill by flipping it around with cooking sticks.  You have the option to include noodles and it comes with steamed rice or fried rice.  They've had the same cook for a long time.  He is always very friendly and remembers me each time I come in.  

                I'm not sure why the rating for this restaurant is so high. I might have to give it another try after coming here twice for their mongolian bbq and korean dishes.  First time coming here for mongolian bbq was just "mehhhh." Yes it's nice that it's AYCE and can choose your own veggies and meat, but the way it was cooked was not great. All of mine and my friend's dishes came out burnt and flavorless. Their sauces are heavily watered down so even following their sauce guide doesn't give you a unique or adequate flavor to your dish. Later on I just wanted grilled assorted vegetables with garlic, but that didn't even turn out well. Although, if you want a semi cheap AYCE meal, this would be a good deal. Oh yeah, I was really turned off by them using the same bowl that I used to put in my raw meats and vegetables.   Suggestion: keep clean plates/bowls near the grill to serve the cooked food instead of using the same bowl for the raw food.  Second time I came, we tried some of their korean food. While this was better than the mongolian bbq, it was not amazing. We tried their shrimp dish, black bean noodles and fried beef dish. It was still lacking in uniqueness.  Furthermore, the price of what we paid for for the small portions was disappointing.  I'll have to come back to try some of their Chinese food since it might be better than these other cuisines. Although it does a good job at bringing diverse flavors to Vallejo, if it focuses on one thing to make it stand out, it would make is so much better.  The customer service was excellent though!  

                Princess Garden and I go WAY back from my elementary days from St. Catherine! I haven't eaten at their place since the third grade, so I realize it was time to make a visit with a childhood memory.  Princess Garden is one of those restaurants that's easy to miss. It's buried further down past Target. As long as you see the Hancock Fabric store at the corner of the business plaza you should be fine. There's plenty of room to park. However, be aware of your personal valuables. Hide them in a safe spot where it's not visible. I heard that there are some people that often breaks into cars if they see something they like especially around the Black Bear Diner area.   Today, I decided to go for the All You Can Eat Mongolian BBQ. I was greeted by this lovely friendly female hostess who quickly sat me down in seconds. I was acknowledged by every staff member that passed by me, and they were prompt with refilling my water and making sure I was comfortable. What made their customer service stand out from other Chinese restaurants is the fact they like to connect with their customers and be personable which is probably why most of the Yelp reviews are high. On the other hand, I liked how clean the Mongolian BBQ area is when you're picking out your ingredients for your dish. The meat and vegetables looked fresh, and it didn't look rotten as compared to Mongolian BBQ places. Also, there's a guide to how much of each sauce to put if you want mild, spicy, or curry looking Mongolian BBQ!   Overall, the restaurant looks clean no matter where you sit. I still have yet to try their other dishes! I'll come back on another day to check out their lunch specials.  

                (Review for the Mongolian BBQ side of the restaurant)  Vallejo meatheads (both those who workout and/or just love meat) take note: All you can eat Mongolian BBQ is served here.  I've been in Vallejo all my life. I remember when there were TWO Princess Gardens. There was the one on Sonoma Blvd. Went there a lot for parties, weddings, and all the like. Cheap tasting Chinese food buffet that surely jacked up the food with MSG (I remember the headaches well.) Today, the same spot is a... well... let's just say it is an establishment that does particularly well during the hour of 4:20.  I feel like a moron. All my time in V-Town and I had never really been here. I always passed it up as another Chinese resto in town. But then I was enlightened. My two good friends, Alyssa and Frank (also Yelpers but long time friends before that) causally mentioned Princess Garden one night. They mentioned how they had Mongolian BBQ. And that it was all you can eat. WHY HADN'T I KNOWN ABOUT THIS?! THEY EVEN HAVE A BIG WINDOW WHERE YOU CAN WATCH THE GUY COOK... FROM THE OUTSIDE OF THE RESTAURANT!  At any rate, I headed there a few days later. After being greeted and seated by a (very cute) friendly hostess, I looked around. Very unassuming dining area. In comparisson to the other side, this side is dull. HOWEVER, if you're extremely hungry (as I was), that won't matter all that much to you. You will quickly dart your attention to the buffet style station. This is how it works: grab a bowl, choose your meat(s), choose your veggies, top off with oil or one of the other sauces, and then you bring it to the cook. He will proceed to cook it on a large stone stove and in a minute or two, bowl of happiness. Pretty straightforward. AND SO DELICIOUS. I engulfed 4 large bowls when I went. Plenty of veggies to choose from. Meats come in the form of then sliced beef, pork, lamb, and chicken. If... if you love meat... I mean, really love meat... It's hard to see how spending around $11-15 for all you can eat is a bad proposition.  You also get a mini appetizer plate, not to mention all you can eat fried shrimp and either pork or chicken (depending on the day.) Service is fast and friendly. No staff ever really bothers you over anything. I quickly became a fan of this place. All you can eat meat that's cooked right there while you wait. I like this A LOT.  

                I think Princess Garden has stepped up a bit. Service today was great. Food was awesome. You cant beat all you can eat to include shrimp. No food to go and its nit cheap at all. FOR todays challenge food won. LoL Try the Mongolian BarBcue 2 bowls & two plates of shrimps. Im done. Yummy  

                I love it here! Before when we used to go here with my family growing up, we only went to the regular sit-down dining area on the right side. I know that the Mongolian BBQ has been there forever but I guess we were too closed-minded to look to the left...  Until a couple months ago. We went with my wife and two younger ones because I was craving something similar to the grill they used to have at Serramonte Mall. The setup is very straightforward: you choose your meat (beef, chicken, pork or lamb), veggies and sauces. There is a board right above the sauces with recipes to make a particular sauce (mild, hot, curry, etc.) so it takes the guesswork out of it. Then you bring your bowl to the cook, who asks if you want noodles, and then proceeds to cook the whole thing. Doesn't take more than 5 minutes usually. Afterward, enjoy your stir fry concoction.  In that area, there are also options to order from a menu if you desire, and 4 silver containers with a la carte items. Personally, I don't think you'll have to order anything else here if you're already eating from the Mongolian BBQ area, which is a very reasonable $12.95 per person (as of 12/11/14). I can only make 3 bowls at most before my stomach wants to explode, but hey, it's some great stuff, that's for sure!  

                Oh wow. I've been fooled! I was craving wonton soup. I searched for the best wonton soup and I saw great reviews here. So I called in and ordered the soup. The lady was so nice. When I got the order, it smelled good in the car. When I opened it, I was looking for the wontons. The only thing I see is just small bits and pieces of shrimp & chicken and wonton wrappers(filled with nothing) floating in the soup. Also the soup is soo bland! I'm not ordering soup here again. I should've drove all the way to downtown Oakland for the wonton soup.  

                Princess Garden has impressed me. They are doing many things right and a few things could be improved.  Location: Located in a plaza, the restaurant sign isn't too big so just keep an eye out.   Upon entering the restaurant, they ask you BBQ or no. BBQ, you proceed to the left where the grill and ingredients are. Otherwise, you go right where you can order from the menu.  For my review, I decided to try their BBQ ($14) AYCE. My very first impression was our server? manager? not sure who he was but he was very personable and very helpful. Right off the bat, he explained how the set up is and what we wanted to drink and if we wanted hot sauce. Then announced that we would be getting our appetizers soon to enjoy.  The Set Up:  Meat and Veggies laid out.Beef, Chicken, Pork and Lamb. Then you got your Carrots, Mushroom, Broccoli, Bean Sprouts, Zuchinni, Bamboo shoots, Water Chestnuts, Cilantro, Green Onions, and I'm probably forgetting a few. Oyster, BBQ, Hot Sauce, Garlic, ginger, peppers, sesame oil, etc. Along with the ingredients, there's also some hot food items that are already cooked. Fried dumplings, fried rice, general tso chicken, and cooked prawns.  The main outstanding point was the service. With constant smiles, verbal, clear, and routinely checking up, the service was top notch.   I do have a couple of points that I'd like to point out. When you leave your bowl to get cooked, they re-use the same bowl to put your cooked food back in. The issue with this is, you have raw meat as your first choice when picking your ingredients. So... you just put raw meat onto your bowl and they are using it again. Also, I'd recommend putting the meat in a cooler setting rather than just sitting out at room temperature for hours and hours.  Otherwise, great food, great service, and definitely a great place if you want to control your own creation and amount.  GO GO GO GO!  

                I usually go here for lunch twice a week and the service is just excellent. I haven't had any bad experience yet. The owner and the staff are very friendly.  

                Hmmm.... We ate on the Chinese food side, not the Mongolian BBQ. So, we can't attest to the BBQ, but the Chinese wasn't super great.  The customer service, honestly, was great!! Friendly and funny, very attentive.  The food on the other hand... we got two separate meals. Spicy pork lunch special, and ginger garlic chicken lunch special. The soup was interesting, seemed like three different canned soups mixed together, with frozen veggies. Egg rolls were good! Then our meals came out, and they looked and tasted exactly the same. Really weird. Frozen veggies with that, too, and not the best quality meat. Also, no hot tea offered, which is weird for a Chinese food restaurant.  Anyways, won't be back.  

                I've been here a handful of times and I have always had a great experience. Although this is a Chinese food  place, they are Korean owners I believe and if you ask, they get you a separate Korean menu!!     Food is cooked to delicious mouth watering perfection. I am a Korean foodie, so finding places that can cook items well, is always a plus. My favorite is always jangpong and jajangmyun. That is a spicy seafood soup and a black bean paste noodle plate. They also have a delicious veggie/beef with white noodle, that is my fave! Forget what it's called but my parents always order it. For their regular menu, their sweet and sour pork is good, I like to request more sauce because I don't like it too dry. Also another delicious plate is the Mongolian beef. The meat is cooked well so that it's the right amount of chewy and the flavors flow with every bite. Broccoli Beef, the broccoli is well cooked so it's not too hard and not too soft that it's falling apart.      A must go to spot in Vallejo! Try it out :)  

                Wonderfull food, great customer service, by far the best place ive been here in vallejo.  

                I just wanted to give Princess Garden in Vallejo another shout-out for excellent food and service.  It had been a while since we had been there but as always, we were greeted with a warm welcome and treated to their excellent soup of the day.  And as always the food was excellent and plentiful.  We always end up taking lots home for lunch next day.  We consider Princess Garden in the Target Shopping center the best Chinese food and Mongolian BBQ place in Vallejo.  

                Both sides are wonderful but I usually go for the Mongolian bbq side. It's a buffet, they bring you a tray of appetizers, and the service is great. My son is only 2 and they don't make me pay for him since he eats off of us but they still bring enough appetizers for him for free. Great for a date night or a family night. This is definitely one of the best restaurants in Vallejo.  

                My family and I had dinner after a long day of driving and I am glad that we did. The moshu pork was delicious. Although the Mongolian beef was a little salty for my taste but my family loved it. The hot and sour soup was awesome hence and empty bowl. The service was surprisingly excellent especially coming from am Asian restaurant. My baby wants to know when we are going back to Vallejo, that is how good it is.  

                It's my first time in their fine dine area and I am very impressed by the staff and food. Very good service, although very short.. It must be cultural. We ordered Walnut shrimp , Mongolian Beef, and Combination fried rice ... The serving was good enough for 2 plus leftovers.  Walnut shrimp was not over breaded and candied walnuts was perfect. My boyfriend liked the Mongolian beef.. And we both enjoyed the fried rice... I definitely recommend the formal dinning instead of their Mongolian side of the restaurant..  

                The food is as amazing as the service. The best Chinese style food near the Napa Valley. I'll be making the trip often ...  

                Best restaurant in vallejo for the money, food is always cook perfect and staff is very friendly  

                I love this place.  My favorite is the Mongolian bbq but most of the food is yummy.  The chow mien is delicious but the fried rice had a funky flavor.  While I'm a big fan of the Chinese food, the Mongolian bbq is the real reason to come!  

                Authentic Chinese food with awesome staff. If ever you crave for Chinese food, go here and don't forget to order honey walnut prawns. And the place is clean too.  

                One of the best Chinese  restaurants in Vallejo. My top three are Annie's Panda Garden, this place, and china Wok.   This is the best fine dining Chinese restaurant in town. The ambiance and space really sets the mood for a romantic dinner. Great for celebrations and dressy events.  The portions are adequate for a family of four or five.   I love their fried rice, chow mein, and honey walnut prawns!   Compared to to their restaurants they are kinda pricey. But it makes up for it in service and ambiance.  On the other half of the restaurant is the Mongolian BBQ. Love their BBQ! You get unlimited BBQ along with the 4 other buffet entrees they serve on the side. You also get a appetizer sampler with your meal. Tons of food! I never leave here hungry!   Why not 5 stars? The waiting area is small and the bathrooms could be cleaner.  

                This is the AYCE Mongolian BBQ place. I went here for dinner on Monday night around 8ish. There were only a few people at the restaurant. The staff were friendly, but the food was okay.   Here were what you would get from this place:  - Egg Roll  - Fried wonton - Chicken wing - Vegetable beef soup - Your style Mongolian BBQ  If you can eat a lot, you will like this place :)  

                My boyfriend and I really enjoy coming here for lunch. It is around $12 for endless Mongolian BBQ and my boyfriend really gets his money's worth. I, on the other hand, just eat one bowl and am pretty much full. The appetizer they serve as soon as we get seated is delicious. We enjoy every dish on the plate and the tiny grill really adds a nice scenery.  The workers are SO efficient, friendly, and just aware of their customers. They don't watch us eat or anything, but they do tend to our needs rather quickly (refilling drinks offering us to eat more, etc.) I always feel so welcome and the atmosphere is so calming. We've never eaten here for dinner, but I can imagine it's even nicer.  The closest Mongolian BBQ restaurant is in the mall a few cities over. It's not as "authentic" as Princess Garden--or endless.   I never knew about the fried rice or the orange chicken in those heated containers near the grill, so they should definitely let people know. Otherwise, I love this place and DEFINITELY recommend.  

                My Mongolian BBQ grill came out to be blackened. That's an indication of uncleaned grill. I have been to other Mongolian establishment that the chef would clean the grill with every few orders. My plate of green veggies came out to be blackened.  

                We love this place. There's something for everyone since there's Mongolian BBQ and your traditional Chinese dishes. We go with the BBQ 99.999999 percent of the time because we absolutely love it!!  The ingredients are fresh and the service is relatively good. I never leave feeling like death with that feeling of over-greased food. It's all just right.  

                Our Supper Club went last Saturday night. We had a great time. The food was delicious and the waiters were very nice. Thank you for such great service. btw your dinnerware is so pretty! =)  

                Sucks, don't eat there they served us fish sticks  for real. Whoever posted 4 stars must own stock in this restaurant.  You gave been warned  

                We walked in like I have a few times before, except this time we decided to go straight for the bbq instead of waiting around for the disgusting appetizer soup and greasy  Hors d'oeuvres they bring you to fill you up so you don't eat as much at the bbq bar.  That apparently did not sit well with the wait staff because they proceeded to give us dirty looks the whole time we were there. They proceeded to bring the soup and appetizers anyways...would've been good if I had told them not to bring it or if they had asked.  The waitress decides to whisper under her breath that she has to throw the food away that we didn't eat and out loud the second time. The food there okay, nothing spectacular  but I am never going back there again.   FYI! Tips are to be earned not a given, which is why they received zero!  

                This is the best I have been too in all of the Benicia, Fairfield, Vallejo area.  I ate once on the "you make it" side, but was not able to make anything taste very good. The staff is one of the best for a "regular" restaurant.  Very attentive and courteous. My favorite is their prawns in chili sauce. They make the second best hot and sour soup I have ever had.  

                This review is for the AYCE mongolian BBQ.  Came here with a group of 4 after Six Flags. We are impressed by the appetizers because it comes with a mini BBQ flame grill in the middle that you can heat your beef up on.   When it was time to get the mongolian BBQ, we were excited because there were so many options. However, it turned out to be a big disappointment and we will never return ever again.    The one star lies in the fact that the boss leaves his chopsticks upwards on the dirty floor next to the trash can and just picks it up and use it on your food. That's nasty and unsanitary...I mean at least put it on the table with a napkin underneath it or something. JUST anywhere but the floor next to the trash can please.   The other reason why this place deserves one star is the fact that they don't clean their grill. My noodles were literally speckled with burnt flakes. I wish I took a picture to prove my dissatisfaction. It was so gross tasting because all you could taste was the burnt flakes, none of my friends finished our food and we just left our food uneaten on the table, paid and left.   Come here only if you like your Mongolian BBQ with millions of burnt flakes on it. Other than that, give this place a pass or eat on the other side. In my opinion the mall Mongolian BBQs are a lot better because even if there is a long line, they take the time to scrape and clean the grill before they serve more customers.  

                So I have finally expanded my repertoire at Princess Garden...and I'm not sad about it!  I have come here many times for the Mongolian BBQ (read my previous review). Last time we came, the waiter recognized that my bf is Korean and told him about the Korean-Chinese menu. We made a note of it and moved on.  Fast forward a few months and we decided to take his Dad here for a late Father's Day dinner.   When we got to the restaurant we told them we wanted the Korean-Chinese menu. Just a warning - it is written ENTIRELY IN KOREAN! So...if you can't read Korean, you are going to have a more difficult time (although I'm sure the waiters would be more than happy to help you out).  We ordered the bean paste noodles, the seafood dish, and a stir-fry kind of dish with beef with pineapples in it.  It was all yummy, and my bf's Dad gave it the stamp of approval for being authentically Korean-Chinese food. He even said this could be our regular place to go to for Chinese food!  I think that is about as big of a compliment as any restaurant can get.  

                If you want authentic Chinese food, this restaurant is NOT the place!! We had dinner here for the first time just because we were hungry, we had the Mongolian BBQ, all you can eat for $14.95, it is absolutely horrible, we will never go back, the food was NOT worth your money, I would rather go to Panda Express right across from them. The only reason why I am giving this a 2 stars was that the service was good, those young waiter & waitresses were very nice to us.  This is my honest opinion about this place!!  

                I love this place because of their customer service.  My family loves to dine in here because the owner Jimmy is humble, hospitable and remembers his customers who return for the great food.  Service is EXCELLENT! Sizzling rice soup, lemon chicken, Mongolian barbecue is my favorite.  

                Had the cashew chicken. Couldn't finish it, it had that raw "chicken smell". Best fortune cookies though, no joke.  

                Update Jul 2014: Extremely attentive service and very congenial atmosphere, prices a bit high for what you get, food as good as any better Chinese restaurant. Nice for a special date (if you have to be in Vallejo) or to take the family for a celebration.  

                Great food, great service.  We had the Mongolian Beef Buffett, highly recommend the spicy recipe.  

                I went to Princess Garden with relatives. We went for the Mongolian BBQ. They were quite accommodating, making sure there was room for a stroller and a high chair.   The meal started with the soup and some appetizers (egg rolls, mini drumsticks, etc). I usually bypass that and go straight for the meat (pork, beef, chicken and lamb). There's an assortment of veggies and sauces. I like that you make your own sauce combo- I like my food really spicy.  I also got some fried rice and potstickers from the tray. Not bad, since they were part of the buffet.   The second time I went up for bbq, I elected to go with the noodles. I was absolutely stuffed midway through the second bowl.   The waitstaff was very attentive, quickly refilling water glasses and removing dishes we were done with.  Overall, pretty good. I had been to this place numerous times over the last 20 years!  

