                Very simple, family run establishment with tasty, authentic food. We ordered chicken & jalapeño pupusas and a burrito.  All very reasonably priced and super yummy. You can see the ladies in the back pounding on the pupusa masa so you know everything is fresh.  I would definitely go back. It's like taking a trip to El Salvador without the plane ticket.  

                Well I'll start off by saying I'll be back. Although I wasn't too impressed with the length of time it took to receive my meal after I ordered, I was happy to have a hot pupusa and taco made fresh!   The pupusa wasn't anything TOO spectacular (I am spoiled with homemade ones from my friend's family), but the pastor taco was AMAZING! Better than any taco truck! I am already looking forward to going back, but this next time I want five of them! Haha  

                I found my place for good and cheap Pupusas!! Great location and easy to find. The place is at a corner location. Inside is pretty clean with many seats for groups. There have a flat screen TV's to watch sports.   Their pupusas are pretty decent size and not made with lots of dough like a couple of places I have been to. It comes with different meats and can customize extras. My fave is still the cheese pupusas and add jalapeños in it. Their hot sauce is good! Their empanada leches are very good, too!!  I really love their shakes especially it's made with real fruit and not the powder stuff! Everything is under $10.  I think my only compliant here, we ordered ahead of time and still had to wait 20 minutes or so after.   Will have to try the rest!  

                The pupusas were really good but my favorite was the el pastor tacos! Best el pastor I think I've ever had and I eat mexican food often!  

                Lifesaver!! For thanksgiving the fam bam decided to do a potluck instead of a traditional dinner. Short on time and after discovering that they'd be open on thanksgiving day I called to place my order. They were friendly and punctual. They gave me plenty of sides and sauce. I also ordered the plantains for a sweet dessert. Everyone loved the pupusas and asked where I bought them at. It seems like forever when you are sitting and waiting there but they are worth the wait.  

                The only reason I took off a star was because of the long wait. But other than that the food was amazing. The pupusas here are the perfect ratio of beans and cheese. I've had others before where the cheese was overpowering the beans or vice versa. Definitely will come back here for their food, and its not bad for the price either!  

                I love the authentic approach to the cooking style from my country. The pupusas are cooked real well and taste nice.  Been going there for a long time (since opening day) - and love the piece of nostalgia to real Salvadorean pupusas.  Like anything cooked from my country, Salvadorean food is not as good as the ones from home -but the nostalgic trip is appreciated.  Will visit at least once a month. Love it and recommend it.  

                OMG! I love this place and I am such a picky person but the food here is so good I get the chicken pupusas, SO DELICIOUS and their steak tacos. I'll eat here every day if I could. I won't go to any other El Salvadoran restaurant.  

                The best place to get pupusas in the Fremont / Newark Area. We eat dinner here at least  a couple times a month.   The Pupusa de Pollo is my favorite, followed closely by the Pupusa Revuelta. They're made to order and take a little time, but are SO worth the wait when they come to your table with a crisp, hot outside and steaming, cheesy inside. The curtido (cabbage salad) and homemade salsas are a perfect compliment.   Do yourself a favor and get the Platanos Combo too- the plantains are carmelized on the grill until they're dark brown and soft, then served with sour cream and refried beans. Delicious and a total steal at $6.   Hubby and I usually share 2-3 pupusas plus the plantains and leave full and happy for less than $15. The family that runs the restaurant is very nice and tolerates my gringa spanish with good humor.   I have tried their tamales (also good) but not much else from the menu, because I'm so stuck on the pupusas.  

                I've never had a pupusa until today.  What took me so long?  I don't know.  I've been distracted by eating other food I think.  Up front:  This is a true hole-in-the-wall joint.  Not your fine dining establishment by any stretch!  We ordered:  PUPUSA - It was served warm, smaller, thicker and dough-ier than a tortilla.  Wasn't impressed on my first bite, but they grew on me as I kept eating.  SHRIMP SOUP - My wife's order.  I didn't care for the quality of the shrimp--that farm-raised kind, that somehow never tastes like shrimp meat, rubbery texture.  CHICKEN SOUP - This was pretty good.  I never would expect a soup like this to be this good, in a place like this.  Surprise.  This might be a place to visit when you need Grandma's chicken soup when you're feeling under the weather.  TAMALE - I've had better tamales.  These weren't the bomb and they weren't horrible either.  Just middle of the road.  This was our first time here, but somehow I think all the positive reviews about this place have to count for something.  Chicken soup was the best thing we had.  

                OH.  MY.  GOOD!!  I hadn't had a decent pupusa since El Calderón in Mountain View years and years ago.... and sadly, I missed my opportunity to go back there since they closed recently..  But then we discovered this place, and... YES!!  Don't let the bright yellow and orange paint deter you.  Yes, it's a hole-in-the-wall restaurant, painted a bit garishly.   It's hard to miss this place, and that's good, because, well, you don't want to.  The first time we went to Pupuseria y Taquieria Rosita, we knew we'd be back for more.... and more.  The pupusas are that good.  Better, even.  Authentic, mouthwatering pupusas with two salsas and curtido the way it should be.  Prices are reasonable and the people are nice.  Definitely on my  "I'd Eat It Again" list.  :)  

                I pass by this place everyday but never have stopped to try the food...until today!  I ordered pupusas con loroco with rice and beans.  All I can say is "Y-U-M-M-Y!"  So full of flavor and very fresh.  I will definitely be back!  

                The customer service is supreme. Been eating here almost every day for the past few months they have one of the best burritos out there, and the chicken soup taste absolutely amazing,  

                If my 8year old liked the food. I have to give it a 5 star. No other comment I myself liked the way the ladies where getting down. They made our popusas right when we order nothing pre made. That's how I like my food home made style.  

                I wish I had known about this place earlier! The best (maybe only) place to get amazing pupusas in Fremont/Newark. It's a small little joint; you can see the kitchen when you're paying at the register. But it gives it that homemade feel, and they are so delicious. And filling! My first time here, I thought hey, they look small, I'll order 3 of them. I was stuffed after getting through half of the second one. They are jam packed with meaty, cheesy goodness and topped with a yummy sauce and slaw. You won't leave here disappointed!  

                Tacos were simple yet very delicious. I highly recommend the chicken and steak tacos! The steak and chicken were grilled to perfection, crisp and seasoned just the way I like it (neither salty nor bland). Customer service was good as well. I will most definitely go there again!  

                Nice little salvadorian and Mexican joint in Fremont. My boyfriend finally took me here after raving about it while he worked at Johnson and Johnson over summer.   They have a great selection in basic Mexican taqueria food and many salvadorian options (besides just pupusas). What makes it all better is that they taste great too! Pupusas are crunchy outside and soft and moist inside. I got a Mexican style tamale and that was yummy and the bf had a carne asada taco, pupusa, and quesadilla. All satisfying too and the wait wasn't long at all.   If you're looking for some Mexican/Salvadorian food in the area, this is your place to try for sure.  

                Overall comments: Beware: The portions are gigantic here.  Dishes: shrimp thing good pupusa   Service: seating speed - seat yourself food speed - okay servers nice  Venue: parking kinda hard, find a side street pretty easy to spot looked clean enough lighting good  Notes: 2 dinner no ~ 15$  

                The pupusas are amazing... I sit in the front and listen to the lady patting them out in the kitchen.   The cabbage side is perfectly sour to give a good bite and texture to the pupusas.  I come here often and they're always good, always friendly and remember my order.  

                The papusas here were fine as papusas go.  You kind of need to smother them in the homemade hot sauce and cabbage to really give them some flavor.  Also, I didn't mind the wait but it would have been nice if my papusas had been a little crispier on the outside.  I don't know if it's worth going way out of your way for, but certainly for locals it's a solid place to satisfy your papusa fix if you've got a hankering.  Finally, not that they taste any different from your typical lager, but I appreciated that they had a couple Salvadorean beers available to have with your meal.  

                The pupusas are really good a bit over priced as I can get equally good pupusas at another place for a better price in hayward. But the price is the only thing I can really complain about. The pupusas great, I love that they updated their restaurant it looks very nice. Oh yeah I do wish they had some that spoke English working because when you try to use the check in coupon off of yelp they don't understand and when I try to order a "to go" order over the phone. It's very difficult. I guess I could always go in to order but it takes them forever to make and cook the pupusas. That's my rant....  

                UPDATE! This place is still great! Updated menu! Really great food and staff!  

                A pupuseria in Newark! I just hope this place stays because there's been a handful of taquerias in this little spot that have come and gone. Great food! It's hard to find Salvadoran food out here (all the good spots are in daly city/sf) so i'm super happy this place is here. The platanos fritos made me think of being a kid when my grandma would cook them and the pupusas were super fresh, fluffy and oh so full of greasy goodness!  Salvadoran food is totally slept on, we need more people eating it! Let's keep this place open people!  

                I went this evening for dinner & had the chicken soup- which was delicious!!! My daughter got a chicken quesadilla and it was delicious also, very full of flavor. They are a bit on the pricey side, but other than that- no complaints.  

                I tried this place out based on yelp reviews. Wow was yelp wrong. Selection was ok. Flavors ok.  The place needs to be cleaner such as tables and floors. I didnt see cooks wearing a hair net. Very not impressed.  

                Great place for pupusas and just about anything else. Platanos fritos are amazing.  If you like the "real" stuff, then this is your place.  

                Good options. Made to order. Bright cheery place.  Delicious! Perfectly prepared. Would love to come back! Got bean and cheese pupusa and fried plantain... So good! Geoff got chicken enchiladas and loved them.  

                I was looking for an authentic place, I wanted the best pupusas and I sure did find them here. It's a small little place but don't let that fool you because the food I tried was great. Very satisfied with this restaurant, I will definitely be going back.  

                Great new food type for me, thought i was in the mood for taco's actually had Papusas and Loved the first experience!  

                Only 3 meat selections for tacos @ 1.50 each. Carne asada, pollo and pastor. They were out of chicken today so I am only trying pastor and carne asada.   They really specialize in Salvadoran food . I should have tried a chicken tamale @ 1.75.  Got my food. Ordered 3 carne asada, 2 pastor, they brought 3 ea. Mild salsa in pitcher, hot salsa in squeeze bottle. Mild good, hot just hot.  Pastor not much flavor, carne small bits, ok flavor, dry, but really good doused in mild salsa. Will try another place next time.  Reasonable service time, but after lunch rush.  

                Their horchata is delicious! The puposas are so soft inside. The outside is crunchy and delicious! The cabbage slaw is a welcome hit of acid after all that gooey cheese. I will be back!  

                On my drive home I started authoring this review in my head and all I could think about was how much I want their food in my mouth. Going back for the 3rd time in 3 weeks. The food simply put is amazeballs, orgasmic even. Everything was great, the pupusas the burrito, the torta wow wow and wow. The beans sofa king good.  It does take a little while to get your order, but I'd wait twice as long cause it's that great. Bring someone that you enjoy talking to and have a conversation while your great food is being made. Quality takes time whiners.  

                Best pupusas in the world!!! If you ever get the chance to try rositas out, you will not regret it!! I tried pupusas for the first time in Hayward on mission and they were pretty nasty. I never wanted to eat them again. About a year later my girlfriend tells me she had the best pupusas she's ever had. I was holding a doubt about even eating them again. I told her to get me one so I can try it out. Best decision I ever made! I've become a regular there. They are so nice and never lower their standards great quality food. I suggest anyone to try the pupusas revueltas. Bottom line... Rositas is the place to go!  

                Been here twice now and I will keep comming back. Most of the other reviews are correct as well. You WILL wait a bit for your order but that's because nothing is pre-made (OK beans, etc... OBVIOUSLY), if you don't want to wait call your order in before you go.  The hot sauce is the best! Next time I go I'm going to see if they will sell it by the jar.  Great food and a great price you won't go wrong!  

                This is what a Taqueria should be...at least in my opinion. Totally low key (I got there before the lunch rush, around 11:30 am) and plenty of places to sit. You order first. It was my first time there and I wasn't sure what to get. I got two pupusas - one chicken, one pork. I also threw in a chicken tamale at the end. The pupusas were really good, especially with the spicy tomato sauce/salsa they give you in a squeeze bottle.   However, the surprise was the tamale. It was hot and fresh, and they give you some green sauce with it. The two together were amazing!!! The flavor of the sauce went perfectly with the tamale. I highly recommend you try it out at least once.   I also saw they had pupusas with camarones as a special. I'll have to try that next time.  

                Loveeed the pupusas and the hot spicy sauce was the bomb! However, the coslaw was old and not fresh. The Tamales, pork, has very good texture but the meat was too little. The steak tacos was great but I wished they have salsa or some sauce on it. I would be back for the pupusas!  

                Strawberry smoothie is well worth ordering. For a Thursday evening not packed and a lot of parking available.  A good spot to enjoy solo or to come in a group.  

                The BEST papusas in the area. I've driven past this place a million times, so eventually one night I hopped on yelp to see what everyone else was saying about this place. To my surprise, the reviews have been really good! Sure enough, we called in our order and picked it up 15 minutes later.... took it home and was pleasantly surprised on how good and fresh everything tasted!  Can't wait to go back and try out other things on their menu! Thank you yelp!  

                I get one chicken pupusa and one zucchini pupusa, get fried plantains w/ beans and crema to share  

                My wife is salvadorean and Mexican. I've never tried salvadorean food until I met her. We've searched all over for places to eat, usually finding spots in San Jose or nowhere near home. Low and behold, a spot literally down the block!!!!  Where has this piece of heaven been all my Newark life?!?!   Holy smokes! Pupusas are bomb!!! I picked up some tamales de elote (corn tamales) like my great grandma used to make! I'm in love!  

