                Stopped in on the way home from a road trip to Klamath. Had good reviews on Yelp, and I can easily see why! The food is great! The Disco Fries were amazing. I had the Midnight Express burger cooked a perfect medium-rare. The pretzel bun was ridiculously good! Would go out of my way to eat here again!!!  

                Coming back from Lakeport in the middle of the afternoon somewhat limits your food options. After traversing the route back to 101 I remembered a recent review in the PD about Railroad Station Bar and Grill in Cloverdale being a good pub for food and drink.  Got there just after the start of Happy Hour and the $2.50 pints of PBR were cold and refreshing. Railroad Station boasts that they have the "freshest and juiciest burgers in the land". My wife ordered one with applewood smoked bacon and Tillamook cheddar cheese. Large grass fed burger (at least 6 ounces) came out perfect medium as ordered and was JUICY, as in several napkin juicy. Served on a pretzel bun which held up well and also included crispy fries and a small side salad.  Not in the mood for a burger, I asked the server what he liked. His recommendation of the fish tacos were spot on. Three huge tacos stuffed with large chunks of lightly battered fish, lettuce, chipotle dressing, pico de gallo and guacomole. Tasty and with some kick, these were a treat.  If you are traveling up (or down) 101 the Railroad Station Bar and Grill in Cloverdale is a good choice for lunch or dinner.  

                It doesn't look like much, but the food and service are very good.  We had to eat quickly, so I'll write a better review on my next trip -- its very convenient when headed to the coast.  

                We enjoyed our dinner on 4/18/14.  We ate outside- service was good as was the food.    I enjoyed the Sonoma Burger w/ a grilled chicken breast and side salad.  I ordered a glass of Parducci Pinot Noir $8.00 as I wanted to try something new.  My boyfriend liked their Racer 5 $3.00 during happy hour and also tried a flight $7.00 during happy hour- not sure what came w/ it but he said it was pretty good.  He ate their black/blue burger w/ fries.  Our total bill was $48.18 which was reasonable and we left happy!  

                Stopped on in in our way out to the coast..  Nice small communal atmosphere. The CALAMARI, was awesome. . The wait staff was excellent, and I will definitely stop on in again.   P.S. Try the fried chicken.  

                We came here because it was on Brew Dogs and that's the best show ever, so naturally, we'd be curious. It was foretold that they had a massive beer selection and great food.   Our server was patient and helpful; I didn't get her name, but she was a brunette working behind the bar.   Upon viewing the beer list, it was large, but not really so impressive. Maybe that's my own problem, but when I see a huge list of domestic bullshit mixed in with craft stuff, it just looks like they're trying to buffer it. Separate the domestics and the craft beers! I will say that my Shipyard XXXX was fantastic.   Also, everything was way over-priced. I'm not sure what compels them to charge $9.50 for SIX tiny hot wings and four pieces of vegetable, but whatever. The beers were also slightly pricier than you'd expect and their bacon blue cheese burger is $14.50? The fries were incredibly soggy and flavorless and cold. The iceberg bag-mix salad was covered in some orange dressing that tasted like Tang and that dressing was all over the plate, making the bottom of the burger soggy. Overall, I was disappointed and won't be returning.  

                Wasn't sure what to expect but was very pleased. The place was hopping and the staff was really moving! Very nice too. The cook came out to make sure the food was OK. Fabulous! They have a wide variety of beers, including their own home brews. We'd definitely cime back here!  

                We've driven through Cloverdale so many times on the way to/from Mendocino. Often I've checked to see what lunch options were available and nothing intrigued me...but this time I spied a veggie burger....veggie sides...and beer. Woohoo! We could eat before making it to Healdsburg.  The place is one long room with the bar at one end and tables at the other and high ceilings. There are a lot of TV monitors throughout the place but thankfully not all were screening sports. In fact while we were there one screen showed Olympic women's hockey and another had "Ellen." ;-)  Our beer arrived quickly and I really enjoyed a tangerine wheat ale...very refreshing. Too refreshing. I was able to work my way through the pint and still no food. When the food finally  arrived they made a mistake which was kind of egregious for me since I'd specifically requested nothing added to the burger or bun and it was this spicy mayonnaise sauce...so...they had to take it away. And I waited.  I overheard other tables having service problems. It became clear that service was a big issue here and I hope they're able to improve because...  I enjoyed the veggie burger once it arrived...in a more pristine fashion...and the mashed potatoes were wonderful.  

                The new ownership has a great showing of great burgers, beers and such for the environment!  Great place for food to watch a game and ownership is super accommodating!  Love it!  

                Plenty of unique choices and great service! This was a nice stop for lunch during a road trip. The bacon bloody Mary, Brussels sprouts (and I usually avoid these veggies), french fries, burgers, and Mexican meatball soup were all hits with our group. We also got the bananas foster which was delicious but the bananas were slightly overdone. If we're ever passing through again we'd definitely stop.  

                Went here last night and omg they have the best burgers. The meat was very juicy and had plenty of flavor. I will definitely come back here next time we're in the area. The service was great, bathrooms were clean and the restaurant as well. I don't know about their other dishes but the burgers are to die for.  

                The food was great. Had fish tacos and it was delicious. Clean place. Unfortunately it smelled like Clorox while I was there and it was not too pleasant to eat with that scent. Would come back. Service was good.  

                Delicious burgers hands down delicious  wide selection of beer  friendly staff that let you unwind at your own pace nice gem hidden in cloverdale definetly didn't expect to find a place like this in a small town  

                Stopped by for beer and Chicago style dog. The hot dog was EPIC! It had peppers, relish , onion, and tomato slices piled into the bun.  I'm going back to try other food from their interesting menu.  I need to add that the place looks squeaky clean and service is fast as well as friendly. PS---Went back with my wife Saturday night and the place was crammed which resulted in over a 1 hour wait for food that in turn was good but not as spectacular as the first visit.  The quality of the food suffered to a degree and the service was ridiculously slow because they were full---they comped our meal but it was still an unpleasant experience because of the slow service. How the hell are they going to stay in business if they can't maintain quality and expeditious service just because they are busy?  The slow waitstaff cost them a star as well as 2 free meals.  

                drafted 4/6/2012  Liked this place a lot! It's nice to have more dinner options in Cloverdale. I was impressed by the remodel of the building because it seemed to be following the gastropub trend that we are seeing these days without being too painfully hip. The dining room and patio looked comfortable and fit right in with the town, not over the top or too theme-y. The food was great! I was looking all over the menu but my friend raved about the burgers so I had to go for that. It is hard to find a restaurant burger much better than this one, and it was satisfying and worth the restaurant price. It was huge! Normally I would just eat half and save the other half for later, but I was hungry and managed to finish it by drinking only water.  It was a great touch that it came with delish fries AND a little greens salad, but I definitely couldn't finish them.  

                This is our new favorite place! The burgers are stellar, we like the Bacon Cheddar, and the Sonoma - mushrooms, jack and avo are delish. Served on soft pretzel buns with all the trimmings and the onions are grilled. Oh yum. Comes with a citrusy side salad and super crispy skin-on fries. Best burgers ever - big, juicy and flavorful. We like to pair it with Old Rasputin Imperial Stout. The Fish Tacos are heavenly too. They have a great menu and wonderful gracious staff. The wine and beer selection has a nice variety of well priced standard and micro brewed beer and wine selections. The place is really nice and the outdoor seating is our favorite with nice teak tables and chairs. I also noticed that they have an very long and creative mixed cocktail menu too. I don't think anything here would disappoint. We are so happy we took a chance and found a new fav!!!  

                I'm not usually a burger person, but these were really good. They use grass fed beef from local farms and the sauces are made from scratch. The calamari was light and fresh. We had lunch on the quaint outdoor patio. It was very sunny outside, but they have huge umbrellas for shade.  

                The new ownership has a great showing of great burgers, beers and such for the environment!  Great place for food to watch a game and ownership is super accommodating!  Love it!  

                Great staff excellent menu & nice selecting of brews. #EnjoyYourLife  

                We showed up about 10 minutes before the kitchen closed, but received a very delicious meal.  My son had the Sonoma Burger,  which he enjoyed.   My hubby loved the calamari.  It was fresh, light and crispy.  I had the mac and cheese.   It was very good.   Our server was gracious and nice.  Also the comment about the water is true, it's very good and I don't normally drink restaurant water.   Loved the recycled Grolsch bottles they use to serve it in.   The crowd was entertaining.   People should remember drinking can lead to embarrassing conversations but entertaining for us to listen to.  In a pinch a great place to eat at.  

                I ordered a stuffed tomato sandwich. It tasted like bad diner food. The tomatoes werent stuffed. They were sliced with canned artichokes and what tasted like bad spinach dip and fake cheese on top. The bread tasted stale or was frozen and thawed. Not fresh. The fries were soggy. The salad dressing just tasted like grapefuit juice on lettuce. I wouldnt eat there again  

                This is not a place for the prissy and silly Yelpers who consider themselves cosmopolitan foodies.  Has that good redneck bar atmosphere that is hard to come by in the great North of CA.    Place is loud and patrons are louder.  Really good bar food, really good burgers, really good fries, really everything on the menu is good.  Plates come full of food, so come with an empty stomach or a doggy bag.  

                We are Cloverdale locals so we don't have a lot of restaurants to choose from. The food is pretty good, but the service has always been bad. In our last visit, we waited 10 to 15 minutes after our food came for the condiments. Sorry, but I didn't want to eat my burger without ketchup and mayonnaise. I asked both the waitress, busboy, and finally the bartender. We then waited a few more minutes until my burger was finally cold. This place needs a manager or an owner that cares. you'd think a discount? NOPE. Full price. NEVER AGAIN WILL I WASTE MY MONEY AT THIS PLACE.  

                This place is great!  Our waitress Melissa was the happiest waitress I've ever had and gave us great attention.  The food was also amazing.. Burger and fish tacos!!  We will come back!  

                Came here about a year or two ago and just have to say, BEST PO' BOY EVER. Great selection of food and delicious cocktails, love the decorations and it is a great new stop on the 101!  

                The rumor has it that this place has great burger. And............ it is true.   I am not usually the one who walks in a place and ask for a burger, but this place will make me wanna just to do that next time.  One thing that I don't like about burger is how the regular buns get soggy and just fall apart, not with these excellent pretzel buns! With a nice, thick, hand packed patty, it is cooked perfectly to order. They leave all the fixing on your plate, so you can fix up your burger anyway you want. I prefer that anyway. They don't put so much sauce that you can actually taste the fresh juicy beef.  Okay, enough about the burger, the drink selection is quite good here. With about 8 beers on tap, regular cocktail is about $10. But they have a daily special that is a $3 beer, and a $6 cocktail. That's a great deal!  Service here is fast and attentive, and the food came fast.  The extra bonus here, the 8 big HD tv that was playing the Giants game! Well, and other sporting events. I can see why this place is definitely the local place where folks coming in with their team sports jackets.  

                Great selection of bottled beer, tasty bar food, and friendly service. The mixed drinks were balanced.  Battered fish tacos had a good tang to them. I enjoyed our server as she was knowledgeable of the local events and had a few suggestions for me since I was only staying a day.  

                Prices have shot up to Healdsburg levels, while the service has completely gone into Never Never Land: Five employees wandering the floor listlessly. A no-nonsense manager could likely snap these disinterested zombie-eyed youth out of their apathy, but until then this is a nice little space rife with potential and little else.  The food remains decent, but the lack of care drags the whole mood down.  

                Pretty darn good small town comfort food. I had the inferno fries, they were so delicious I was eating them far past the point of being full! I also had a side salad, a little less iceberg lettuce would have been nice but overall there were quality greens, just make sure you request the dressing on the side if you don't want it premixed in your salad. My boyfriend had the bacon cheeseburger and added avo which they were not stingy with, it came on a delicious golden brown pretzel bun that looked more bread shaped than pretzel which was a relief. Service was good food came out in a timely matter and the bar atmosphere was not at all off putting like one might expect! I usually steer clear of bar and grills expecting a mostly grilled menu but that was not the case, the burgers also had the option of being chicken or wrapped in lettuce with no extra charge. We are both very satisfied and will be back again!  

                Food is good, service could be better. I had the Ruben which was good. I also got the disco fries (cheese and gravy), the gravy was too salty for my taste. I would probably come back.  

                When in California, there are worse problems than bad service. With that being said, I'm Not sure why this place is highly rated because our experience was POOR.  Railroad Station deserves one star but was awarded two stars because the manager/bartender addressed the problems rather promptly,.  We didn't point out the issues but she read the situation and stepped up when she was needed- she deserves five stars.   We arrived after a cross country flight and long drive to this Cloverdale establishment expecting a decent meal. We sat on the patio in 93 degree weather - so we were definitely "those" people- waited several minutes before greeted with water and menus. After fifteen minutes and my boyfriend going inside to ask for someone, a server approached us for our drink order. He explained he was new and told us no one told him he had a table on the patio.   We ordered drinks, apps, and entrees with him immediately. He came back to say they were out of the roasted artichoke and asked if we'd pick another appetizer. We asked about the Spin-Artichoke dip, and the server went inside to check with the kitchen that it was still available, and it was available. We ordered the Spinach Artichoke dip but we never received our appetizer.   They were out of the wine we ordered but bartender/manager on duty fixed it right away with a very lovely recommendation.   The entrees were fine- the salad greens were not dressed (even though I was told they were by the food runner AND my server). The vegetarian burger was a complete mess and fell apart when eating, the chicken sandwich must have been pretty awesome because my boyfriend ate it in a matter of seconds.   Maybe it was the combination of the hot weather patio sitters, new server, and a bad day with kitchen- but I would not recommend this place.  I may consider it IF I'm there hanging out with that bartender/manger that seemed to be the only person on staff to have her wits about her.  

                Excellent service! Friendly staff! Informed waiter and bartender. Excellent selection of beer (over 30). I had the fish tacos and they were huge and delicious. The ambiance is of a roadhouse, so cool! Also 6 plasmid on the wall offer entertainment for those interested. Highly recommend!  

                Good food and service.   I stopped by for lunch: kids mac 'n cheese, Sonoma burger, calamari,  & not your mom's brussel sprouts.   All tasted great!  

                I keep wanting to like RR Station, but I just can't get there. I was hopeful that my third trip would be the tide turner, but no. Waited over an hour to have our order taken. No, they were not busy. There were 2 tables occupied, both were eating. On my first trip,  I chalked up the poor service due to the fact that they were new. They should have the kinks worked out by now, right?  Waiting an hour and 40 minutes to be served is just not how I want to spend my time. Granted, their menu looks wonderful, full of things I would like to try, but I won't be back. Breaks my heart but I cannot suffer through poor service.  

                Great place! Only was passing through Cloverdale, but stopped here twice over the weekend. Had a burger the first time and some buffalo shrimp the second, both were great. Also had the BACON BLOODY MARY which was awesome.   Other people I was with had the fish tacos, tomato grilled cheese, and chocolate martini. I had a taste of theirs and it was amazing.  I might have to make more trips up north just to stop here!  

                Some friends and I stopped here on a weekend road trip on our way to Camp Grounded (summer camp for adults).  With its great road side location, the restaurant easily caught our eye and we decided to take a chance on the unknown (seemed a better option than the standard gas station/rest stop/fast food options)  I'm glad we stopped. The meal and service were excellent, the burger flavorful, and the beer menu impressive.  I had the Midnight Express Burger, a Bison chocolate stout, and a bacon Bloody Mary.  The meal was so good that 3 days later on our return home we stopped there again, but this time several new friends from camp joined us.  

                We tried this place as we have frequented nearby Ruth McGowan's for many years and were having issues with some of their menu changes.  We found the food here to be overpriced and not so good.  Overdressed salad, soggy fries.  Two stars because the server was nice.  We're back to our original brewpub.  

                We stopped here for lunch and the fish tacos were really good.  The kids menu was your typical items, reasonably priced and the kids enjoyed their meals. Decor was casual and service was great.  If you like watching sports on TV when you eat, this is your place.  

                Okay, so some of the other reviews are fairly accurate when they describe the weirdness of the food. Both my friend and I ordered the stuffed tomato sandwich, which had tomato, artichoke dip, and melted American cheese all over it. The fries were extremely salty, and indeed the salad dressing was hidden in the middle of the salad. However, our service was fine, the drinks were great, there was an awesome beer selection, and it was Monday, so it was happy hour all day . All in all, it was better than what I had expected.  

                We stumbled on Railroad Station while heading north on 101, it was a great find! Very nice outdoor seating available with great food. We enjoyed the nachos as well as yummy Mac and cheese!  

