                NOM NOM NOM!! Probably the best SALT AND PEPPER FISH I have had to date!   This place is pretty freaking delicious! Don't let the interior and exterior fool you.  Their food is made with some obvious love.  Not to mention, the portions are pretty big.    I was lured here from all the rave reviews while I was one day looking for some good chinese food.  Let's get to what was ordered during my first visit here with the bf..   bbq pork fried rice salt and pepper fish honey walnut prawns beef and string beans homemade dumplings (on the house with order $25 or more)  everything was super tasty and the free appetizer made it that much better.  Bet you I'll be coming back :)  

                Nearing the end of my quest to find the best Chinese restaurant in San Leandro. Stopped in here for dinner.  This is nice local restaurant with surprisingly decent food.  We had the Singapore noodles which was very generous with the shrimp,BBQ pork, cabbage and pepper.  Lots of flavor and huge portion.  Also had the appetizer portion salt pepper pork ribs.  These are not like the great Wall ribs and had lots of bones but good flavor.  I liked the Great Wall better because theirs had more meat to bone ratio.  My wife had to have the house special egg fu yung (EFY).  The portion size again was huge.  lLots of veggies, shrimp on top, BBQ [pork and zucchini and broccoli, which beats the other EFY elsewhere.  It needed some flavor though.  It lacked seasoning which could have made it outstanding.  We couldn't eat it all.  At least one more meal if not two.   Service was good.  This is worth another visit to try the chef's special honey walnut chicken.  They had an appetizer sample plate that looked like a whole meal. $8.75 for 2 egg rolls, 4 wings, 5 prawns, and 3 crab rangoon.  I should have ordered that.  

                have been  a loyal customer for at least 14 or more years.  I've always put up with the fact that they add on extra tax to their orders with out even blinking an eye.  The food is good.  But, I will no longer patronize this establishment because of poor customer service.  On too many occasions to count, I have ordered food for work and big parties, spending lots of money.    On January 22, 2015.  I called in to order 2 party trays.  The total was $50 with the tax, it should have only been $54.88.  The lady gave me a total of $56.00.  Fine.  She offered a free appetizer and I asked could I possibly have an order of noodles which was .25 cents higher than theit top appetizer.  She flipped out on the phone and starting screaming at me like a crazed fool and said that I was trying to "trick" her.  I then went on to explain that if I really wanted to trick her I could have called in 2 orders, one for each tray and gotten 2 free appetizers.  I then told her to just forget it and add the noodles to my order and that I would pick an appetizer. She continued to scream in the phone and explain to me how good their food was!  The clincher was that she said she was refusing to serve me and slammed the phone down in my face.  Good food or not, poor customer service has cause them the loss of all of my family and coworkers never ordering from there again. I have a big family and I work for a big company.  Life goes on....  

                The restaurant is very tiny and seems to be the go to for to-go food. Came here due to the yelp reviews but I found nothing above your low grade chinese food. One star for no MSG. One star for service. The lady was nice and there was nothing to complain about except we weren't served water. One star for free. If you need a quick bite and don't care about quality then this is your place. The quantity is generous and its chinese.  The food we had: -Hot and sour -green beans -veggie chow mein -asparagus and tofu  Again nothing extraordinary! Happy Yelping!  

                First time here. Good food  

                From the outside you can't tell but the food is good. It's a true hole in the wall type of restaurant. The owners are very friendly and the service is good. We ordered a egg flower chicken soup that fed 4 people and a child, potstickers which were house made, mongolian beef, schzechuan chicken, mixed vegetables that consisted of egg plant, bean curd, bell peppers. We even hot a free appetizer, possibly because we ordered a lot or that one of my friends had come there before.  If you're in the area, give it a try.  

                Delivery takes a little time, but the food is good and stays warm. I love the crab cheese puffs and sesame chicken.  

                Food is great 85% of the time when calling to place an order I hate when the lady answers she is very very very rude, the man should stick to answering the phone,  my favorite thing is their sesame chicken 9.5/10 my bf loves the salt and peppered prawns but they sometimes aren't that great 8/10. Walnut prawns are 6.5/10  

                ADDICTED to their "SALTED FISH , CHICKEN FRIED RICE"  & "HOME MADE DUMPLINGS"   Oh Hell almost everything i tried at he Rose Garden I liked. its hard to find decent Chinese food here in Hayward, but after finding this place i'm good to go now.  What can i say, i love that stinky flavors of salted fish, and they blend it well with their chicken pieces, egg, lettuce, and fry their rice perfectly. Not too soft, just right! YUMMY!  Now their dumplings I came across by accident, since i bought over $26 in tasty chinese food, they gave me a free order of their dumplings! WOW!  other dished i love here is the Mongolian Beef! how the heck can you not go wrong with tender slices of beef , ginger, onions, and spiciness.  The place has a dinning area, but  they do deliver, so i do take advantage of this. What can i say good food, good prices, very friendly. Cantonese style cooking, rocks!  

                This place has fantastic food and people!! Whether you go in and pick it up or call and order delivery, you will be satisfied. Great prices too! The guy who delivers in my area is awesome.  I'm under the weather right now and am thrilled that I have some of their hot and sour soup on the way!  

                My mom digs this place so I thought I'd give it a try  I ordered a pretty big order and got it delivered it was super quick and the dude fist bumped me  Best food ever lmao  

                THE best of everything! When Caree Outee closed down, we went searching for a new Chinese food restaurant, and found this diamond in the rough! Ordering can be a little challenging at times, but as good as the food is, that minor flaw is easily overlooked. Dish that is the best: hands down honey walnut prawns and general's chicken  

                Rose Garden is TOTALLY our place for yummy Chinese food!  They're sooo fast - I mean, you call with a huge order and they say "Ready in 15mins"...and they mean it! The food is super tasty!  They also offer a free appetizer with orders $25 or more!  I'm only knocking one star because it's not the nicest looking place.  The dining room is not very inviting - I always order to-go.  But over all, it's yummy food at a reasonable price!  

                I am a huge fan of this place.  One of my friends actually said that this place was the best chinese place in the Bay Area.  Hard to believe, because I drove up to it, and it looked pretty run down.  It is located across from Bay Fair mall.  Hecka ghetto places.  No way.  Even when you walk in the place, it is not what I would have imagined to be a great chinese food place.  So, my friend and I ordered soup and some food.  My gosh....  the Egg Flower Chicken Soup was AMAZING!  Then, the food started to roll in.  Tomato Beef...awesome.  Dumplings homemade style was great.  Fried won ton cream cheese with crab was the best I have ever had in my life.  Already been back 3 times, and I will continue to come back.  Rating: Food:  5 Price:  4.5 Service:  5 Overall:  5  Hands down, best chinese restaurants that I have had in years or even in my life.  

                This isn't authentic Chinese food - It's Americanized. To me, this is an enhanced Panda Express.  My friend introduced this place to me about 8 years ago and I've been coming here on and off. I love their food, especially the hot & sour soup, crab rangoon, and Sichuan shrimp.  Don't be fooled by the name of "Sichuan shrimp", it's not spicy at all. It's more like orange chicken but with shrimp - It's sweet and sour. I haven't found anything like this anywhere else.  I wish this place was closer to my house and in a better neighborhood. It always makes me nervous when I come here (especially by myself).  

                Order: Duck lunch             Hot and sour soup             Bok choi  Stay away from the duck isn't like china towns.  It tastes weird..  Everything else was delicious!  

                Rose garden is a hole in the wall restaurant.  There are only a few tables and the atmosphere is of that of a takeout place.  The service was minimal but they brought out the things we asked for.  Since it lacks the atmosphere, one would only go there for the food and that was questionable.  Some dishes were pretty good and some were not.  It is a bit difficult to complain since the portions were large and the price inexpensive.  Fried crab puffs:  Too limp, too much cheese & not enough flavor Fried chicken wings:  The batter was not seasoned and the seasoning of the wings were inconsistent (some wings had enough salt in the meat but some didn't). Fried tofu:  It was my favorite dish in terms of flavor but unfortunately some of the tofu were on the verge of going sour (too old).  It is unacceptable to serve food that might make people sick.  Fortunately no one got sick. Chow fun: It was the blandest chow fun I've ever eaten. Fried cod was asparagus:  This dish was the best dish we ordered.  The cod was tasty and not fishy.  It was fried well and the sauce was flavorful. Coconut shrimp:  The shrimp was fried nice but relied entirely on the sauce.  We had to dip a lot of sauce to get any flavor at all.  Sadly, there aren't any good Chinese restaurants in the San Leandro area so this will do if you are craving Chinese food and aren't willing to drive into Oakland.  At least you won't break the bank going here but stick to dishes that might sell well so you don't have to worry about old ingredients.  

                Excellent food and fast home delivery. Great customer service. Food was still hot and delicious! First time to try this place and definitely our new favorite spot!  

                Rose Garden has great food. I love this Chinese restaurant because they have great customer service and they delivery is quick. I love their Mongolian beef,BBQ spare ribs and combination rice.  

                Went here for lunch. I honestly don't know how these people stay in business.  For $7, you get soup, a main, and a cheese potsticker (don't know the name). It was literally a mountain of chicken and rice, and the crispy chicken was delicious.  This place is one of those locations where the owner is sleeping with the landlord or something, because if they were paying market priced rent there is no WAY this place would be able to survive. Eat here right away before they fold, because you can't get this much food for this price at this quality forever.  

                Hadn't had Rose Garden in years, and when I used to have it, it was always take out.  So for the first time we decided to actually sit and have lunch here.  We had the honey walnut prawns, which were the best thing out of everything that we ordered.  My mother ordered the Kung Pao Prawns and steamed rice-she said she liked it. I ordered the Kung Pao chicken with steamed rice and it was ok.  Like the other reviewers mentioned it is very Americanized and I think Panda Express is better.  The atmosphere of the place though was nice and my mom and I did have a nice relaxing lunch.  Their chocolate covered fortune cookies are really good.  

                It's always nice seeing a family ran business opposed to those large restaurant chains. Now I haven't had Rose Garden in a while, but I decided to come back after 3-4 months. And to my surprise, the owners still remember my face and greeted me with a warm smile and excellent service like always.  What more is there to say? The food is good, the service is great, and the best part is that the prices are cheap in contrast to the amount of food you're getting.   PS. Don't be fooled by the exterior of the place or the neighborhood. Like many of us, they're just honest people trying to make an honest living. Plus, they work 7 days a week! Now that's some dedication.  

                This was a mixed bag.  I took a group there for a dinner event. The interior of the place was less than lackluster.  I was lead to believe that it was a small but quaint establishment... they were half right!!!!  Two of my guest left after seeing the place.  To be fair it wasn't dirty or anything... just heh...  the person taking our order was nice if not a bit befuddled.  We decided on that we wanted but he was trying to get us to order items separately, he was trying to make our meal cheaper but ended up making things  chaotic.  In the end, we ordered.  The food was great!!! Hot and fresh!!! As good as any ritzy Chinese restaurant if not better.  He did miss one item from our order but we let it go.  Plus the Portions was... WOW!!!  Over all it wasn't the greatest place in the world but it was the worst.  If you want a nice cheap meal with a few friends this is a nice place.  BTW; 7 people were in my group, we got like ten dishes, final bill... $70 ($10 p a head for a meal that looked like it was over 100... BOSS!!!!)  They do cater too... I'd recommend them.  You might to use them more for take out than dine in; however, I think you will get more food if you dine in.  

                The food there is really good! The food always has really good flavoring! And their nice about fixing your food how you want it with different seasonings  

                Been going here for years.. good food decent price...The only one I mess with around here!... You know how you can tell if a resturaunt is any good?  Go there on a Friday night. If there not busy..probably not that great..  

                This place has the best chicken chow mein ever! :) I love noodles..this place is a great location and good prices  

                Meh is really the only words to describe it. I currently have $32 of food sitting in front of me and I refuse to eat it.  I ordered: Potstickers (Free with $25 purchase) Salt and Peppered Fish Honey Walnut Prawn Mongolian Beef  Potstickers weren't too bad. Kind of sweet which was weird, but the fact that the potsticker wrapper wasn't too thick was a plus.  The salt and peppered fish was WAYYYY too salty and needed more jalapenos.  The honey walnut shrimp/prawn.... it was orange?? i've made honey walnut shrimp before and have eaten it at multiple chinese restaurants, but never has it been orange? It was disgusting.. PASS.  The mongolian beef was... eh, mongolian beef. Nothing special. Not spicy enough for my personal liking..   Overpriced, nasty, chinese food. Wouldn't order again.. So why is this place rated 4 stars?!  

                Is it the best Chinese food I've ever had? No, but pretty close. We had the salt pepper chicken and the Mongolian three flavors. Everything was really really good. The decor leaves a little something to be desired but don't let that fool you. The service was fast . The food was excellent and everyone was really friendly. And I'm giving it five stars because our bill was under $20.  

                I ran into a lady several months ago who ranted and raved over this place called the Rose Garden in San Leandro.  I'm always looking for a good Chinese restaurant nearby that delivers, so I Googled a menu and ordered a few items for delivery: Click link for menu... <a href="/redir?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.grubhub.com%2Fsf%2Frose-garden%2F&s=cdc8dc9c07ca698d7bcce796626f97ef19f9078f3a2fecaca42c9ba14d6148bc" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">grubhub.com/sf/rose-gard…</a> (prices are not current).  House Combo Fried Rice  Orange Chicken Prawns in Hot Garlic Sauce Family Style Tofu with Green Beans Tomato Beef Pan Fried Noodle Lover's Prawns Steamed Rice Pot Stickers (free appetizer with $25 purchase)  Total came to $54 including delivery.    Everything I ordered was excellent.  Only thing I didn't like was the pan fried noodles which were a little al dente, which I don't care for.  So, next time I will order the chow mein noodles instead.  But otherwise was very tasty.  And the they were pretty skimpy with the beef on the tomato beef pan fried noodles.  I used a debit card to pay.  The lady that answered the phone and took my order repeated three times that the driver needed to see both my credit card and ID.  Okay lady, I got it.  I am who I say I am.  Trust me, I have PROOF!  So, it sounds like this place has dealt with people using bad credit cards in the past.   That, was a little annoying.  But all in all, the delivery time and quality of food was very good.  This will be my new Chinese delivery joint.  

                Mmmmmmm man this is my go to for some good ass food. Hot & sour soup. Cream cheese ragoon, chicken chow mein, coconut shrimp. They need a serious deep clean of their restaurant so don't look too close at things and you'll be fine. Lol I had ragoon & chow mein tonight. So. So so damn good!  

                I visited this place today with high expectations after the reviews I read.  I am glad someone on the reviews stated not to go by the face of this location as the building itself it's a bit outdated and looks a little uninviting however the food met ALL of my expectations and to my surprice it also was a hit with my 6 year old and 3 year old that had entered the placed a little reluctant.  We had the Sesame chicken and the Teriaky chicken and both where unbeliavably DELICIOUS.  Glad to support what it looks like a family owened restaurant!  

                BBQ pork 6/10 could try harder  Salt n pepa chicken is best chicken  Soup is thick and tasty  Lock your doors if you're parking outside, we bayfair now.  

                Whenever I'm in the area or just passing by, i always have to atop to pick up some yummy fried rice & chow mien. I've had other items from the menu like the salt & pepper pork ribs & veggie platters and they never seem to disappoint. The best part of this place is that you can see them making your food fresh right behind the counter .  

                When everyone said the portions are big, they are HUGE. It is enough to share with someone else. We ordered a lunch special and it was big enough for two people. It is a whole in the wall but chairs, floor and tables where clean. It is good food but VERY greasy, but it is to be expected. We had tons of left over. The price is very reasonable for how much they give you. The service was fast and they had friendly servers. They brought out the good quick and served my son first which is always a plus when you dine with kids. My son loves fortune cookies and they where nice to give him extra cookies. My husband would give it 5 stars, he loved the Kung Pao. Oh, and high chairs is a plus two.  

                You're not paying less than $20 for two people but the portions are large and the food is good. Almost makes you want to go out and eat there, but when you get there it makes you want to take it home  

                Ab-so-lutely! This place rocks. I did delivery and they sure did deliver(see what I did there?)  Ginormous portions of fried rice along side some darn good Mongolian Beef. Super duper sides of won-ton soup and egg rolls that tasted great too.  I don't know what else to say. I enjoyed my meal and will definitely will get delivery again.  

                Good food. Good price$ always busy ne questions? Oh yeah NO MSG! So we moved out the area and we miss you Rose Garden... been getting really crappy chinese food lately were we live. So will be taking a drive for now on to get the best in the east bay!! this place is Sooo bomb!!  

                I love this place the food is great, and prices are even better.  Another plus they deliver for free.  

                Delicious their food is just delicious wow it took them 10 minutes to deliver my food perfect plus egg rolls are so fresh and crispy you can tell theyre fresh and spicy chow mean and spicy fried rice just delicious I Love this place  

                I love Rose Garden, i have been coming here for about 12 years. The food has never changed, the owners are awesome people who are super friendly! Its not the fanciest place on the inside but the food is delicious! i really enjoy the salt and pepper chicken, pot stickers, and the kung pao. All in all i highly recommend rose garden its an excellent place to eat.  

