                It's quite interesting to see the other side of Richmond. I recommend coming here on a nice sunny day. This restaurant has a nice view of the marina and pretty upscale.  We were seated by the bar,. The server was sociable and was also our bar tender.  Bread- they offer free bread , it's Rosemary and herbs.. It's ok.. A bit dry but went well with the olive oil and balsamic.  Entrees.. We ordered from the special .. They were in Italian , therefor I forgot the  names..  I had the spaghetti pasta in cream sauce with shrimp&smoke salmon.. It was delish!  My beb had steak with pepper on sauce, potatoes and asparagus.. He recommends  it... Overall, a  great experience  

                Today, I had a craving for a strong espresso & a Creme Brulee to get me in the mood for a long flight and my return to Europe.My colleague and I had a few business things to go over before I leave, so I suggested that we go back to Salute since it was close to her home and have a Creme Brulee. Mind you, 20 days ago I had a bad experience with a waitress at this restaurant after the $250 meal (which consisted of frozen chicken with the fat still on it) our party was charged $30 for gratuity. Disappointed with the service, I called the manager and she apologized & stating that her waitress was not refined. Of course I do not want to hear that her waitress is not refined, what I want to hear is that we are not being forced to give her a large tip for bad service! Instead the owner asked me to come in for a glass of wine to speak it over. I have an extremely busy schedule and informed her that I would not be able to come in any time soon.She(The owner) then informed me that she saw my review here on Yelp and that she would like it removed. After she explained that she is a small business owner, that come from humble beginnings of course I had empathy. I even told her that I would consider taking the review down. However, I wanted to see how real she truly was and wanted to wait until I went to the restaurant again to give them a chance to redeem themselves and prove me wrong.   Today I went back, I was immediately seated. I was approached by the waitress(this time she came rapidly) and asked what she could get me to drink.  I in formed her that I was waiting on someone and that I would simply like a glass of hot water and lemon to start with. I also asked for a menu even thought I wasn't very hungry, I figured I could go for something light or simply stay for dinner.  My colleague arrived and sat down. She and I couldn't decide if we wanted dinner or simply the creme Brulee that we came for. The waitress was still standing there and stated "Why don't I come back". Before the waitress walked away we were immediately approached by the owner. She stood over us and stated "I saw the review on-line and it's still there". I responded, Yes it is still there. The owner stated,  "Well, you told me you would take it down it's hurting my business". With the two of them standing over us (Yes, both of them) stood over us full of negative, nervous and low energy. The waitress stated "Yes, and I am here too!".As thought it was some type of double team, ambush, bully type of situation.   I was honestly under the impression that the owner would want to redeem herself of the bad waitress.  Boy was I wrong, the owner rushed away as she was unsatisfied with my answer. My Colleague, got up to take care of something. During that time waitress, approached me again and I still in shock that the two of the stood over me, I  stated "I don't think you not know who I am, do you think I am some type of push over or someone that will tolerate such disrespect that the two of you would stand over me like that? Your actions were very rude and disrespectful"  Once again, I stated "this is something we could have waited to talk about or you could have pulled me aside to communicate about".   At that point the waitress went to get the owner who then rushed over and stated "what would you like to order?" Still startled at the first interaction, I said "I don't even feel comfortable eating from here now, I am so sorry". I grabbed my phone and started to get up. She stood over me and said "Why?" I responded, " that because of your approach and the interchange the food might get spit in it". She (the owner) immediately started yelling, "I WOULD NEVER DO ANYTHING LIKE THAT!" I responded, please don't talk so loud your other customers might here you. She (The owner) then escalated and then started yelling "THE LAST TIME YOU CAME, YOUR CARD WAS DECLINED". I stated, "yes,and I called the bank and they told me that your waitress made some type of  mistake because that particular account had several thousand dollars in the account, more than enough to cover that bill and hundreds like it. I paid for the meal with another account it came up to $250, I was charge $30 for bad service. The $30 for a bad waitress is what bothers me. I never said the food was nasty, I just said the service was bad". She started yelling, " FIRST YOU CALL ME A RACIST, LOOK AT ME I AM BLACK, AND YOU REFUSE TO TAKE DOWN YOUR REVIEW! I NORMALLY DO NOT DO THIS BUT GET OUT!!!!" As I started to grab my things I stated, see look at your behavior, as a Psychoanalysis this in not appropriate, stop acting like this in front of people you could have pulled me aside for us to talk about it.  no I did not call you a racist.  I said that the incident was nothing more than a sense of internalized racism and classicism that's different than being a racist. She then said "I NORMALLY DO NOT DO THIS BUT GET OUT  

                I came here back in November and felt like I died and went to heaven.  It was that good!  Amazingly professional staff.  Friendly, knowledgeable, and great conversation.  There's plenty of vegetarian options available which makes this gal super happy!   It's right along the bay trail so you can have a nice walk afterward to help burn off a few of those calories!!   The brushetta is delish.   Anything thing here is delish.  You simply can't go wrong here, but be prepared for a massively expensive bill!  

                Had their spaghetti. Decent. Not bad. The place is more beautiful than there food is good. I'll try more and update the review.  

                I can definitely fairly review this Italian-themed restaurant with a very friendly Ethiopian owner! And it was great to see her beautiful self last night in the bar area!  I've now dined here for dinner, champagne brunch, and most recently, happy hour and pizza yesterday mid-afternoon, enjoying the rain in the marina from the safety of a warm bar filled with locals, a lit fireplace, and decent food.  The former Hawthorne's restaurant has been Salute for a number of years now... definitely over a decade. As such, it's like a modified house parked out on the marina, with various, separate rooms. It's cozy and a bit like eating at a B&B-feel.  The food never fully wows me... no matter what I order...But I can say that what endears me to this restaurant is the proximity for all MB residents.. (easily walkable from anywhere, and a perfect walk distance as well), as well as seeing your neighbors all with a pleasant disposition!  Of the 3 different menus, I enjoyed the very most champagne brunch. Nice selection of dishes, and not half bad. Last night, we got a gin martini ($5 from 3-6 daily), some calamari fritti ($11), a  $12 pizza contadina (worst of the food ordered. Consider: pizza from Renee Gourmet same price point!), and a HH plate of fish and chips ($7) Noted: not the healthiest order...but feels so good to eat fried when it's nippy outside.   Loved by locals, comfortable gathering spot, chill with the 2 flat screens and total of 2 fireplaces inside, and let the servers do their job and feed and ply you with libation.  

                Had a fabulous experience at Salute this past weekend. We had an adult cocktails and dinner birthday party for 16 people. We had reserved the indoor veranda, or patio room. It is beautiful with a wonderful view of the marina, boats and water. We are pretty detail-oriented, and had visited ahead of time to decide what arrangement of tables we wanted in the room, how many servers for our party, appetizers to be ready as the party began and so forth. Everyone we dealt with at Salute was very helpful and patient with us, and the party came off without a hitch. The drinks and food were excellent, as was the staff and service. I don't do parties very often, so this was a big one for me. Thank you for a wonderful event, Salute!!!  

                Occasion:  was invited to a lunch party here recently and the host of the party had me order my food in advance.  I can only comment on the food I actually had and not the other enticing items they had on their menu.  *The rosemary-flavored pane (pron. "pa-ne"), or rosemary bread, that our server offered us was soft and tender.... kind of like a very light, pillowy cornbread.  I mistook it for a foccacia-type of bread, but it wasn't.  It almost didn't hold its shape when I sliced it with a knife, but it soaked up the olive oil and balsamic vinegar quite nicely.  The combined flavors were so perfect in my mouth, I could eat 10 tong-servings of these bad-boys and call it a day!  :)  *The vegetarian minestrone was decent.... a bit sweet compared to what I'm used to, but it paired quite well with the savory rosemary bread.  And the amount of the soup wasn't too much.... I had just enough room for the main course and dessert.  *"Salmone alla Griglia" (grilled salmon, drizzled with pesto sauce, seasonal vegetables and rosemary roasted potatoes) - Delicious.  The vegetables were cooked perfectly... the beans were al dente (cooked through, but retaining a little crispiness on the outside).  The carrots and broccoli were tender, but not mushy.  The flavor had a slight butteriness to it (not overbearing) which I enjoyed.  The rosemary roasted potatoes, were misleadingly small.... but nevertheless provided the perfect amount starch when paired with a for-kfull of the buttery, flaky grilled salmon (which was absolutely not overcooked nor too dry).  *TI-RA-MI-SÚ!!!!  I don't often order this whenever I go to a place that offers it because I simply don't have enough room in my belly to fit it!  But this place has the portion sizes down just right for the other dishes (mentioned above) that I was finally able to enjoy this iconic Italian dessert.  It was a perfect end to a great lunch party!  So why only 4 stars?  I live in Daly City, so I don't often go this far to eat out... and I also cook quite a number of Italian dishes at home myself (just to get by because I can't afford a trip to Roma/Venezia/Firenze/Napoli).  But if there is at least ONE other reason for me make the trek to return to this hidden gem of a restaurant......aside from the great quality dishes offered and prepared here, the great service, and friendly/charming owner (I saw her on "Check Please Bay Area" on KQED, back in 2012, and I saw her in person not too long ago.... her warm and welcoming character is genuine; the real deal!).... well, it would have to be for me to try their Bistecca alla Fiorentina!!  Oh... I washed everything down with a nice glass of strawberry lemonade (I can't go wrong with the stuff)... but I should have remembered that their wines were aggressively priced (at least according to "Check Please Bay Area").  Next time, I'll explore what they've got.  :)  The parking... well, they have a decent-sized lot, but got filled pretty quickly around lunch time.  (in addition to my party and the regular public diners seated elsewhere, there seemed to be one or two other graduation parties being held simultaneously).  How we all managed to fit in the restaurant and the parking lot without a lot of fuss was astounding!  The orange detour signs the city put up around the area getting to here (currently, as of June 2014) threw my GPS for a whirl... but I managed to spot this place with not to much trouble.  

                This is one of my favorite local restaurant. Their food is always fresh and tasty. I ordered the Ribeye medium rare and it was cooked perfectly. The mushroom and sauce added a nice touch, but I would've like the sauce to be warm (the sauce was room temperature). Their sides are always fresh. The string beans and carrots were crispy and looks like it came from a local farm. Their mash potato was very fresh and taste good.  Their desserts are always delicious, especially their chocolate cake.  One suggestion I have is please change your menu or add some other specials. I've been here so many times that I've sampled all your dishes!  

                The food was outstanding they have specials during the week that include a free alcoholic drink how can you beat that !!! They also have a dessert cart they bring around that is soooo delicious! The views are nice and so are the staff I'm definitely going to make this a destination location!!  

                What a pleasant surprise out in the middle of "no where." Maybe it's not nowhere for others but it is certainly off the beaten path for me.   We went to the Craneway Pavillion and I wanted gnocchi and I found it here in this old style house that was super busy because of Mother's or Father's Day; I can't remember but it was a family thing.  The food was pretty good.  

                Abysmal experience.  Came with a group of 8. Our server was incredibly inattentive and we waited nearly two hours for our food.  When it did arrive, it was mediocre at best.  Will not recommend or return.  The owner tried to be nice about it but would have done a lot better of she had bothered to comp our drinks or ANYTHING for that matter.  To wait two hours for lunch is inexcusable.  

                This review is long overdue. Went there with my sister, her husband and my husband for New Year's Eve dinner. What can I say....awesome!!! The food, the service, the ambiance....like going to a top notch city restaurant. We think we have to go  Napa or San Francisco for such a treat...well not this time. We live in Richmond and didn't want to drive far and I am so glad we stuck close to home.  Bravo Salute!  

                People have been telling me about Salute E Vita for the longest time.  I promised myself that I'd go someday but figured that it would turn out to be mediocre and kitchy.  Well, I was wrong about that!  Five of us had a good meal on Christmas Night at a price that seemed fair and even a tad gentle.  It's bad form to trash Restaurant B when reviewing Restaurant A, but here goes, anyway: We started out by driving to the Dead Fish in Crockett, where we had a 7PM reservation.  The DF was overrun with people, quite a few of them looking like they were heading for knife fights.  We were given a vibrator and told we'd have to wait at least 15 minutes for our table, even though we had arrived exactly on time.  The Dead Fish was a total madhouse; evacuation was clearly the right move.  Our Opentable app told us that there was a table at Salute E Vita.  We reserved and drove down to Richmond.  We were seated as soon as we arrived.  The host-woman who greeted us was totally welcoming and charming, as was the server who took care of us during our meal.  We sat in the dining room, which is beautiful and comfortable.  The wines all seemed to be roughly in the same price range.  I ordered what I thought was the best of the sauvignon blancs -- the Ferrari-Carano fumé blanc, which was $33 on the wine list.  This wine sells for $14 full retail, so I don't feel at all that we ripped off.  It was very good, and I was pleased with my choice.  For dinner, I ordered the Caesar salad and then followed on with a cioppino.  I should explain that we had been handed a special "holiday menu" because it was Christmas night.  The main point of the menu was to make life easier in the kitchen by limiting diners' choices.  There was nothing vegetarian on the special menu, but our server said that it would be no problem if we wanted one or more of the vegetarian dishes from the regular menu.  (We never saw the regular menu, but our server described the options.)  The special menu did not seem to have special holiday high prices.  After we had polished off our main dishes, the dessert cart rumbled our way.  We ordered a slice of homemade cheese cake for the table and devoured it instantly.  It was dark at dinnertime, but I was able to look out at the harbor through the windows of the bar.  It's obvious that there are great views to be had for much of the year.  I'd be delighted to come back again, even soon.  Highly recommended.  

                We moved here over a year ago and used to go here all the time. We've been roughly 15 times. The last 5 have left everything to be desired. The food is frozen and reheated overnight nowadays. We ordered the mozarella sandwich for brunch, and the center of all three sandwiches was cold, one of them still had ice in the center.  The happy hour is a total joke - this place purports to be an italian restaurant, and honestly when we first started going around summer 2013, it was. They did Italian REALLY well! Now you can order a bunch of frozen and refried chicken wings, and all manner of nonsense american bar fare done very poorly in its place.  The manager snipes at you whenever she gets an opportunity. I literally did nothing else other than ask if my other side dish was coming and she threw her hands up and said "I ONLY HAVE TWO HANDS!" Maybe I came off as demanding, maybe it's partially my fault, and we all know the customer isn't always right, but these theatrics were pretty ridiculous.  Save your money, wait till it goes under or gets new ownership. The view and the distance from our apartment (we can walk to it in ~10 mins) can't be beat, but at this point it's basically lighting money on fire. It's a shame.  

                Marvelous, with a "mmmmmm"! The first time I tasted their chicken dish, I just closed my eyes and had one of those Ratatouille flashback moments.  It was as if this dish were a little secret between the chef and me.  Like finding out there IS a Santa Claus, from Santa Claus.  It was so tender, so full of flavor, the accompanying vegetables so perfectly not overcooked, it haunted me like a pleasurable daydream.   The next time I went, I picked out two alternatives, but when I opened my mouth to order, I found I was ordering it again.  BAM - just as good.  Since then I've been twice, brought guests, and forced myself to choose different dishes: really excellent salmon and really excellent pasta with sausage.    Then, last night, my wife and I went there for a date night.  I ordered the boneless beef short ribs.  I didn't think it was possible, but that is now my favorite restaurant meal. Ever.  I sat there practically crying with a profound sense of gratitude that I am alive and am lucky enough to be able to eat such a meal.    The waiter was perfect.  Understood exactly when to be there.  We left suffused with well-being and with a gift certificate to give at a wedding we'll be attending. Love the sunset and the lights on the water.  Love the feeling in the restaurant, the paint, the lighting, the candles.  Love the service.  But the food!  The food is so scrumptious that I want to bring everyone I love, to taste it.  

                I was a regular at this place for happy hour for a long time and would frequent Salute often with my teacher coworkers. We had had plenty of decent experiences which is why we would come all the time on Fridays and it was usually at least 6-10 of us at a time.   The first time we came in, I caught a whiff of pretentiousness, given the row of roses up a staircase that leads to...the manager's office, a honeymoon suite?? Who knows. Anyway, it felt like this establishment was trying really hard to transport their patrons outside of Richmond city limits and make them forget that they are still in Richtown, which is just fine for, I imagine, most of the people who are regular clientele.  After a long week of high school spirit week shenanigans, several of our staff members decided to stop fora few drinks and snacks at Salute. Our Athletic Director, who has more spirit than a full stocked bar, showed up in what he had been wearing all day: a purple mohawk and face paint. A restaurant staff member informed him that his dress was inappropriate and he couldn't stay looking the way he did. Despite being frequent customers who often rack up a decent bill, they couldn't cut him any slack and he was instructed to leave the premises. What a sad story. The happy hour menu was pretty good, too. Cheap margaritas and yummy seafood snacks.  We haven't been back since.  

                Bluepoint oysters are so good down here service is excellent and a fantastic bartender named Gon! The Staff is very friendly and attentive to your needs. Food is very well prepared! A little pricy but worth it! It does need to have better bar fare for those lite eaters. The owner does a great job taking care of you!  

                Where to begin. I went an early Saturday evening with a reservation and was seated immediately. It looked promising. After spending ten minutes perusing the brief menu, I was finally approached by the waitress. Now, it's early evening and the place was far from packed. Strike 1. The bread man was quite prolific (maybe he should be a waiter instead). When my drink order arrived, I had yet another 10 minutes before my meal order was placed. Strike 2. Highlight: the chef made something off menu for me and for that I grant a Strike.   The quality of food (worst beef carpaccio known to man with oh too any slices) point of note: they could charge the same price on a salad plate and gain more profit). The off menu item (veal parmagiana) was good, but I certainly have had better. Strike 2.  Finally, while the owner/manager was working alongside her staff, her attention to diners was lopsided. I personally have issues with those types who sit down with diners, engage in conversation, while other patrons are not afforded "the love."  Strike 3  Improve attention to small details and for goodness' sake, season your food.  

                Now that I've lived in Richmond for almost a year, and visited Salute E Vita a few times, I can create a mostly informed, somewhat thoughtful review.  I enjoy lunch here most, because I like seeing the water and checking out all of the boats in the Marina.   I like sitting at the bar too.  It's very bright, spacious, and always has an interesting crowd.   This is a house converted into a restaurant, and it's got a great, open, bright feeling- I like sitting in the far back of the house, where the wall of windows are, so I can see the Marina. I obviously love being on the water. Although the parking lot could use a repaving, and the house itself needs paint, repairs and landscaping, it kind of works for the area.  Which is, a redevelopment of an old industrial waterfront that's got a lot of history, part of our military industrial complex- giant shipyards which are no more-now, new condos and stuff breathing new life into the area (or trying!!)   Food wise it's kind of standard, not too spectacular Italian, with that Bay Area California twist. A little fresher than you might get elsewhere, thankfully. Yet, I have never been blown away, nor totally disappointed with the food, which is why it will stay at four stars- plus the service is always really nice and my man knows one of the bartenders!  

                Service...awesome, our waitress Gabriela was the best for our first time here! T-bone was juicy and flavorful, carpaccio was excelent, bottle of wine and a bunch of desserts, yumm. In general it was a great experience!!!!  

                We went to a company Christmas party here ..to begin with the service was so on point and attentive !! And the food was so fresh the flavors were amazing!! We will be back it's like finding a little jewel I want to keep all to myself..  

                Stunning location with views of the water and the yacht-filled harbor. Food was amazing too- we came for a benefit brunch for Ruby's Place, and Emergency Shelter for homeless women and children.   The food was amazing, coffee and mimosas divine. The fog burned off and the water was sparkling like diamonds.   The owner, Membai, spoke to us during the benefit and she shared her back story. She was from unimaginable hardship, orphaned at 10 years old, later homeless while 9 months pregnant and escaping an abusive relationship. Amazingly, she ended up at a shelter that Mother Theresa started.   Now she owns this beautiful restaurant, and her beautiful son is getting his doctorate at NYU.   The food and location stand out by themselves- but when you realize who runs and owns this place, it quickly becomes one of the best restaurants in the bay.   I feel honored to eat here.  

                In case you don't read on, the quality of the food and service is five stars, in my opinion - I'll explain the four star rating in a minute.   Here we go: I'm so glad that we finally came here after living nearby for almost 10 years. It is a gem! Service was excellent and accommodating to us - we came with our two children, and Harry couldn't have been more welcoming and helpful to them. He brought bread right away when my daughter said she was hungry, and made us feel better about her asking to leave the basil off her pizza by saying that he understood, having two children himself who would have asked the same.  All of our dishes were fantastic- we had the calamari, pizza margherita, fettucini alla Provinciale, lamb shank, short ribs and risotto, and linguini alla vongole. My only tiny complaint (which accounts for the 4 stars instead of 5) was that both of the pasta portions were very small. Yes, so they would be in Italy, but there, pasta is not a main course, which is what I expected. I was hungry after cleaning my plate, and I don't eat very much. So, order appetizers (we did not), and if you're hungry, you might not want to go for the pasta--the meat dishes (and pizza) were much bigger. Or, try the pasta as an appetizer for two. That said, the pasta was marvelous (and just like it would be there, according to my husband, who has lived there)--I just wish there had been at least 50% more of it (yes, it was that small).   Dessert was no less excellent. I only tasted the key lime tart, but it was among the best key lime custards I've had, and I've had a lot in the South. The graham crust was perfectly done, as well.  Getting there is easy if you just follow the directions they give on the website to exit at Harbour Fwy South, instead of Marina Bay Pkwy. Then you don't need to detour at all.   If you're nearby, you need to at least try it - I wish we hadn't waited so long. Beautiful view and building, too.  

                A friend read about this place and invited me to go. She saw this on Cheque Please. I looked on yelp and other sights and thought is sounded okay. Our meal was very good, the wait staff very pleasant and took good care of us. We liked the location and view. My friend loved the bread. The place was full with lots of people enjoying themselves. A good vibe. The wait was short although we had reservations and the wait for our meal to arrive was fine. We looked at the dessert cart for fun but were too full to order anything. We shared a pasta dish and yes, there pasta was not a large serving but we shared and with the two dinners was plenty.  

                I feel extraordinarily fortunate to have Salute as my neighborhood restaurant. I was introduced to this great place the first time I came to look at property in Marina Bay, and I was hooked. I have always had great food and perfectly attentive service when I have enjoyed meals or drinks here--and the Salute experience has always impressed my guests. This year, I was privileged to volunteer for Thanksgiving dinner, which was one of the best "pay it forward" experiences I've ever had. I will be back every year. There are lots of restaurant choices in the Bay Area, but there are few that are as memorable and heartful as Salute.  

                A great Italian spot on the Marina in Richmond. Great for dinner/lunch and drinks.  There is a happy hour daily. The pasta is amazing and the views are spectacular.  On warmer days you can sit on the patio and see great SF views.  Service is wonderful and the bar is nice.  Sunday brunch was unexpected and great. Awesome foccacia bread.  

                Great food & a wonderful waterfront location  

                My friends and I took a long bike ride with this restaurant as the destination because it was recommended for brunch.   I don't know that I would go back, but they had beautiful views and the food was pretty good on the brunch menu.  If you find yourself hungry nearby you should stop in because the staff was friendly and attentive and the food was decent:-)  

                Made special reservations for Valentines Day, never having came here before, parking was completely full, but understandable, hence it was valentines day. A very romantic setting, wonderful service, and delicious food! The drinks and desserts were very great as well, we will definitely be coming soon.  

                A friend & I went for brunch this weekend.  Shrimp frittata was delicious & my friend enjoyed the snapper.  Service was very good. It had been a while & I am so glad I rediscovered this lovely restaurant.  It was so nice to enjoy the water view & the good food.  I will be back again soon.  

                Hello Happy Hour!!! Recently I'm on a look-out for inexpensive fun, and $3 Blue Moon pints definitely qualify. The 3-6pm HH menu in the bar is definitely a great reason to get cozy in the bay window and enjoy the view.  Lunch and dinner are a different story. I've been here for business lunches at least a dozen times. The view never fails to impress, and convince clients that yes, there is a nice part of Richmond.   However, the food is a little pricey, and while tasty, is fairly simple. No pork-belly or other trendy food fads here, just simple, delicious traditional Italian. The veal shank, lasagna or cioppino are my go-to recommendations. There was a ravioli dish that once left me hungry... It was only 4 slightly larger raviolis and I expected more from an entree, but the lasagna and veal shank are guaranteed to satisfy.  The food is good, but it's a tad overpriced. You come here for the view - and the $3 HH Blue Moons!!! Woo hoo!!  

                Happy hour is so sweet! It's even better when the place serves food and drinks that are actually worth eating. This is definitely the case with Salute  Anchor Steam, Blue Moon and Sierra Nevada on tap for $3  The happy hour snacks are pretty good too... the fried clams were definitely the winner. The bruschetta was ok. The popcorn shrimp was really good.   The servers and bartenders are all super friendly  All this with a kick ass view of the Marina  I'll have to go back and try the normal food, but for happy hour it's a great place to go!  

                Highly recommend this place for lunch.   Perfect ambiance looks like a house in Martha's Vineyard! Pastas are great, vine, calamari, bread and desserts. The owner is a total sweetheart too. Bathrooms have sweet coconut soap and lotion even mouthwash! You can even hold private events here too! there's a private bar in the back.  

                Summary based on 1 lunch: --went here for a holiday work lunch --ok food, but fish soup was lacking flavor --over priced --service just ok. A waiter spilled wine on a guest, not me, and no offer of cleaning allowance. Just comp the meal for the person, at least. --easy parking --nice setting  Probably won't return  

                I'm giving stars for the location and facility, not the food- pasta was utterly tasteless.  

                Alan and I came here for lunch yesterday to support them after reading a newspaper article about the restaurant's struggles following the start of nearby road construction.  The article had mentioned the lack of signage directing you to the restaurant and it was true.  The detour is well marked, but if you had not been there before you would have had difficulty finding the place.  As is was, though we have been there many times over the years, it was still a struggle and would have been even more difficult at night, close to impossible for people less familiar w/ the area than we..  We arrived and found parking right in front.  We were seated at a table in the bar, which was a first.  We'd been seated several different places in the past, but never in the bar, which is spacious and bright w/ light streaming in the windows.  Our server was also the bartender and she was cheerful, upbeat and helpful.  We ordered calamari to start and decided to share a Caesar salad and house-made linguini w/ shrimp and crab in a white wine sauce.  The calamari was beautifully cooked, a generous portion w/ rings and tentacles w/ a tartar sauce and a marinara on the side.  It was as good as any calamari we've had here in the past.  The Caesar salad was delicious, w/ a well balanced dressing that was also clearly house-made.  The pasty was heavenly, w/ a good bite.  The shrimp and crab were fresh and tasty, augmented by cut up cherry tomatoes and the sauce was blended well so that none of the ingredients predominated.  It was a lovely lunch.  I hope the restaurant survives the difficulties caused by the construction.  We have written a letter to Richmond City Manager Bill Lindsay detailing our experience and asking for improved signage to direct people to the restaurant.  

                I have been coming here for many years, and stopped going when I stopped working in Richmond. This used to be THE PLACE to meet for drinks and dinner after work! I am thinking it must still be the case. Great views from inside the bar and restaurant. Decent Italian food. I love their calamari appetizer... they do not over-cook the squid, and they put in plenty of tentacles, which we really like. They use tablecloths, and cloth napkins.   We came there on a Saturday afternoon with our dog, and they let us all sit on the front porch, and we actually got good service even though we were detached from the restaurant somewhat.  I hope they fix the road soon, so people can find this place a little easier.  

                My family goes here on special occasions because it's a family of five so the prices are reasonable. I love the calamari for an appetizer. The salmon is never a disappointment!  

                We've been here twice now. Both times were fantastic and decently priced. If you stay away from drinks, you can get away with a $30 bill and be full and satisfied. The dishes are fantastic. The service is the best. We had the same waiter both times and he's absolutely amazing. The view itself is worth it!  

                I ate there maybe 3 times decades ago. The first two times the meals were excellent. Then I brought my family to celebrate my mother's birthday. They hostess was exceptionally rude. The waitress was rude. It spoiled the evening. I wrote to the owner who phoned me, apologized, & said he'd send me a complimentary meal certificate. He didn't. I reminded him twice & then gave up. I never returned.  I read in the Marketplace magazine there is new ownership so I returned tonight. It is an attractive restaurant with a good view. My wife & I waited maybe 3-5 minutes for a hostess & were seated. I should mention it is a slow night. The waiter was fine.  The bread was good but not warm. I had clam chowder. For a first class restaurant it was a serious disappointment. It was what you'd expect at a cheap diner. Watered down & not many clams. I compare clam chowder to Dukes in Seattle (wow) or Splash in Pismo Beach. It wasn't close.  We both had different pastas. Both were okay but far from special.  We shared the chocolate mouse. It was good but not special. A previous reviewer said it cost $10.50. Maybe ours was different but it cost $7.50.  A previous reviewer commented on the owner seating herself with favorite customers. Absolutely. She sat & chatted with two elderly ladies in the booth next to ours 3 times while we were there. Perhaps they were friends? She ignored all other customers.  The food is well prepared but not especially exceptionally tasty. I should lower the stars just because it supposedly is a high class restaurant but did not. The chowder is a real loser. It was BLAND.  

