                Wife and I stayed in Stinson beach overnight and went to the Sand Dollar for dinner .  Awesome staff . Great table next to fireplace . Great food . Great Calamari , Fish and chips , outstanding Cheeseburgers , unbelievable bread that is just yummy . Good beer selection but not great  . Great staff . Fairly priced . Elegant , but rustic atmosphere with a piano / bass duo that knocked our socks off . Definitely a beautiful little place that knows how to treat new patrons and locals in a well balanced manner . Full bar with comfy stools and tv to watch sporting events .  Outside patio as well as well as a smoking porch out front to watch the little hamlet of Stinson unfold with a drink to enjoy it all and a stoagie . Returning asap !  

                wish we could pick tonight's dinner place all over again - we would not pick sand dollar.  we arrived just after 5pm and they were out clams, salmon, prawns, ahi ahi, and scallops. and they were out of guiness draft, as well, as two other drafts ordered by neighboring tables.  so, we ordered calamari and what we thought was safe, fish and chips...  fries weren't very hot at all, but the fish was steaming. and tasteless. i always peel the batter off, so i can really taste the fish...or not, as in this case. hubby ordered the same thing, he barely made it through one of the three pieces of fish.  the diet coke hubby ordered came in a 6 oz glass...you gotta be kidding me. and the water i ordered was in a small 8 oz glass with no ice. and then i had to wait almost 10 minutes for a refill.  tmrw we'll head into bolinas...hopefully, for a much better meal.  

                Don't expect a real (Peruvian style) ceviche if you order it, they have a wrong concept. It's like an avocado salad, with flavorless mango.  Pretty good fish and chips, and below average burger.  

                I'll cut to the chase here: I'm poor, I had just hiked to the top of Mt Tamalpais from Muir Woods and back, it was 7:30pm, and I was starving. Stinson Beach was the only area with food on my way home.  I'm a broke-ass bohemian hack, not a vacationing German or a Marin socialite, so I could only afford to spend $20 total. I would have gone to a grocery store or a Chipotle,  but those aren't options in Stinson Beach. Only two restaurants were open, and both had the same reviews and prices. I randomly chose this place.  Ambiance is awesome, all Seaside-By-Disney: weathered white wainscoting, nautical accents, plentiful outdoor seating and a barful of flushed-face Chardonnay-drinking upscale white ladies laughing loudly and flirting with the bartender and the piano player.   Alas, I couldn't join their ranks because I had to drive home along some windy roads in the dark...and I was on that damn budget. So I had their "gourmet burger" for $12, with added avocado, Gruyere and sauteed onions ($1 extra each, total $15). It comes with fries, and they bring sourdough and butter to your table for free, so I was able to stuff myself pretty well for $20 total, including tax and tip.  If there was a Chipotle in the area, it would do a killer business among broke-ass hikers and beachgoers like me....but as it stands, this place isn't too bad. My sister had the fish and chips and clam chowder (her budget is bigger than mine), and reported that hers were good, too.  Now if I'd had my druthers, I'd be a trust-fund kid with an inexhaustible well of money, and I would have booked a room in town and joined the white ladies at the bar, knocking back wine and cocktails late into the night while scarfing down all the other yummy-looking stuff on the menu, in between screeching at the piano player to "play some Sinatra!!!"   But as it stands, I creaked open my wallet, shelled out my $20, and drove off into the dusky gloom in my beat-up pickup truck...with a full and happy belly :-)  

                Went last night with the wife, I ordered the club sandwich and she the chicken sando. The club was sooooooooooooooo underwhelming!! Truly a very average looking homeade sandwich cut in half with fries, tasted that way too, can't be sure but might even be Oscar Mayer all the way. Anyone coulda made this. Wife's chicken was a mini patty of chicken with tomato and lettuce. Meh!!! Seemed like the people that ordered the overpriced seafood were happy, so my advise would be if you're not going to order the seafood, don't bother.  

                I enjoyed my salmon burger and fries! My 7-7 was great too. Seems more like a bar than a restaurant. We were very hungry from driving all day. We were able to get a table right away. Not much wait on the food. My husbands clam chowder was a little on the chewy side. He liked his burger. Pretty small place but, their patio was covered and they had heaters going so that doubled their size. The place filled up quick with people after we arrived. We were there on a Thursday night at 5pm. New Years Day.  

                Sand dollar or Parkside for the after hike pig out?!? Hmm...old habits die hard; sand Dollar it was.  I simply love the interior---could be an inviting, neighborhood seaside meetup spot of any small coastal town. Warm, cool blues..recessed lights...live piano and bass....TV on....bartender friendly and bar full of patrons. Think seaside Cheers, and you're spot-on!  Great family-kinda place. Lotsa long tables with large dining parties.  Ambiance scores better than the food. Fish tacos fell apart...tortillas completely soaked and torn. Fish and chips: batter was still slightly raw on some bites. Cod well cooked but not seasoned. Pear salad was very well balanced. Best thing of the night!  Friendly service and wonderful spot to rest after a day's hike. Had I room, woulda attacked that bread pudding dessert. Drool.  

                I liked this place, I came here before heading out the beach for a quick meal, and I wasn't too impressed. The fries were OK and the ceaser salad was too oily and overpriced. If they had maybe grilled it, it would have tasted more special and maybe .. just maybe "justified". But the oiliness and the entire romaine lettuce just kinda sitting on my plate with the anchovies and cheese didn't seem to warrant the high price tag.  

                Prawn pesto pasta = tasted like the prawns and pasta just came out of the refrigerator were thrown in a pan with A LOT of oil, tossed in the pan for a minute and served. The result was a Luke warm oily dish.  Wife ordered chicken pot pie and said it was awful.  At least it's expensive.  Go somewhere else.  

                How 'bout that local sports team? Care to grab a brewski and watch the game match on the TV?  At Sand Dollar, you can do just that with some seafood, cold beer, and good company.  Or in my case, sit on the patio basking in the morning glory of the Stinson Beach sun while chowing down on fish tacos.  Either way.   I keep ordering fish and chips everywhere out of habit, though I really don't like them.  So once again, I felt the immediate pang of buyer's remorse as soon as those words came out of my mouth.  But, lo and behold, these fish and chips were edible!  Nay... good!  Really good!  The batter, light and crispy; the fish, tender and moist.  Finally, a fish & chips I like!    The fish tacos held their own.  Fiancé and I did a splitsky; was not disappointed.  The spicy pickled cabbage and jalapeño aioli definitely hit the spot and added a little punch.    Sure, our server kept pushing the more expensive entrees, but didn't sneer at us for our blue collar battered-fish and beer gluttony.  We got steamed clams, didn't we?  And I didn't even hate them!  

                The San Dollar looks like a fun place to hang out.  We arrived just as the doors were shutting on a Sat night.  The live music was great!  Bar locals surrounded the bartender for lively conversation.  The outside dining welcomed sea food lovers.  The food looked good.    Unfortunately, the mens room was out of order when we were there and the place was a little sticky.  It's funky but filled with local flavor.  

                After a day at the beach, I wanted a nice seafood dinner. Somehow, the warm glow of the Sand Dollar lured my girlfriend and I in. I dreamt of fish and chips and a beer, and luckily this place had just that. For Marin, I expected worse prices, but it wasn't so egregious. I'm used to paying $16 for fish and chips in SF, I just really wished that they tasted better. The quality of the fish was not very fresh. The fries were terrible foodservice-shoestring fries. I love shoestring fries, but these fries were soggy, stale, and limp.   My girlfriend made the mistake of ordering the prawn tacos, which were three measly pieces of shrimp on one of the worst tortillas she'd ever encountered in her life.   Food aside, the place wasn't so bad! There was a jazz pianist and bassist. The service was pretty prompt, and the bread they brought out was nice and warm. The beer was fine, didn't taste skunked or like there were dirty lines. Not particularly great draft selection. The patio was heated, and actually pretty nice. Just a shame the food was atrocious and not worth the money.  

                I'd rather give the place 1 1/2 stars. First the positive: terrific spot after a morning run/hike with family on Dipsea from Marin. All goes down hill from there. Pulled pork sandwich was dried out pork in heavy , gooey, lacking flavor, too sweet BBQ sauce on a piss poor excuse for a roll. Salmon sandwich, same roll, 3 tiny pieces of lovely lettuce, a heap of solid red onion and fish somehow also lacking incredibly and very little of it.  Dried out cold shoe string french fries for a side.  My recommendation:  Go for a beer, and enjoy a beer at a beachy pub/restaurant but steer clear of the overpriced less than cafeteria style food.  The calamari according to my sis also very disappointing.  

                After a fantastic day hiking to Alamere Falls, our group of friends was eager for some dinner and drinks.  Stinson Beach was nearby and San Dollar was selected as our venue.  There was a bit of a wait, but we welcomed the break in the long day.  While we waited for our table, I ordered a snakebite at the bar to sip on while watching the game.  I think they used Woodchuck cider, which, when paired with the perfect amount of Guinness, was a perfect combination.  This was one of the better snakebites I've had.  When we were seated, the table started with bread and butter.  For a table of 10, we were only given two tiny baskets and, because the service was super slow, asked for more to tide us over.  We were told that bread would cost $1 per basket, which isn't a lot of money, but considering that we were about to spend $300 on dinner, was just wrong by principle.  Who does that?  That really left a bad taste in most if our mouths as we headed into dinner, which took FOREVER to arrive and came out of the kitchen at a staggered pace.  My fish and chips were totally forgotten until I asked.  When I received them, the fish was dripping with oil and the fries were overdone.  I wasn't terribly impressed with the food here and it really carried a pricey ticket for what it was.  I'd much rather have gone to the take out cafe instead.  Overall, I was really unimpressed with our experience at the Sand Dollar.  It might be one of the nicer places in the Stinson Beach area, but that really doesn't say much since it's kind of remote.  I love the area, but won't be back to this restaurant.  Food: 5/10  Service: 4/10  Price: $$  Atmosphere: 8/10  

                Cozy atmosphere. Inside feels almost like a ship's cabin. Good food at a decent price. Not the most attentive wait staff but overall good experience  

                Yummy food, check. Beachy but civilized ambiance, check. Good music, check. Competent service, cheery hosting, not so much. Here's the deal. Service is spotty at best, especially given the upper moderate (by *Marin* standards) pricing. Know that going in and you will save yourself the trouble of having dashed expectations. The rest of it is there. It's the beach. Chill. I had delicious, rich garlicky oysters with bechamel. I had stunning crab cakes. The fresh fruit cobbler didn't rock my world but two out of three ain't bad. Service was maddeningly slow but for the pleasure of being on a sunny/breezy deck listening to bluegrass after the gorgeous drive up and over Tam into Stinson, I would go back. Just never on a schedule or with those who wouldn't be able to deal with the service void. Cheers.  

                Cute, quaint little restaurant in the middle of Stinson Beach with a small-town, touristy, comfortable feel. The food was actually quite good. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with mushrooms added with garlic fries. Yum. The chicken was seasoned extraordinarily well and really elevated the sandwich, instead of being a bland slab of meat, like you might experience at other places. Garlic fries were good, although mine personally didn't have much garlic added to them. I saw some other orders and they looked great.  I also tried the fish tacos, which were good, but not super. The fried skin fell off as soon as you cut into the fish, which was a bummer. Staff was nice, and the patio was GREAT-- I loved eating out and enjoying the sunshine on a nice afternoon.  

                What's not to like? Good grub, fair price, and by my beach! They should have a locals only day though.  

                We came here after hiking the Matt Davis/ Steep Ravine/Dipsea trail (7-mile hike). For a place to eat after a long hike? It's great. For a place I'd specifically recommend and make a special trip for? Not so much.   The food here is pretty good; it's just not that spectacular (I've been to many seafood places and have high standards). I ordered the tuna tartare which was quite good, albeit somewhat small. The tuna was very fresh and was proportioned evenly with avocado. We also shared a plate of raw oysters that came with a side of the red vinegar. Amazingly fresh and yummy!  

                Now this is a really cool place!  If you have the provilidge of dinning here after a beautiful day on Stinson beach, then you had a great weeekend.  Our bartender was so cool, kind and talkative, he even suggested a drink for my hubby, he is a rockstar. I wish I caught his name. He asked me "how was your day at the beach?" I said how did you know I was at the beach, he paused and said, there is not much to do in this town, later on when I went to the restroom and noticed that I had sand on my nose, hahaha!  My husband and I, were sat on a tini-tiny table, there is not so much space between tables indeed. In fact, you could join your neighbors conversation at any point, but our waitress was so polite and so attentive, our food was also great. I also noticed that the manager was checking on all the patrons on the patio at all times. It was also obvious to me, that there were understaff, but the staff made sure you could not tell!  

                after a long long hike, the sand dollar is the perfect place to refuel. bartender nicholas is a very friendly and charismatic man. takes care of his customers and makes great recommendations. get the mussels. they're amazing. the piece of bread that comes with it comes with a mound of the most amazing roasted garlic in olive oil. i had the chesapeake benedict (crabcake benedict) and my manfriend had the pork hash.   NOTE TO SAND DOLLAR, BELL PEPPERS ARE FILLERS. stop using so much bell pepper. your ratio of crab to bell pepper made me really sad. the egg was perfectly runny, the crabcake was disappointing due to the amount of bell pepper, and the english muffin was PERFECT. the pork hash? same thing. it was pretty much half and half pork to bell pepper/celery, and poorly seasoned (no salt).  fortunately, the mussels were amazing and the service was spot on. i'll definitely come back and PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE... easy on the bell pepper!!!!!  

                We stopped by for a bite and we expected it to be overpriced since it's in a touristy area so okay, no big deal. What else can I say that's nice? The clam chowder was tasty.   But the service was awful. Everything we got (refills, check, etc), we got because we asked, "Can you ask our waitress to stop by?"  Never checked in once. Woulda been nice to have coffee and dessert but no way were we gonna spend more than we had to. The burger and fish&chips w a beer and tea was already running at $50.   Big fail.  

                Clam chowder - pretty good, not too salty, creamy and potatoes cooked soft. Clam pieces are small chunks. Not sandy!  Crab cakes - served with sauce on it, tartar sauce is almost just a mild cream ontop, prefer it without. Crab cakes themselves were ok, I liked the bell peppers in it.  Wish it was served piping hot, as it was just warm.. but maybe it was because they wanted to serve everything at once and we had a larger party...  

                On a whim we went here and were not disappointed. Oyster fans come one, come all. They had the Miyagi oysters and they were freshest and creamiest oysters we had after having them in several places in the San Fran area.  We had the the burger and the fish tacos.  Burger was very good and my wife loved the fish tacos. No need to see dessert menu, had to to have the oysters again for dessert. Their oyster shucker prepared another nice round again.  Too bad it is a windy drive to Stinson Beach, but we will be back again.  

                I had some oysters today that were absolutely fantastic and would go back right now for some more if I could!   I had the burger and it was delicious, lots of yummy fries and a pickle on the side.  The tuna tartare was amazing as well with avocado and wonton chips.   Also, the oyster rockefellers were amazing but they go by a different name here that I can't recall.  

                After hiking 6 miles or so through the woods, my group decided that we could use a burger and a cold one.  Unfortunately, every restaurant in Stinson Beach is closed at 8pm except for the Sand Dollar, so in we went!  We were not greeted immediately and had to seek out the hostess, who looked seemed very rushed even though it was not very crowded; however, she did seat us quickly after we grabbed her..  The waiter came promptly and took drink orders, but that was about the only prompt thing that he did.  Between rounds took about ten minutes after empty glasses, trying to order took about twenty minutes, trying to pay with clean plates took about twenty minutes, just overall inattentiveness of the staff.  I try to cut waiters some slack as I know quite a few myself, but if I see you standing around chatting then you get a bad review.  Honestly, the waiter looked about 16 years old so I feel that I should place the blame not on him but on his lack of training.  We ordered the "gourmet" burger and the fish tacos.  The burger was completely average. Nothing to see here except the high price. which seems to be the norm in Marin County.  The fish tacos were actually pretty tasty.  Fried Cod(I believe?), pickled cabbage, and tortillas.  Basic but good.  What was extraordinarily confusing to me was that the tacos came with a LEMON on the side of the plate instead of a lime.  Really?  Have none of the owners/operators of this establishment been to any real Mexican restaurant in the entire world?  One more disgusting thing to watch out for if you are sitting outside-SPIDERS!  Don't sit with your back to the wall!  Overall, the experience wasn't terrible enough to walk out, but I would not recommend it to anyone that does not absolutely need calories after a solid hike.  If there was any other place open in this town at night, I would not go here.  

                We had dinner here on the way back from a happy hiking day at Point Reyes. The location is perfect close to the beach, the jazz music was wonderful and they got ppl excited enough to sing along. We ordered the fresh oysters which are excellent, the fried calamari is crispy, the cioppino and steak for entrees are decent. However, the waitress was extremely pushy when we started to order food. She would immediately turn away saying 'I will let you guys think about it' if we only hesitated for a second or brought up any question for the menu. So she had to turn away and come back three times to finish our order. Although she's smiling all the time, but it gave us the feeling that she's just finishing her job but not willing to help at all. Overall, it's nice experience except it's a bit pricey for a $$ restaurant. I hope you'll have a nicer waiter!  

                Great food, excellent service and affordable.  Love the crab cakes!!!  

                Great seafood in a great location.  I was told to visit Sand Dollar by a good girlfriend and also by a Stinson local.  The food was excellent, as was the service.  My boyfriend and I made the trip on a rainy Saturday in February so we pretty much had the place to ourselves.  We sat at a four top right next to the roaring fire place.    For lunch we shared the Calamari, some of the best I have ever had. It was crispy and not too greasy.  Their cocktail sauce must be homemade, it was killer. We each had a bowl of clam chowder, perfect on a stormy day. With our eyes so much bigger than our stomachs we ordered the fish tacos to share, each having one taco with a large filet of seasoned and fried fish with jalapeno aioli on top. Not the best fish taco I have ever had but it satisfied my craving.    We left happy and very full and ready for a walk on the beach just about a hundred steps away. I had a great experience when the weather was unusually bad I cannot wait to go back on a sunny day, sit on the deck and enjoy the food all over again  

                Pretty good food. I would eat here again. We got a lot of dishes and shared. Started with the clam chowder that was really creamy but pretty tasty. Not the best I had but still good. We got the burger, tuna tar tar, oysters and charcuterie plate. Lot of food. Overall good but not outstanding. You don't have a lot options near the beach  

                I really wanted to like this place but unfortunately, just didn't stand out to us. Went there for a bite to eat before heading back to the city after a hike. Bartender was very friendly, got a seat at the bar and was attentive- well I guess he would have to be since we were the 2nd customers there. I ordered a beer and Ev ordered a bloody mary. We also ordered clam chowder and calamari. The freaking bloody mary was not even remotely close to what it should taste like!!! It was terrible!!! I couldn't believe it. I almost choked on it after a taste. Ev didn't even want to finish it but he also didn't want to waste the money so he just sucked it down. The chowder was good to me, but he didn't care for it due to the fact it was too soupy. I didn't mind it because the taste made up for that but, yes it was too soupy and less meat...not the clam chowder fullness I was expecting and lastly the calamari. Ev though they kinda saved the rest of the visit but I hated it!!! It tasted really fishy, as if they weren't washed well or whatever it is that other restaurants do to make it less fishy taste/smell, it was just bad. Maybe if we had ordered something different, maybe this review wouldn't be two stars. Unfortunately, the dining experience was really lacking, as if they didn't take any pride to the restaurant or something. Whatever Definitely won't be back ever.  

                This is the worst customer service I've experienced in a long time! They were rude from the minute we walked in, the margarita was horrible and definitely NOT the top shelf vodka we ordered. The waiter never checked on us, he had an attitude when we asked for ketchup, and the food was not worth the horrible experience here. I recommend you go across the street to the hot dog stand instead, my friends kids went there and had a MUCH better experience!  

                Food was pretty good, had the fish and chips. Waitress was nice but the girl sitting us was less than attentive. We asked to sit outside and we were told they were clearing a table. She came back and said our table was ready but then proceeded to sit two "inside" groups that came in behind us before turning her attention to us. Once seated I noticed everyone along one side (my wife and son included) were looking directly into the sun. They have large umbrellas but no one offered to position them to block the setting sun! The service could have been a bit better.  

                Whenever I come to Stinson Beach, I stop into the Sand Dollar. Decent brews on tap (i think there were 5) and a nice deck for the sunny days.  I've learned not to expect too much when dining in a small tourist town. They must learn how to make it on the sunny weekends during the fall, winter and spring, and survive through the week so they can be jammed full on summer weekends. Heck, there are only two restaurants in SB, and this one is far better than the other.   Two pints will wash down your lunch nicely!  

                Really not feeling this place. I like to look on the bright side, so I'll start with a goodie: I like that the inside was subtly and tastefully designed to look like a boat. Otherwise, the service to price of food ratio was way off. From the host to our server, I felt like I was at Denny's...wait...the staff at Denny's usually don't stand next to the bathroom gabbing while I wait for my food. They just seemed so blasé. I even overheard our server say to another waitstaff: "Where did all these people come from?" when about 8 people came in close succession after my party sat down. Maybe other servers have a little more shine and sheen than the one we had, but for what we paid for the meal, I'd expect all of the servers would be on top of their game. (oh yeah....liked the live music, but hated that the TV screen was right above their heads. boo.)  

                A little gem on the side of the road in Stinton beach.  Food was great - calamari and oysters with a beer and a glass of wine is what we had.  

                Nice, relaxed, not too posh place. Great staff, they're very good with kids!  

                The first time I came here in 2011, I had a great time.  This first experience is what brings me back.  We were greeted and seated promptly outside in the warm sunshine.  They were quick to take our order and always had our waters refilled.  Their fish tacos and fries came out hot and delicious.   The second time I came here, they were closed despite what was posted for their hours with no explanation.  Boo!  The third time I came here, the experience was decent.  Crab cake was pretty good, but I've had better.  It sat neatly on top of a bed of greens.  The portion was small and I ended up having some of my mom's food to fill my stomach even though it was just mediocre.  The fourth time I came here just this past weekend, we waited for someone to greet us but servers kept coming and going without making eye contact.  We stepped closer to the inside of the restaurant in hopes that anybody would acknowledge us - the bartender, a server, etc.  Finally, we had to stop a server and he said that the hostess normally seats us, but go ahead.  What use is a hostess if she doesn't greet people?  Anyway, the food was pretty tasty this time around.  Our party ordered the fish taco (two fried fish tacos) and the tofu and avocado sandwich (tofu is fried).  Both were pretty good.  Overall, the food is inconsistent ranging from mediocre to delicious.  The service varies even more.  My first experience keeps bringing me back here, but I get disappointed so not sure if I'll keep coming back.  

                I've been here a few times over the past year and I just really like the ambiance of this place. It's in this wonderful tiny little beach town and it is a great spot to stop and have a bite and a beer after a day of hiking, surfing or whatever other outdoor sport you may be into.  I've had the oysters, calamari, sandwiches and a few of their wines and I enjoyed all of them. The patio is my favorite part to sit on and dine, but the inside has a lovely fireplace if it gets chilly at night and you need some warmth.  

                The service was terrible, after waiting for several minutes, I had get up and get my own menu. I ordered the fish tacos, horrible! The corn tortillas were cold and almost hard, the"pickled," cabbage was flavorless, and the portion size was very small, ESPECIALLY for the price. My daughter ordered a burger and she became I'll because of the food handling, cook's dirty hands? I don't know but she was sick until the next afternoon! The total bill was $40 for a horrible meal. Stay away, stay far , stay dar away. Was so not worth the money, wish I could get a refund.  

