                The food here is fantastic. I ordered from Scolari's while drinking at Lucky 13 next door (they deliver there) and the group shared the falafel burger, chicken lettuce cups, a truffle mac and cheese with shrimp, and pork belly potato skins that were all standout great. The falafel burger comes on a brioche bun (or a lettuce wrap) and it stands tall, as do the other burgers. Friends raved about the blueberry bacon cheeseburger, which I did not try.   In terms of space, it's small, but hardly feels like it if you factor in the seating at Lucky 13 as an extension of Scolari's. That collaborative setup puts this place over the edge for me.  

                3/8/15: Came here just looking for a burger, but it turned out to be a cool place to enjoy your food too, sitting at the diveyish bar.  1. Scolari's Classic Cheeseburger $10: It's basically exactly as stated--classic with lettuce, onions, cheese and good meat.  Nothing particularly memorable except maybe it being pretty tall due to the large amount of lettuce they put in it.  But the price ain't bad, and it was tasty.  7/10.  2. BAT $9.50: So, it's bacon, ARUGULA, tomato, making it a bat.  Typically I'm not a fan of arugula in sandwiches but it works pretty well in this one.  Gives it a little spicier kick.  However, in my opinion, the bacon is WAY over crisped.  It's not burnt at all and has a lovely color, but it's REALLY hard.  Kinda lost the savoriness of the fat and just turned it into a cracker.  Very high quality sandwich but I just can't appreciate the main attraction the way it is.  6.5/10.  So, you place your order in a more typical, modern-looking place.  But after I told them I was eating in, the cashier told me to go next door to sit.  And wow, it's a totally different place than where you order!--as I alluded to earlier, it has personality!  I like it.  Beautiful place to chill and eat.  Full bar.  Lots of beer on tap.  Very nice!  I feel the food is more 3.5ish / 5, but did like the whole experience so...  4/5  #american #burger #beer #blt  

                Okay so I LOVE the food - always serving something fun and delicious. Great burger, great salads, fun ingredients. On top of that, the service is always friendly and welcoming - which I so love and appreciate.   HOWEVER, I have knock them down at least two stars for the fact that they seem to consider themselves above health codes - specifically regarding covering facial hair when cooking/doing prep and wearing gloves when touching cooked food.   While I do realize hairnets are not cool and beard/mustache nets even less cool BUT a mustache or beard hair in my food is downright gross! Hello mr hipster working the line, either get a shave or cover that facial hair - it's the law!   While waiting for my food, I repeatedly watch the French Fry guy scoop fries into brown bags and either add or take away - but consistently touch the top of every bag with his bare hand - the same hand that twice touched his neck and once his apron and once his blue kitchen towel - yuck!   Sorry guys, the downside of the open kitchen is that customers are watching / and they don't always like what they see.  

                I know Scolaris is notorious for their burger. Friends have given it high praises, so I think it's worth the hype. However, since I don't eat red meat I find myself always in a pickle deciding what to get. I've been here a few times and while each person fell in love with their meal, I was always mehh. It's a little pricey for what you get, but you're getting quality over quantity.   So, just go for the burger if you eat meat!   CASH ONLY  

                On Saturday, 1/10/15, my girlfriend and I ate at Scolari's for dinner. I've been wanting to try a burger from here for some time now. I finally made it happen.   Atmosphere/Decor:  Scolari's is a small place to grab a bite to eat located on Park Street. It looks like your typical hole in the wall type of restaurant. There's only one table to sit down at inside of Scolari's. We got lucky when we arrived at Scolari's because 3 ladies that were sitting down at the only table were finished eating and ended up leaving. It's pretty loud inside of Scolari's. There were about 4 or 5 tables outside of Scolari's where you could sit down and eat your food. You can also eat your food at The Lucky 13 Bar located right next to Scolari's.   Food:  My girlfriend and I ordered the Scolari's Classic Cheese Burger (American cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, and mayonnaise) along with House cut fries (twice cooked good old fashioned russets with garlic pepper aioli.) My burger was delicious! It reminded me of an All American Classic Cheese Burger. I really liked the burger patty. It had great flavor. All of the condiments were fresh and tasted good. The brioche bun was buttery and soft. The Cheese Burger was simple but delicious! This is one of the best burgers I've ever had.  My girlfriend really liked her burger. She thought it tasted like a good classic burger. We also enjoyed the House cut fries. The fries were dark, crispy and tasted good. The aioli complimented the fries very well.   Service:  Lauren, who took my order and dropped off our food, was very nice and had a great attitude. All of the employees at Scolari's seemed very nice.   Overall:  I really enjoyed the Classic Cheese Burger at Scolari's. It was excellent! I wanted to try one of their hotdogs but unfortunately they sold out. Scolari's is now one of my favorite burger places. I will definitely be back to try one of their hotdogs as well as the delicious Classic Cheese Burger again. If you want a good tasting burger Scolari's is the place for you.  

                Every time I fly out of Oakland we make a stop here -- it is bar none the best burger joint I have ever been too. I always get the special and have yet to be disappointed. My fiancé ordered a salad, which was the first salad I've tried in almost a dozen trips, and it was awesome. The one knock of the place is its size, which didn't use to be an issue until the last time we went and there was a long line the second they opened. Thankfully you can eat at the bar next door as long as you don't mind relatively loud music.   5/5 all the way  

                Scolari's offers a menu of fries, wings, burgers, dogs, strombolis and sandwiches. To enjoy your food, there are a couple seats inside and a couple of tables in front of the restaurant.  Since the owners also own The Lucky 13 bar next door, your can enjoy your food there and order a beer or drink to go with your meal.  In fact, you can order your food and they'll deliver it to you in The Lucky 13.  Scolari's Classic Cheeseburger - Montana natural beef, American cheese, butter lettuce, red onion, pickle, tomato, house sauce on a brioche bun.  The meat was good and came with a nice amount of condiments.  Ordered the burger medium, but it was more medium well.  But the meat was still juicy. Nice brioche bun.  Half order of Buffalo Fries - House cut fries tosses with Buffalo hot sauce, topped with crumbled blue cheese, shave carrots and celery.  First time trying buffalo fries and it was different. The fries were spicy with the hot sauce and I wasn't use to having carrots and celery on my fries.  I'd probably stick with the basic house cut fries next time.   Overall, burger was good but not the best that I've tried.  But I'll be back to check out the Stromboli, which I have been told is what I should have tried.  

                This is my currently my favorite burger joint! I've been here a total of 3 times and I've always ordered from the specials menu.    The blackberry blue cheese burger is so delicious and packed with savory juices. It has blackberry, blue cheese, bacon, onion, arugula and a beef patty cooked medium in brioche buns. Having a fruit in a burger may sound weird but you have to try it. This burger is so big and tall that it's hard to eat but I'm not complaining. The only downfall is that there's so much juice, you have to eat it quickly or the bottom bun gets soggy. The scampi fries are also very good.   This place is kind of on the pricer side but it is definitely worth it! I'm definitely coming back for their other specials and to try their stromboli.  

                It took me awhile to make it to Scolari's and it was worth the wait. I ordered the BAT (bacon, arugula, tomato) and the Scampi fries. We went next door to Lucky 13 and waited for our food to be delivered there. We waited less than 10 minutes for our food to show up. The BAT was very simple, but was really good. I think the bread had a lot to do with it. And the Scampi Fries were like crack. Make sure to order some!  

                Very interesting place with very intriguing menu items!  The staff was suuuper friendly throughout the whole transaction and our food came out incredibly quick!  I'm not even sure what I ordered with all the crazy stuff on their daily changing menu but whatever it was, it was great! My friends plates were also delicious.  A little on the expensive side but worth the money in taste and flavor!  

                Since our schedules have become increasingly busy, a few of my friends and I make it a point of meeting for dinner every month.  Even though we still see each other in between, it's something I really look forward to because it guarantees an opportunity to meet up.  Plus, since we all take turns choosing where to eat, it also gives me the chance to check out places I might not have tried otherwise, like Scolari's!  Although they're well known in and around Alameda, Scolari's is easy to miss for anyone not familiar with them.  Essentially, they're a hole in the wall, with just a front counter, kitchen, and a couple of seats.  As such, they do a lot of take out, but they do just as much dine in as well.  After ordering, head next door to Lucky 13 to grab a table and drinks until they bring over your food.  Talk about door-to-door service!  -- ROAST BEEF SANDWICH with Provolone, Roasted Tomatoes, Spicy Mustard, Arugula, on Onions on a Baguette...$10.50 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scolaris-alameda#A4nO0neDmn4nEeiVy6DgbQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/scol…</a>) Although I kinda regret not getting the burger (looked so good!), the sandwich was great.  Not only were the slices of meat very tender, but it blended really well with the provolone and arugula.  The roast beef could have been a little more seasoned though.  -- SCAMPI FRIES...$3.25 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scolaris-alameda#EX_oLLzoqKFM0whKrbafsg">yelp.com/biz_photos/scol…</a>) It's essentially garlic fries, but with lime juice and cilantro thrown in.  Though I'm not a fan of the latter, the fries were delicious, especially with the house aioli.  The one downside is that they were more soggy than crispy, especially with the larger pieces.  Even though Scolari's not all that close to me, I'd definitely like to come back to check out some of the other items on their menu.  Especially that burger!  Scolari's is definitely a gem not only in Alameda, but in the entire Bay Area.  Can't wait to see where we head to next!  

                I like the small intimate feel. Love the variety of your not every day type food. I had the beer braised pulled pork burger. I was worried about the medium cook,  I like med-rare. But it was still very juicy.  I felt like there was a little much of the mixed greens & the horseradish cheddar kinda took over the flavor of the pork belly.  The honey mustard was a perfect addition.   Also had the zeppoles with cinnamon & sugar. .. not bad.  Felt a little heavy on the cinnamon,  but still yummy sweet bite!  

                I finally took out a bank loan to eat here. I was having drinks next door at Lucky 13 and I know this places walks it right over. It's a hamburger joint and the fries are extra.  American classic + then some in my opinion.  I like my hamburgers well done, ie dark, burnt, crispy, no red.  What I got was pink in the middle. After tow bites I took it back and I showed them; they looked at me like a deer in headlights like nobody has ever returned food.    They were nice and cooked me another burger well done.    It's convenience food and you pay for it.  

                It helps that Scolari is also the last name of a friend of mine that I adore and admire. I am by no means a burger gal, but for that reason alone, I had been wanting to try Scolari's for a very long time.   Like I said, I'm not into burgers, but Scolari's makes a damn fine burger. The meat is tender, pink, delicious, the thousand island ranch dressing couples well with the fresh lettuce and beef patty, and the bread (dare I say artisan?) is always beautifully toasted. What I love most is that my burger is never soggy by the time I'm finished, with each bite as good as the last.  My other favorite thing to get here is the Silician-style pizza, which is a pillowy yet toasty square of cheesy deliciousness. I've tried both the meat and veggie versions and still can't decide which one is my favorite. This is supposedly an East Coast thang but I've only had it at Scolari's so I can't comment on the "authenticity" of this pizza...all I can say is that it is amazing.  Scolari's is tiny, boasting only a few bar stools. I find the lack of atmosphere charming because it fits the whole, well, hole-in-the-wall diner feel that Scolari's is. The staff is 200% great and it's always a treat to come here. The only downsides are that it's cash only and that Alameda is starting to become less of a hidden gem and more of a Bay Area foodie's destination place. As a result, Scolari's can get realllllly crowded - but the wait is worth it!  

                Burger was delicious, service was friendly, ordered a medium rare and it came out perfect, my only issue was the burnt fries I received, the bottom was like the last crumbs of a ruffles bag. Limited seating overall best burger on this side so far.  

                A perfect hole-in-the-wall food shack! I got the blueberry Scolari's special burger but with a chicken burger and in a lettuce wrap. I like chicken more than beef and after tasting my friend's beef patty, I still preferred my chicken one. However, in retrospect- I would've skipped trying to be a little less sinful and would have just gone with the actual burger bun. I think it would have completed the amazing combination of sweet blueberries, the goat cheese, and crunchy bacon and Arugula. For an extra burst of flavor, add some Sriracha to get that spice in your burger too. Yumm, a must for all burger lovers!  Also, the people that work there are super nice and cheerful. Only minus is the lack of seating, but that's what adds to the shack feeling.   Can't wait to come back and try the Yucatan style pork tacos!  

                Scolari's is the perfect combination of grease, meat, and deliciousness. Though the location is small, you can go grab a drink or two at the pub next door while waiting for your order. I decided on the signature burger- the meat was cooked to perfection and topped with cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and onions. I was hoping to go in when they had their ever-so-popular blackberry bleu cheese burger, but their signature one did the job. I loved how friendly the workers were and could see how passionate they were about serving up some good eats. My cousins and I ordered fries to share, but they were alright- I would pass on them. One of my cousins ordered their grilled cheese and pimento sandwich, which was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Can't wait to come back and try more of their items! Yum!  

                Had the burger special when I went here, which had blue cheese, blueberries, and bacon. I'm not a particular fan of blue cheese, and I raised an eyebrow at this particular combination, but honestly this was one of the best burgers I've ever had.  I didn't pay particular attention to the fries but they weren't bad either. Definitely planning to come again and try some of their other options.  

                Damn, I love this place.    It's like a place that Guy Fieri would profile in "Diners, drive-ins and dives".  Its just a small eatery (not even sure what to classify it under) that serves a random smattering of sandwiches, burgers, pizza, stromboli.    It's not particularly attractive inside....there's almost no seating - although you can take your food at the bar next door.  Burgers are awesome.  You can see someone hand rolling the balls of ground beef, then squashing them with a pot into a burger shape....gotta love that.  Flavorful, juicy and interesting combos of toppings.  They even had the bomb hush puppies.  Great food, reasonable prices and a fun vibe.  This is my favorite dive in Alameda by a loooong shot.  Go here!!!  

                Heard about good burger reviews so when I was around the area I decided to try it. Not usually a burger person unless I'm hungry but I'm willing to try and check out the hype.   This place was small. Just a grill, kitchen, order counter and barely enough space for 3 people to wait and order food. Outside were 3 tables where u can eat.  Ordered cheeseburger n garlic fries to go. Cheeseburger I asked to be medium well but it was overdone. The bread was okay, pickles were good, veggies seemed fresh. Burger was smothered with too much sauce that it got soggy... D sauce was bland. The garlic fries was a total disappointment. Although I love the spicy garlic, d fries was soft and soggy. didnt have enough lemon that you can taste it. After eating 2/3 of d fries: I saw a puddle of oil. Disgusting since I've already been eating soggy fries.   Service was good. Will have to bring my hubs with me and maybe order other things to give this place a chance. Otherwise there are at least 2 burger places in Oakland that are way better than this place.  

                My gf and I came here for dinner.  I wanted a burger because I've been on a diet (bad word, I know).  But we decided to go here.    Food: 2/3 I got a plain bacon cheeseburger.  It was good.  The bun was my favorite.  It didn't get soggy as I ate it, which made the experience much more enjoyable as I was eating it.  The only downside was that there was no mayo.  I don't like thousand sauce so I guess my burger was missing a little something.    We also ordered the scampi fries.  Were they good?  Ehhh, I could have done without them.  And with those two reasons, that is why it did not get the full 3.    Value:1/1  It was a little expensive, but for alameda, I kind of expected it.  My burger was about 10 bucks.  Overall, my gf and my bill came to be about 27 bucks.    Atmosphere/service: 1/1 I'll give it to them.  The service was really good.  The only thing is, it is such a tiny place.  It does give you a cozy feeling, but a little more room wouldn't hurt.  Would I come back again?  Maybe if I'm in the area.  Otherwise, I think I'd look for something different.  

                Buffalo fries. They live up to the hype. It would love only be better if there were some space to eat, but the park is close enough.  

                <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2FBomb.com&s=716853a54974befb18bd2a2079d876386c9ebd876290947c699fc1e3eaccf129" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Bomb.com</a> My favorite place to get a burger. . Get whatever the special burger is and pair it with a beer from lucky 13.  

                Short Version: It took my dumb *ss three trips to this Hole-In-The-Wall before finally realizing that I'm not impressed at all. Their burger, fries, and buffalo fries are all decent, but not something I'd ever go out of my way for... and even if I come here again, I can't get myself to pay $10 for an average burger and extra if I want fries with it   Extended Version: Scolari's Classic Cheseburger ($10) - 3 stars - Overpriced, but good even though the bun is usually a little dry. You can get a burger that's at least as good as this for a lot less at any of the HITW burger joints in Oakland or San Leandro <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scolaris-alameda?select=JXZ_cEgM6pDeT4JEtOBgeA#JXZ_cEgM6pDeT4JEtOBgeA">yelp.com/biz_photos/scol…</a> <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scolaris-alameda?select=JuXuslby5fjzw0B7GrYj8g#JuXuslby5fjzw0B7GrYj8g">yelp.com/biz_photos/scol…</a> <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scolaris-alameda?select=LH3tqUq4MGPvAGts0s77dA#LH3tqUq4MGPvAGts0s77dA">yelp.com/biz_photos/scol…</a> <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scolaris-alameda?select=sAgAvRJpDOCJYIA6PTectQ#sAgAvRJpDOCJYIA6PTectQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/scol…</a> <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scolaris-alameda?select=aH5Dq0H9s6fNjOqkXpP0Rg#aH5Dq0H9s6fNjOqkXpP0Rg">yelp.com/biz_photos/scol…</a>  House Cut Fries ($6 - Full Order; $3 - Half Order) - 3 stars - Close your eyes, and put a few of these "twice cooked" fries in your mouth, and you'll be able to feel and taste all the oil they've soaked up. Seriously, these are the greasiest fries I've had in a long time. They came with a side of Sun-Dried Tomato and Basil Aioli (2 1/2 stars), but to me, the fries and the aioli weren't a good flavor match for each other <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scolaris-alameda?select=cdZeN9g2M8EfQEn4oj5CnA#cdZeN9g2M8EfQEn4oj5CnA">yelp.com/biz_photos/scol…</a> <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scolaris-alameda?select=DeyhmsMOqwRtj7j2l0sVPA#DeyhmsMOqwRtj7j2l0sVPA">yelp.com/biz_photos/scol…</a> <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scolaris-alameda?select=ksEqXihzznuAI3bx-I4TYw#ksEqXihzznuAI3bx-I4TYw">yelp.com/biz_photos/scol…</a>  Buffalo Fries ($8 - Full Order; $4 - Half Order) - 3 stars - I might be one of the few guys that doesn't like buffalo wings, but I tried these fries since a few of my friends wouldn't shut up about them. I admit, they're better than I expected, and I'd rather have these fries than buffalo wings, but they're still not something I'd ever order again <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scolaris-alameda?select=ZKrDXGKbdSR_pvFrJzrn5w#ZKrDXGKbdSR_pvFrJzrn5w">yelp.com/biz_photos/scol…</a> <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scolaris-alameda?select=86CXU2YGVAwDZSyqkzMcrw#86CXU2YGVAwDZSyqkzMcrw">yelp.com/biz_photos/scol…</a>  Misc. - Service is always pretty friendly, and they've usually got a pretty hot girl working the register (probably Scolari's sneaky way of luring in new customers and getting repeat business) - There are a few dog friendly tables up front on the sidewalk, but you can also have your food brought to you next door. There are tables in the bar and a covered outside patio in the back - If you're in a rush and have limited time for lunch, this might not be the best choice, because sometimes it can take a while to get you your food - If you're checking out the menu online, know that the correct prices are probably a little ($1) higher  

                I've had a couple strombolis, a couple potato skins, a reuben, a roast beef sandwich, and buffalo fries. Some were off the special menu, some were from the regular menu. Every single one has been great, but the cheesesteak stromboli special was the undisputed favorite.   Order for the bar next door if you want to sit inside.  

                Unfair review because it's in a GORGEOUS spot with a SPECTACULAR breezy view of the bay, SF and the bridges. I think that influenced my five star juuuust a tiny bit.  There was a bit of a longer wait than I would have liked, but in the end, it was so worth it.  Two words: Hush puppies.  Two more words: Honey butter.  Do it. Enjoy with a fantastic wine from next door.  Thank me later.  

                I'm going to say it. Best. cheeseburger. I ever had. So far in my 22 years of life. I was skeptical of Yelp's review because I'm not so easily impressed with American cuisine restaurants. But hands down to Scolari's who defied everything I thought I knew about burgers.  Quick facts: - It fits about 6 bar stools, that's it, so most people order take out. Some other yelper mentioned that you can eat at the bar next door, which I'll try next time.  - There's the normal menu and then there's the specials menu on the chalkboard.  - Cash only! There's an ATM machine inside, though.  (+) Cheeseburger! Scolari's has The Best of Alameda Cheeseburger award of 2012, and I can see why. A ridiculous  5-6 inches tall burger, ridiculous. Super juicy and flavorful patty, cooked perfectly to medium. Topped with American cheese that added to the richness, red onion, pickles, and a big leaf of lettuce. Not your typical iceburg either, it had the texture of spinach almost,; I have no idea what it's called. Thousand island dressing (I think?) was smeared on the patties, which were super soft, brioche-like. 9$  (+) Taylor ham, fried egg, cheese on brioche sandwich: About 4 layers of thick cut ham, and it was amazing ham, not the typical deli style ham. Fried egg cooked over medium, soft brioche buns. This was just as good as the cheeseburger. $7.50  (+) Garlic Fries (full order): We definitely should have ordered the half order. Between two of us, we hardly made a dent on the whole order; it looked like they gave us 2 or 3 potatoes. There were pepper seeds in there, so it was almost too spicy for me to handle. Full garlic flavor. A little too greasy for my taste, so I can do without the fries next time. About an hour later, though, the fries seemed to taste better cold!$7  Service: - Super down to earth staff! The waitress is a busy lady so she's on the go most of the time, but enjoys what she does and treats the customers well!  If you're sitting in, she checks up on you.   - The food was so good it was one of those times when there were no words said and we were just eating. The line chef calls over, "Is everything alright? It got so quiet I had to check!" I wonder if he has to do that all the time.  

                I wish there was somewhere to sit besides outside breathing in the fumes from the cars going by.    Would eat there more often if I could sit somewhere comfortable.  Now they don't even have the little seating area inside.  

                My girlfriend decided to use yelp to find a place to eat. She suggested a burger joint, and said they had good reviews so we checked it out. THANK YOU YELPERS!!!! Wow where to begin.  Well first off this was my first time in downtown alameda. Great place to visit and check out some cool stores. And this burger place.... Not just a burger place! I thought to go with a traditional burger, but something steered me towards their falafel burger, wow oh wow! So much flavor going on in it, and the burger is stacked high with condiments. The falafel turned out green on the inside, and whatever they put in it was simply amazing. So good I wanted to get another for the road, but then will power kicked in. Also, there is a bar next door where you can have a drink and have your burger dropped off their.  My girlfriend got the chicken sandwich which was full of flavor and all types of goodness. The order of fries came with some sort of garlic mayo dipping sauce with it that made me want to buy a big container to take home with! Overall great experience, and will definitely stop by again if in the area.  

                I'm definitely a less is more guy when I comes to burgers. Seriously I let the guy talk me into trying this abomination. The wait outside was long but after the first bite of the BlackBerry blue cheese burger I knew it was worth the wait.  

                Get the classic cheeseburger with a fried egg. Heavenly.   Awesome friendly and accommodating staff too!  

                I have been wanting to go this establishment for awhile now and finally my tastebuds were blessed. For appetizer we tried the scampi fries and garlic fries and they were both delicious. I ate the classic cheeseburger and my cousin had the breakfast sandwich that was delicious according to her. They also have pizza by the slice if you are not that hungry but they do have a great selection regardless . I highly recommend you try their food and the service was great too!!!  

                I like this place but they get only 3 stars for consistently overcooking my burger and screwing up your order occasionally and for their overpriced food.  I really love the fact it is an ever changing menu with local fresh ingredients. They do a Strawberry Bacon Blue Cheese Balsamic Burger that is amazing every few months. Check the Facebook page for a list of the specials each day.  The fries are to die for. Real potatoes, thicker cut, slow cooked then fried. Just the right amount of salt and they come with a flavored (changing daily) aioli dip (flavored mayo such as chipotle).   The stromboli was good, as was their fresh corn fritters (aka hush puppies).  The bad:  Of the 8-9 times I have been here 6 times they cooked my burger burnt to a crisp despite me asking for medium rare, and/or rare. I think there is one cook there that is the culprit. When they cook it properly the burger is amazing, when overcooked it drops to just average.   I also am not a fan of such high prices considering they are in Alameda  and have such a small place with little overhead. You can go to Mo's Grill in San Francisco's North Beach for $8.99 and you get a such better burger that includes the fries, and has plenty of seating in a high rent location. Same thing would cost $16 here. It does not make sense. This is a great place for Alameda taste, but wouldn't survive in the city.  

                Scolaris has two locations, but this one is the smaller location next door to Lucky 13 on the corner of Park & Encinal in Alameda.  If you are in Lucky 13 they will deliver your food to you.  The featured items are burgers, ($9.00), and house cut twiced fried french fries ($5.00).  They also offer strombolis, hot dogs, sandwiches and pizzas by the slice.  On this drunken adventure, I had the bacon cheeseburger ($2.00 extra for bacon), and fries.  The burger was cooked medium as requested, was good sized and had great flavor.  However, the bun was not the best I have had:  4 Stars.  I forgot to take a pic of the fries (prolly cos I was too $hitfaced, and I wolfed them down too quickly, or a combo of the two - LOL!!!).  But the fries are excellent here.  They come out hot, crispy and nicely seasoned.  They come w/ aioli sauce and ketchup for dipping:  5 Stars.  The ambiance is really nothing.  There are a couple of tables outside and a small unisex restroom inside.  There always seem to be people waiting for food, or waiting in line which is a good thing.  Its cool that you can see them preparing your food:  4 Stars.  The service is really good.  The cashier and chef were super friendly, and the food came out quickly:  4 Stars.  Scolaris means pupils, and the food will open your eyes if you are barhopping on Park St in Alameda.  Its kinda pricey compared to Jack in the Crack across the street, but I would rather wake up after eating a burger here vs 3 or more orders of two tacos for 99 cents.  Come on, you know you have all been there!  LMAO!!!  

                This place is the shit. Burgers are always on point. I always order the special burger and a half order of fries. I've had some of their other stuff on the menu, but whenever I want a good burger Scolaris is where I go.   For those who are looking for a beer, the burger place can actually deliver your burger to the next door bar. Pretty cool.  Definitely would recommend this place to anyone.  

                Burgers that are hard not to love.   Scolari's is an awesome place. The restaurant is tiny, but you can take your food to the bar next door. I ordered the special burger that was offered that day that came with a fried egg. The burger was nicely assembled (even though it was completely packed!), well cooked, and tasted very freshly made. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Be sure to get enough napkins. The garlic fries were pretty darn tasty. Hopefully you don't shy away from a lot of garlic.   At around $13 for the burger, it was definitely not on the cheap side, yet I thoroughly enjoyed it and was completely satisfied. If you are in this part of Alameda it might be a must-visit. Perhaps it even makes this part of a Alameda a must visit. I look forward to returning.  

                Such a great little joint and very easy to miss if you aren't looking for it.    I ordered one of their specials which was a burger with strawberries and it was freaking delicious.  Especially washed down with a bloody mary from next door at Lucky 13.    Be sure to visit their Facebook page (<a href="/redir?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fpages%2FScolaris-Good-Eats%2F117086315002418&s=783182fa9190332e0c29dc410bc25548ae6b9f586b98974fa11d90633df311ab" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">facebook.com/pages/Scola…</a>) to see their daily specials.  

                It has been 2 days and the blackberry burger is still on my mind. Large beef patty, blue cheese, blackberries, red onion and arugula in between brioche buns ($13.) It was one of the best burgers I have had in awhile.   Since the daily menu changes daily, don't expect to have the same item twice unless they are serving it the next day. They also have a standard everyday menu as well.  Prices are a little high but worth it in my opinion. Items don't come with sides most of the time. No substitutions allowed. Cash only.  There are a couple seats inside and a couple tables outside. You can have your food delivered next door at Lucky 13, that is what we did. I recommend it.  Hubs and I came on a Saturday at noon and there was a line out of the door. The food took about 25-30 minutes.   Hubs had the veal meatballs in red sauce with ricotta and basil served with toasted house bread ($12.) He enjoyed it but to me the portion was small.  

                I eat at Scolari's a couple times a month.  They have a regular menu of pub grub (burgers, fries, etc) with a nod to fresh/local/sustainable foods.    You won't go wrong eating anything from their regular menu.  My favorites include the burger (probably the best in Alameda), Cindy's Salad, Stromboli, and the chicken lettuce cups. Even though these options are good, regulars to this place know that you'll always do well to try their specials.  My faves are the seasonally-available hush puppies, which are crispy balls of corn meal and kernels served with a sweet honey butter--man, those are good.  Recently, they had a bavette steak salad, which was OK, and an amazing porchetta sandwich which was a wonderful treat that makes me wish it was on the menu all the time (or maybe not, because I'd be eating there too often).    If you're under 21 or have kids in tow, don't come here if you expect a sit down meal--there are only a couple tables available on the sidewalk if you want to eat there.  However, they deliver to the Lucky 13 next door, so the place is one of my go-to places if I want to sit outside and enjoy a beer with my dinner.  The Lucky 13 has a really nice outdoor patio area that's perfect in warm weather.    I wish Yelp had 1/2 star increments, because I really think this is more of a 4.5 star place.  My only complaint that makes me ding them one star is that the french fries are too greasy and usually almost soggy with grease.  It's the only thing on the menu that I haven't loved, or at least really, really enjoyed.    If note: This is one of the few late night options in Alameda, and a good place for take out if you want a late night snack.  

                Absolutely perfect cheeseburger when I got it. Cooked medium rare just as I requested. Hits the spot. $10 or $11 which is a bit expensive, but I get it, I rather spend that amount and get a quality burger rather than at a fast food franchise like Burger King. Honestly, I prefer Scolari's burgers over Burger Meister. They're similar in price.  Scolari's house cut fries, they're delicious! They won't drop the fries till you walk in the door. Comes out piping hot and served with creamy, delicious aioli sauce. Sometimes when I'm working, I call in just for a half order or a full order of their fries.  The Stromboli is ok, I'm not a fan, but I've had it with a few other people and they loved it. On one occasion they forgot the bacon that I asked for on my burger. But I'll forgive them because the staffs are always really nice and sometimes people forget. Life happens. The only thing that bothers me is that on SUNDAY, the usual staff aren't there. Sunday staff,  I'm not so fond of. Not as pleasant and not knowledgeable.  

