                Give me their Burmese Tea all day and all night long, put me in a floating bubble filled with that stuff, thank you. My boyfriend says he hopes they will steal that pointless crowd from down the street because the puerto rican restaurant did not impress him at all. This little Burmese place stole his heart though. Maybe not the Roti, a lil' greasy but everything else made up for it. He got the Burmese Lamb in the tear drop dish and was so happy like his tears dropped. They kick up the spice for you too. He got their thai Singha beer, nice and refreshing, and we always love Tea Leaf Salad. Now this is a phase for me that it was like my fourth Burmese restaurant in three weeks so these guys can really keep up with the best out there. I think the owner was checking on everyone, she was a real sweetheart, cute and quite the social butterfly. Get over here before the crowd down the street moves here 5 stars  

                Great restaurant. We went for group lunch and they had both meat (curry) and vegetarian (samusa soup) options. Both with tea leaf salad. I got the veg option and it was great! I've been to Burma and I have to say these guys a pretty legit.   Only comment, the tea leaf salad was good but wasn't made entirely of tea leaf. Mostly regular salad. I'm sure it's hard to get authentic tea leaf here.   I will definitely go again!  

                The food was delicious.  We usually go to Pagan in SF for Burmese, this place has essentially the same menu. The Roti and Tea Leaf salad are our favorites.  Get the coconut rice -  so good!    The service was TERRIBLE.  But since they had only been open a week or so, and it was extremely crowded, I'm sure it was just because the wait staff need to learn to work together.  

                The best thing to happen to Marin and it is right around the corner from Bikram and Power yoga San Rafael my businesses, If you have never had Burmese food you have to have The Tea leaf salad, Rainbow salad and samosa soup are out of this world. I love Burmese food, i wish they would do one thing with this amazing food is buy local organic meat, like lamb and Beef from Stemple Creek or any of the other amazing farms, That would send their business sky rocketing to the level of Sol Food,  But even without the organic meat it is still amazing!  

                It's nice to have some better Asian food options in Marin, and Shwe Myanmar is no exception.  Burmese food in San Rafael!  Get excited!    I tried their Moh Hinga, a catfish stock soup with noodles, chickpeas (ground up), onions, cilantro and a hard boiled egg.  It was very delicious, but quite a small portion.    I think it's safe to say that most of their lunch offerings are reasonably priced at around $9.00.  I stole little tastes from my coworkers' plates and found everything we ordered to be quite tasty.  That being said, the portions are too small for me to be regular.  

                Finally made it back for a second helping. The restaurant definitely picked up in business since the first time I came here, and that's great (and not surprising) to see. I'm also not sure what changed since last time, but the restaurant felt more inviting and warmer (decor and lighting-wise). Another noticeable and positive change was the wait time after ordering; we got our entrees within minutes. The service was still friendly and attentive.   So this time I tried the Burmese Fried Rice and Nan Gyi Dok (chicken curry thick rice noodle), both of which I'd order again. Oh yeah, and I ordered the Rainbow Salad again, of course (drool-worthy).  Next time I visit will be for the curry lunch special!  

                I love this addition to the San Rafael food scene. The food is super tasty, and the people that work there are really nice. I love their tea leaf salad, mint chicken and angry salmon.  However, the menu is lengthy so there is a lot more to try! It is exciting to have another food option in Marin.  

                Great! I've done Burmese in SF and this was right up there. Tea Leaf salad was delicious along with curries, garlic chile shrimp, and mint chicken were all delicious. Service was friendly. They do take reservations. It was busy the Saturday night we went so the reservation helped.  

                So excited to have a new restaurant in downtown San Rafael.  And the owners of Shwe Myanmar are certainly brave to move into that spot on B St --- good for them!  Arrived for the lunch special on a Wednesday at 12:30.  Happy there was no problem getting a table and was amazed the place was so busy for being so new.  (always a good sign)  Ordered the beef curry lunch.  The SALAD was amazing!  Crunchy little things in there made it so interesting!  Really really great.  The curry was good although not spectacular.  The meat was overly chewy; the sauce was nice (not too spicey). Next time I'll try the chicken.  Waitress was attentive.  Service was good.  My bill got a little messed up but she straightened it out easily enough.    Will definitely return to try more dishes.  

                Shwe Myanmar ends the decades old tradition of thai food being offered here. now it's Myanmar eats or burmese . didn't check but believe there's no more elephant pic on the wall. regular menu is pricey. went for lunch. choice of samosas or curry.  eats: beef curry lunch special(8.99) w/tea leaf salad -tea leaf salad abridged version with shallots, shrimp, lettuce, red onions,  tea leaf, etc., already mixed not as elaborate as other burmese places vinegary tasty, reminds me of chinese chicken salad -beef curry beef very tender, tasteless, brownie points for being edible curry flavor slight, multtiflavored, some msg aftertaste. 3.5 stars for lunch, uncertain about regular menu.  take outs: -service uneven. waited for food while waiter cleared tables. -only l waiter on duty, no buspersons. -no check ins, just refilled water.  

                I love Burmese food and was thrilled to hear about Shwe Myanmar opening in San Rafael.  Our family of 4 went for dinner tonight and it was pretty good.  We started with samosas, salt and pepper calamari and the tea leaf salad.  All were solid.  The calamari was tender and well cooked.  The samosas were flavorful.  The tea leaf salad was decent but maybe a bit salty for me.  We then ordered a Burmese noodle dish with chicken, onions and hard boiled eggs - I forget what it's called.  It was ok, not our cup of tea.  We had Burmese beef curry, which was great.  The beef tender and flavorful - not spicy at all, which was great for our kids.  We also had the pumpkin chicken stew and that was good.  We had one order of the coconut rice and one order of the cardamom basmati rice.    The service was ok.  Attentive but almost too attentive in that I felt a little annoyed by the number of times people came to ask if everything was ok and if we needed anything.   One waitress' wording was weird - it was like "what do you need?" We never made eye contact, waved her down, or acted like we needed anything.   Then the second order of rice came late in the meal - after we were done with the bulk of our food and I hate it when that happens! I feel strongly that the server should let you know s/he forgot to put the order in and give you the option to cancel it.    $84 for all the food listed above and no drinks.  A little pricey to me considering the portion sizes and the quality.   I'd definitely return but probably not on a regular basis.  

                Obsessed with this place!! I've been waiting for a Burmese restaurant to open up so I don't have to go all the way to San Francisco!   The food was amazing amazing! The tea leaf salad is probably the best salad I've ever eaten and the samusa soup is also a must try. For dessert get the faluda! It's such a unique and delicious dessert.   You pretty much can't go wrong!  

                I was able to enjoy this restaurant at the grand opening. I went at a strange hour, so the place was a little empty. Otherwise, the place smelled fantastic! The service was very friendly and professional. The food came out super-fast and hot. I got the sumosa soup and the coconut sticky rice. Very tasty! My only complaint was that the soup had bell peppers in it. I've had this soup at other restaurants, and there was never bell pepper. I have a food intolerance to this, so I wasn't really excited to find it in the soup. Otherwise, the food, environment, and service were all great, and I look forward to going back soon!!!  

                I ordered a pickup on a weekday.  The person who attended the phone was polite and answered my questions. I ordered the Roti from the Appetizer menu and a Burmese Chicken Fried Rice.  The food was ready within 15mins.  I loved the Roti. It was soft and warm and the chicken curry that came with it was tasty.   The fried rice was mediocre. There wasn't many meat pieces and it didn't taste quite good as the Roti. I guess my expectations were high after eating the delicious Roti. I've had better fried rice before.  

                I can't begin to explain how wonderful my experience was at Shwe Myanmar, they treated my significant other and I with so much respect as we came in. The waitresses are so courteous and cater to your needs and make your experience very pleasant. The owner is very loving and just a great person, And of course I cannot forget to mention the food, the flavor is so rich and satisfying you crave more!! I will be coming here because tonight was unforgettable!  

                Happy to have a solid Burmese spot in Marin! I've ordered samosa soup, tea leaf salad, and Moh hinga so far. They all taste delicious and are definitely just as good as any other well known spots in SF/Oakland (ex: Burma Superstar). ingredients are fresh and vibrant- think I'm becoming a regular here... service is friendly and welcoming. and dishes are fairly well priced enjoy!  

                So happy to have Burmese in town, this place is a great addition to San Rafael.  

                As far as lunch goes in San Rafael goes this place is a hidden gem. Daily lunch specials are a good deal and really tasty. Food (pork curry and tea salad) and service was great. I will definitely be back soon.  

                Sooooo good. Comparable to the Burma super stars of the world with even more reasonable prices. The staff is super nice and even remember return customers. A great family run business that I hope stays around. This is a gem in marin you gotta try.  

                The key dishes, tea leaf salad, rainbow salad and samusa soup - all home runs and as good as Burma Superstar in SF but without the 1 hour wait.  The Burmese tea is a delicious riff on chai but with a hint of chocolate.  We've been back a second time and will be eating here frequently.  

                I love eating food at this little restaurant.  Don't completely expect food when you come in. Expect to have different new foods that you've never tried before and flavors that you have an had. The service is always very good here its very clean the food is prepared in the kitchen it's also very clean I've seen it in the past and I've seen it recently and they do make efforts to prepare your food in good surroundings. The menu is unusual to you but you can always ask them for suggestions. The taste a Burmese food is unique in almost a little hard to explain it's more the test experience than a word experience. I had the Moh Hinga. Very tasty. Tea salad always good. They are a bit on the high side price wise for Marin County however I see the same prices in San Francisco for Burmese food and don't really quite understand why but that's what it is. This shouldn't stop you from having at least one experience if not many in this restaurant it's a great example of Burmese food. Come and enjoy it.  

                Welcome to the neighborhood! I'm ecstatic about this place and hope to return with a large group. You must try the layer bread under the appetizer menu which is served with a delicious chicken curry and the 22 ingredient salad. Don't forget to save room for the fresh mango sticky rice.   The owner of this place is so kind and attentive and came to our table to speak to us to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. I hope this place succeeds. I certainly will be frequenting it on a weekly basis. Thank you for offering authentic cuisine and healthy option for vegetarians and meat eaters alike!  

                We really enjoyed our meal here! We had the rainbow salad (21 ingredients!), platha with curry sauce, and chicken curry and the shrimp and chicken over rice. It was all very good and tasted fresh and flavorful. Our waitress was attentive and knowledgable about the menu. We were greeted by a very sweet woman that appeared to be the owner and then she checked in with us as we finished our meal. We will be back soon!  

                As a regular at Burma Superstar, I was pleasantly surprised to find a new restaurant in San Rafael. I loved their samosas, their mango curry, spicy beans and okra. My kids loved the roti platha.  

                My wife and I went there when another restaurant was too busy and we are really glad we did.  The food was wonderful, the staff was friendly and the price was reasonable.  I had the sesame beef and coconut rice and it was wonderful.  We shared a Tea Salad and it was great.  Highly recommend.  

                Super tasty! I'm not really a fan of tea leaf salads, but we tried a bunch of wonderful different dishes and they were all bangin', and the coconut rice is what I would want to eat on a desert island.  

                The food tasted good. But i have a severe allergy. I called beforehand to make sure my allergy could be accommodated and also told them in person. I ordered something that had no nuts in it. Yet cross contamination issues had to have occurred because within minutes after leaving the restaurant my breathing was constricted. Would never go there again. They need to take allergies more serious  

                Very good! I'm obsessed with Burmese food right now. I wanted to give this place a try, and I'm glad I did. I could eat that rainbow salad every day. The roti and sticky rice with mangos are tasty as well!  

                Nice creative addition to downtown San Rafael dining options. The food was very good, but they have a few operational kinks to work out. Waitress was very helpful, offering recommendations. There were long gaps between water refills & courses & check. We will try again & I'm optimistic they'll get the hang of things & be very successful. Also it's pretty loud in there. Specific dishes we tried: Per waitress recommendation, tried the Tea Leaf Salad. It was unusual, crunchy & delicious. Most unique item. I recommend it. Chicken Kebat was complex & tasty, maybe a little heavy on the lime as sour dominated. But very good. Shrimp with eggplant was also very good. Eggplant was silky, sauce a little on the sweet side. All were very garlicky, & a nice level of heat (thoughh we like spicy food). Dessert was a disappointment. We got the pudding/custard with ice cream. There were 4 small deep-fried balls with soft orange goo in ghe middle, & 2 scoops of (coconut?) ice cream (not really sure if it was coconut, as it tasted sort of oddly fruity/floral & not at all like coconut). Texture was a little werd. I'd skip this next time but everything else was great.  

                What a find! Tucked away on B street just before the turn onto 2nd street. The tea leaf salad was spectacular! Fresh tasting, hints of spices, and very pleasing taste all the way through. The waitress mixes it at the table and it is just the perfect start to a meal. I had the kombucha squash and pumpkin stew and the sauce was so flavorful that it was a favorite at the table. Other dishes were the crispy chicken, surprisingly and delicately spiced and the Burmese curry vegetable dish. Everyone raved at the tastes and all of us pledged to return soon with friends and spread the word about this gem. The Burmese wait staff are helpful, friendly, and accommodating. I can't wait to return!  

                Woohoo!!!!  Burmese in Marin!  As former City dwellers, we really missed the variety of cuisine after moving to Marin.  Burma Superstar was one of our favorites, so we came running when we heard Shwe Myanmar opened their doors.  We have eaten in or taken out food from here at least half a dozen times, and it has always been good.  The decor is pretty sparse but the food is wonderful.  

                This is my new favorite place in town! The mango salad and catfish soup were delicious. The place is clean and the staff is very friendly.  

                Good value, large portions.  Pumpkin shrimp had a lot of shrimps.  Garlic noodles were tasty, light and subtle.  

                Another thumbs up for Shwe Myanmar. Since moving to San Rafael from San Francisco we miss our regular outings to Burmese Superstar. We're excited to now have a Burmese option in the area only a few blocks from our house!  The food was tasty and affordable and tasty and you'll find many of the Burmese options you may be used to from other restaurants. The service was extremely attentive and the owner was very friendly, coming over to check on us several times during the meal.   The interior is nice but could use a touch of "warmth" to it - may some rugs, pillow or carpets and a boost on the thermastat. The place had only been open a week when we went so I'm sure they're working on this.  

                Burmese food comes to San Rafael-yay!! Two visits and we're already planning the next one - there are so many intriguing dishes to try. Two must-haves are the Rainbow salad and the appetizer with the dipping bread and sauce, but the curries and noodle dishes are phenomenal too. The decor is a bit utilitarian but the owners are delightful and nice to chat with when they mix the dishes at the table. Highly recommended!  

                First timer at this place but very pleased. Flashing forks with a total of three diners and everyone's food was excellent. Anxious to return to investigate the rest of the menu. I had the Mo Hinga which was great.  

                Yes! Burmese food in Marin. Everything I have tried here is delicious and very flavorful. Favorites include Rainbow salad, tea leaf salad, Samusa Soup, and the coconut rice, which is a must!  Prices are reasonable, portions are generous, and the service is friendly. I've noticed it's becoming more crowded recently, which is great - hopefully means they'll be staying around for awhile.  

                New restaurant in our neighborhood. The food is delicious, the staff is informed, attentive and nice. Very affordable. The only thing they need to work on is decor/atmosphere. Just dimming the lights a little would be big help. I hope they do well and they should judging on the service and product  

                Was going to head to Burma Superstar in San Francisco when a friend told me about this place that just recently opened in San Rafael. The staff is very friendly, the food was amazing, and the restaurant setup is great.   We tried the Tea Leaf Salad, Samusa Soup, and the Spicy Shaan Noodles. All tasted pretty good. Glad to have another great place in Marin.  

                I ordered a vegetarian Samusa Soup to go the first time I tried this place. The serving was generous and delicious. The second time I ordered this dish to go it was much smaller. My partner ordered spicy/crispy chicken; he said it was soft and sour and that he did not enjoy it.   After seeing how much smaller the portions became in a such a short amount of time, we probably will not be going back.  

