                I have been craving for some Thai food. Thanks to yelp this wonderful place showed up close to my home. They close during mid day from 3-5pm which I didn't ready as I was just going to grab something to eat after a play date around 4pm. But they have an online service where you can place your order before they open and they start preparing it as soon as they open which is a great feature. They also use a third party for delivery which I used for a different restaurant (I like the concept but it can literally take 45 min before your food arrives and the driver expects extra tip even if you had included into your bill online). That's why I opted for pick up!  I ordered chicken and beef satay, beef Pad Thai, Pumpkin curry, and fried rice.  EVERYTHING (literally everything) was delicious, fresh, perfectly seasoned, with lots of meat! If your food to go taste deliciously mouth watering good then you can only imagine how much better it will taste when you dine in! Will definitely come back with family and friends for a dine in experience!  

                This has become our go-to place for Asian take-out in our "hood".  I like that I can order online via the EAT24 website or new mobile app. We tend to place our order shortly after they open at 5pm and food is usually ready in 15-20 minutes. By ordering online, nothing has ever been lost in translation on orders or special requests, and by pre-paying all I have to do is walk in a sign the receipt and go.  We've also done delivery on a couple of occasions, but it is so close I prefer to pick it up and forgo delivery charges and the potentially longer wait. Dine-in during the lunch hour is also nice, and more of a bargain.  We LOVE the pumpkin curry and the Thai fried rice. Both are generous portions and loaded with veggies and intense flavor. Go easy on the spice if you're not a fan. On a recent order, I got SPICY fried rice that ended up giving my wife a nose bleed! I backed it off to MEDIUM on last night's order and it still had a nice kick, without the blood shed.  We've sampled other things too including the papaya salad, mint rolls, satay, tom kha gai, pad thai.....all are good. Not always the best I've ever had, but respectable.  I'll go ahead and give it the 5 star rating for being the best we've got here in the burbs!  

                We've been dining in and out of Similan ever since they first opened. We've had some ups and downs with them but ultimately, I believe after the most recent management change, they've finally perfected their service.   Our go-to dishes include yellow and pumkin curry, with an order or two of chicken/shrimp pad thai. Their curries are excellent, my favorite is the yellow chicken curry, hands down. The chicken is moist and juicy, and the curry has a really nice depth of flavor. You can never go wrong with this choice, even when there are no more potatoes or chicken, I save the curry and just eat it by itself with rice. Their pad thai is awesome too, it's definitely on the sweeter side, than savory but still tasty none the less. Not overly saucy either which I enjoy. On top of all that, they're all Gluten Free which is phenomenal, just make sure you let them know to ditch the Soy sauce/wheat products.  There have been quite a few mishaps where we were given the wrong items in our take out bag, so be sure to check before you go home. Luckily I live close by and this isn't that big of an issue. Just yesterday, during a very busy time for them, I went home and saw that I received one wrong item, I called just to see if they could get a pad thai going and that i'd pick it up, but it turns out that they offer delivery now! And the gentleman who answered, whom i believe is the manager, offered to deliver it to us free of charge. Now we completely do not expect that, and only wanted the item we ordered but they are too kind.   I genuinely believe that Similan Thai offers the best thai in the area, on top of that they deliver, so if you're not close by, definitely take advantage of it!  

                If you type in "Thai," and your current location happens to be Berkeley/Oakland, you know that you can come pretty close to mistaking the Yelp results map for a teenager's acne ridden face.  Yes, restaurant on top of restaurant sometimes (particularly around Lake Merritt).  The San Ramon/Danville area, however, is somewhat different.  But even though quantity might be lacking, quality is not.  I had a pretty flawless dinner experience at Similan this past Sunday.  I can't speak to what parking in this plaza is like at any other time of the week, but on a Sunday night, I found a spot right near the entrance.  There's both outdoor and indoor seating.  It was a warm night, and there was one couple sitting outside, but I still opted to sit inside.   Inside the restaurant, there was only one group of four about midway through their meal.  One of the two waiters there that night motioned for us to sit at any table for two along the wall, so we chose the table closest to the window, tucked behind the front entrance divider.  The same waiter promptly approached us with menus and asked us if we would like anything to drink.   I love Thai ice tea, but had just come from Peets and opted for water (which they infuse with oranges).  They have a pretty extensive menu with lots of different appetizers, salads, soups, curries, noodle and fried rice dishes, chef specials, desserts, etc (their menu is available through their website).  After perusing the menu for a bit, I decided upon the following:  beef larb salad - 8.95 - beef in roasted rice powder, chili, and spicy lime sauce with a touch of fresh mint and onions  chicken pumpkin curry - 12.95 - chicken in a Thai style red curry with pumpkin, sweet  basil, bell pepper, and baby corn  pad see ew w/ tofu - 9.95 - pan fried thick rice noodles with tofu, garlic, chinese broccoli, egg, and soy sauce  jasmine rice - 1.50  After the waiter took our order, I noticed that there were specials listed on the upper right hand portion of the wall furthest from me (past the bar and near the kitchen area).  Some of the options looked good, and I kind of wished the waitstaff had mentioned them to me.  (A minor qualm).    They brought the beef larb out first and it was my first time opting for beef instead of the usual ground pork.  It was spicy as advertised, but not too overwhelming (again, I'm a total wimp here).  I love that they put such thin slivers of red onion in that they were also well marinated in the spicy lime sauce.  My only "complaint" is that the roasted rice powder was actually grittier than what you'd expect powder to be, and as I chewed, I could hear a loud crunching sound whenever a fairly large granule met my molars.  The pad see ew was really good - savory with just a hint of sweetness.  The vegetables were all still crisp and, better yet, bite-sized!  Plus, I had some of the leftover pad see ew for lunch the next day and it was still really great; the noodles retained they consistency very well.  The chicken pumpkin curry was not just delicious, but beautifully presented as well (see uploaded photos).  Really light curry sauce, sizeable chunks of chicken that wasn't dryed out, crisp vegetables - wonderful!  I normally would have closed out with mango sticky rice for dessert, but I had a hankering for froyo so I asked for the check, paid, and stopped by pinkberry for froyo.    If you're in the mood for solid Thai food and a quiet atmosphere to catch-up with you s.o., friends, etc., Similan is a great spot!  

                Our second visit to Similan for dinner was far better, both in terms of food quality and service. Funny thing is we got the exact same seat, next to this ledge where you can put extra plates.  So overall, upping my review to four stars.  I started off with a Thai Mojito - very refreshing mix of mint, basil, and soju.  It wasn't very strong in terms of alcohol though.  We ordered three entrees total.  I focused on classical Thai dishes: Basil Calamari, Sliced grilled pork, and Panang Nur (beef and carrots).  The pork was our favorite - very intense char-grilled flavor with a nice sweet-vinegar dipping sauce.  The Panang beef was red coconut curry with fork tender beef and sweet carrots.  Sauce was really good over jasmine rice!  Basil Calamari had some nice chili basil flavors and a good helping of bamboo shoots for crunch. Squid was slightly chewy and could have used some more massaging (or whatever tricks restaurants use) to up the tenderness.  Will definitely come back - it's probably on the top of our list in terms if Thai food on the Tri-Valley area so far!  

                Not bad. Friendly staff.   Ordered the following to-go -vegetarian spring rolls Fresh rolls with delicious peanut sauce -Pad see ew with prawns  Pretty good. Wish there was more broccoli and shrimp  -Green curry with steamed tofu Not as thick as I like but came with a lot of veggies. The curry flavor wasn't as bold as other places  I will probably go back to try some of their other dishes.  

                I think I've found my new favorite Thai place in the East Bay CCC area when I don't feel like trekking out to Oakland or the city!  The pad thai and pad see ew with tofu were both amazing. Burst of flavor with every bite.  The pumpkin curry with chicken was nicely presented, served in an actual kabocha bowl. The chicken was a little overcooked...I would have preferred it without meat anyway. For the best pumpkin curry, I'd recommend Kacha Thai Bistro in Walnut Creek.  The satay lamb had a nice peanut sauce but the lamb itself was kind of hard to break apart and didn't have much lamb flavor...I think I would try the chicken skewers next time.  Don't let the pictures fool you. I was reading the reviews and I was afraid the servings would be small so I over-ordered and had leftovers which I gladly took home ;)  

                I love this place and we kept coming back.  The servers are so nice.  The food are always yummy.  Tonight We tried their Panang Nur (Red Curry with Beef).   It was so good.  

                I know I'm a Thai food newbie, but this place made me love Thai food so I guess that says something.  First off, it was absolutely freezing so I made him ask the waiter to turn up the thermostat, which he did. When I had to use the restroom I noticed that they had left the door completely open in the back so I closed it and it made a reasonably huge difference because there wasn't a draft.  The focal point of the restaurant was the bar, it took up over half of the restaurant, it was nice but didn't seem to be utilized correctly.  We ordered gang jurd, pineapple fried rice, drunken noodles and a chicken dish don't remember the name of it. It took awhile for the food to come out but we weren't in a rush.  The gang jurd (soup) was really good, came in a piping hot pot and offered different toppings/seasonings/spices to put inside for your liking. Once I added the spicy sauce with red pepper flakes, it gave it a good spicy flavor. It's kind of like a chicken soup but with shrimp.   The drunken noodles were SOOO good! I would recommend this dish for anyone who hasn't had Thai food before.  The pineapple fried rice had such a gorgeous presentation. The rice was actually inside half of a pineapple. The cashews gave it an added crunch. It wasn't heavily doused with sauce and cooked perfectly.  Good place for a non-asian dominated area :)  

                ordered delivery - was delivered within half an hour, which was nice, at dinner time on Sunday. food, however, was just okay.  

                Don't care if they filter out the 5 star reviews. Excellent presentation when dining in....same quality of food when you take out. Our "Go to" place in the area. We've tried some others in the area, but nobody comes close to Similan  

                Thankful that we have delicious Thai cuisine, close to home.  Perfect for special occasions or days when we do not feel like cooking.  The rice over pineapple & pumpkin squash were impressive presentations.  Intimate setting for our family of four.  

                Finally, I found the best Thai food in San Ramon/Danville. The food is delicous, and beautifully presented, prepared with high quality ingredients. I highly recommend the pumpkin curry. We also tried the chicken curry which was full of freshly shredded white meat chicken.The wait staff is attentive without being overbearing, and our food arrived to table with very good timing. No long awkward waiting. I loved the attention to detail: garnishes, beautiful teapot, sweet flower vase with fresh flowers. Just a delightful experience all the way around. They also deliver!  

                We got two items to go from here: the Tom Yum soup and Red Curry with Tofu. Both were very good. The soup had good amount of spice in it and red curry also tasted nice.  

                Very good Thai food - probably the best in the entire area (trust me, I've eaten some pretty mediocre Thai in the outer East Bay/Tri-Valley area).  Yesterday, I picked up take-out for Mother's Day and it was well packed and piping hot when I arrived home and unpacked the goods.    I ordered Ginger Eggplant (excellent), Pad Thai (very good) and Gang Kiew Wan (spicy green curry cooked in coconut milk w/ slices of eggplant, green beans & fresh sweet basil) which was outstanding!  I can't forget the delicious Fresh Mint Spring Rolls - they were so refreshing and tasty!  No Chinese take-out here - it's Similan Thai take-out from now on!  4 stars.  

                Fantastic food, service, and a very cozy atmosphere. We hosted a party for 35, and it was the perfect place to do it. Liz and her staff were very accommodating to our needs and made our guests feel welcome. Highly recommend Similan thai  

                Well I brought my family here for dinner.  We arrives there early as they opened for dinner.  We were greeted promptly and sat at our table.  The food was good and the service was great.  I can tell you that this restaurant is quaint and fills up fast.  They have a constant flow of "take-out" clientele but over all the experience is great.  

                We live this place.  Easy to order for takeout, super-friendly service and the food is on point.  A favorite place to go once per month or so when we need a Thai fix; could easily do this once per week though.  

                First time here!  We shared a two item lunch special for $10.95.  Let me first say the presentation was spot on... and really cute dishes for the soup and the sauces. It came with a tom kha soup, with mushrooms and chicken- very flavorful.  In addition to the two items, it came with a green salad and rice- liked the salad dressing and even the white rice had flavor.  We chose the thai bbq chicken and the marinated grilled pork.  Both had great flavors.  There were 2 dipping sauces - one for the chicken and one for the pork.  Loved them both!  Can't wait to come here again and try some more dishes...  

                Food is good if you can wait to be seated, take order and serve! They are too slow on all above three. No one bothered to greet or told to wait for a table when 4 different serving and seating staff looked at us and continue doing their stuff. Not that there are no tables- 3 tables are empty. Now to food-  we ordered lamb satay and it was ok, nothing like the chicken satay you usually eat else where-not our kind...skipping it next time. Larb chicken salad was Emmy and I completed myn before wife's chicken noodle arrived- they are that slow.  Overall good food though bit pricy and needs attention to service. Will try again...  

                First time ordering from similan Thai and didn't feel like going out so I had them deliver which is awesome that you can get Thai delivered! There food is fresh and flavorful. I like that they use shredded chicken with the yellow curry and the barbecued chicken is delicious! Definitely will order again and they arrived with the food piping hot only 40 minutes after I placed it with eat24.  

                Service was friendly. Food was good. $$ price point.   We had the Garlic Eggplant over rice and a Pad See Ew with Pork. Couple of Thai Ice Teas.  

                San Ramon isn't teeming with great places to eat. So, I am quite a fan of this new spot, so close to home.   *Disclaimer* -- I've never gone into the restaurant to eat. So, I can't comment on service, from that perspective.   Now the good stuff --We ordered in for delivery using the Eat24 app built into Yelp. The food was always on time, and always piping hot. Whoever delivered from Similan was always bubbly and eager to hear feedback. I never tried anything I didn't like here. Special shoutout to the spring rolls (so refreshing!) and pumpkin curry.   Overall, a really good experience. Pretty much as good as it gets for the proximity to San Ramon.  

                We found this place on Yelp and decided to try it out since our first attempt for Thai food (at another restaurant) failed. We placed our first order to go through the "food to go" site. I would suggest ordering your food directly through the restaurant and do not place the order online through food to go. Our order was never received but when we contacted the restaurant the staff was super friendly and helped us with our order right away. When the food arrived, it was packaged in "high quality" to go containers which were obviously expensive for the business!! The food was great! We ordered the pumpkin curry, pad thai, mango sticky rice, and the rocci dessert. The food was very yummy and fresh.  We have now ordered food to go twice and we recently (over the past weekend) made our first visit to this little gem tucked away in a small shopping center. The place is small but quite inviting with it's nice decor. They have a small bar and serve wine and beer I believe. The staff is pleasant and the owners were working that evening (after 9PM). After our meal the owner came over and checked on us to make sure the food was prepared to our liking. She was so friendly and really cared about the quality of the food. She even explained how they prepare the food when I asked her about the pumpkin curry. We enjoyed our meal (again) but we also enjoyed the service. This is now our go to spot for Thai and a place that we like to go to for date night. Thank you Similan staff for the great food and excellent service!!  **The owner did mention that Friday and Saturday evenings are very busy in the restaurant so if you plan to go in the evening go early or after 8:30pm.  

                Decent Thai place that you can find in the East East bay.  They have a bar too, so props to them.  Service is very friendly and very accommodating.  Me and my GF had drunken noodles and the panang curry.  Both were good, not fantastic, but certainly very good.  It's definitely a place I'd go to if I'm feeling like Thai around that area.  It's also near Blackhawk Plaza, so the location is convenient.  

                Love love love this place. I'm so happy they opened a sister restaurant in Walnut Cheek!  Get the papaya salad and pumpkin curry.  Delicious.   Great for takeout as well.  

                Love their Thai Basil, Chicken Pad Thai and Mango Sticky Rice!  Online ordering makes it so easy.  

                Tom kha soup with chicken is best soup I've ever had.      Drunken noodles were very good.  Pumpkin curry w pork was pretty good. I didn't like the pumpkin too much so just me. I keep going back and trying new things. Everything has been great.  

                Tried Pad Tai and Pad See Ew. Pad Thai was pretty good and the beef in Pad See Ew was way overdone and chewy. But the noodle was very tasteful and juicy.   Waiter/waitress are both very nice and warm. But the service was a bit slow.   Will try curry next run.  

                Food: awesome! Favorite appetizer: deep fried tofu and taro Favorite main dish: Pad Thai or the pumpkin curry, hard to choose Favorite dessert: deep fried banana   Staff is really friendly, family owned. Nice environment.  

                Delicious, #1 in the area Thai go to restaurant.  Pad Thai with Shrimp and Ginger Eggplant are our favorites. Service is fantastic. It's worth a special trip to Danville for the food and servers.  Pad Thai is moist and not dry like other Thai restaurants.  Ingredients are fresh.  The atmosphere inside is plain, but don't let that fool you.  The food is good.  

                The staff here is so friendly! 5 stars for them. Everything we've had except for all of the fried rices (very dry) have been excellent.  

                Really delicious food for a good price. I am always on the lookout for good Thai food and ever since I moved to San Ramon I have  been craving some. I ordered takeout for the family and it only took 15 mins to be ready. The pad Thai was great and the flavored were not too overpowering. The green curry was definitely my favorite, so good I could eat it alone. I also ordered the ginger eggplant chicken, but I was already so full that I couldn't really try it. Leftovers anyone? The portions were great! I don't mind spending around 10 bucks per entree if I'm getting a good amount. All in all, I would recommend this place for Thai takeout. I think they have online ordering, although I called in and was able to put my order in within minutes.  

                The food in this place is so gooood! The green curry is plain awesome! The owner and servers are very nice. The blue moon on the tap is very nice.   The only drawback is it is a little expensive and the qty is kinda less.  

                Friday night family dinner was delicious and well enjoyed by a group of five.  The pho tak had a tasty broth with plenty of seafood.  I like the seafood hot plate which was a  combination of prawns, scallop, calamari, fish and mussel sautéed in homemade garlic spicy sauce, served on sizzling plate.  The fresh pepper corn was a nice touch and added a nice kick to the dish.  I could not get enough of the sauce from this dish.  The roti was good and the curry sauce was spicy but bearable.  We also had crab fried rice and that was satisfying as well.  We did not order much entrees but we all enjoyed our meals.  The only downside was the wait, the place is small so be prepared to wait.  

                Best Thai in Danville. Went with a group of 10 and they were very good in accommodating our party. We ordered the walnut cashew chicken, pumpkin curry, another walnut cashew and many other dishes. It was amazing.   Only item that wasn't good was the seafood tasting soup at the beginning. All very good.  

                Authentic, delicious Thai. Pad See Eew is fantastic and is hard to find in some Thai restaurants. Staff is also very attentive.  

                This is hands down my favorite place to get Thai Food whenever I'm home from college! I always go with my family and we split a few dishes among 5 people. It's the best thing to do because you get to try a little bit of everything and everyone still leaves completely full and satisfied. We've been so many time that we know exactly what to order every time.  If you only take one thing away from this post, this should be it:  Start out with the chicken satay: grilled marinated chicken skewers with amazingly good peanut sauce. I don't know how they do it, but it's seriously some of the most flavorful chicken I've ever had. I could seriously live off of this stuff!  Other good choices: - The Gang Kiew Wan is amazing if you like green curry, coconut milk, eggplant, and fresh basil (Pair it with brown rice). - If you like salmon then you'll love the Salmon Chu Chee! - (Almost) Everyone loves Pad Thai and Similan's is amazing. But if you're looking to try something new, go for the Pad See Eew: it's a thicker pan fried rice noodle than the Pad Thai, but with a very similar tasty flavor. I'm not a vegetarian, but I like it best with tofu!   Basically, you can't go wrong at Similan. If you don't leave full and happy, then you aren't doing it right!  

                I always forget that when I bring the food home from this place I am unhappy. Its expensive, the chicken is fried in some of their dishes  (no other Thai restaurant that I know of has fried chicken in a cashew nut dish) and they do not serve rice with dinner. You kind of need rice with with curry. Will not be back.  

                Loved this place!  Who doesn't love Thai food?  My friend Robert and I had dinner here.  His mother had eaten here and said it was great.  We shared the Pad Thai(I always have to get it) and the Green Chicken Curry with brown rice.  OMG!  Everything tasted amazing.  It's a cute little place and the service was wonderful.  Each table had the most beautiful, colorful flowers(real).  I had a glass of Cakebread chardonnay(pricey) but my hot guy insisted that I get it, and of course I loved it.  Thai food and Cakebread chardonnay!  Life is good!  

