                Went to Soi4 for a nice girls' night out. We ate family style, sharing the Mahi Mahi, pad see ew with tofu, and the eggplant tofu dish. Relatively small restaurant, so we made a reservation. We were seated as soon as we got there, our waitress was very helpful; friendly and gave excellent recommendations. Food all around was tasty. Mojito was very refreshing!  Food for a nice night out. Fancied up Thai, without compromising the taste. Pricier than you average mom and pop thai place, but not ridiculous.  Would definitely go again.  

                Last minute dinner here during the Oakland Restaurants week. It was extraordinarily busy for a Sunday night and they were booked solid for reservations.   Perhaps the hostess could sense how desperately I didn't want to cook and agreed to seat us if we promised to keep it quick.   Ambiance is fancy and swanky. Service was good, but they were definitely understaffed. No follow-up once food was served and we got attention once the server saw me going to the water station for much needed refills.   Food was really good and more upscale and gourmet than your typical Thai joint. Fair pricing too, especially for drinks.  

                We came here during restuarant week, as an alternative Sukho Thai across the street.  Unfortunately, the prix fixe menu wasn't vegan friendly, so I opted for some of the other items, including the clay pot.    We had come without a reservation, so were asked to finish within 45 mins, which was OK.  For a Sunday night, this place was very busy, and we almost had to get our own water refill since the single waitress was so busy.    This is a great sit down Thai place, and there are some, but not lots, of vegan options.  The food is no better than Sukho, although the presentation is. Minus points for not taking Discover card though.  

                Fancy Thai restaurant, with white linen cloths and good Thai food.    I came with 2 friends and all 3 of us ordered under the "rice & noodles" section, but we all liked them!  FOOD: Pretty good -  1. Kao mun gai (the first one) - good cucumber, cilantro, ginger-chili sweet soy dipping sauce 2. Pad ke-mao (the second one) - good wide rice noodles and sauce 3. Bamee talay (I ordered) - Mmm stir-fried garlic noodles with manila clams and fresh basil.  This had potential to be 5 stars because I love clams and the garlic noodles were so tasty, however they didn't clean the clams!! There was always sand in them and I was constantly crunching, as if it was like I was eating dirt and sand.  Why don't you clean the clams?!   DRINKS: They were also really good.  ~$10/12 I got the one with lychee, and it nice and strong, just wish I had more of it.    AMBIANCE: Classy, intimate, romantic.  I came for dinner so it was dimly lit with candles.  SERVICE: Very good, they also gave us free shrimp chips with a delicious sauce!  OVERALL: Good drinks & food (though clean those clams!!), great service and ambiance, and restaurant always gets an extra point if you give something delicious on that house ;)  

                Very impressed.  The salad (Larb) was just about perfect.  And they accommodated my request since the crowd had not yet arrived... Then the beef curry made me very happy with its subtle sensational flavors. Reasonable rices, I'll be back!  

                Nice little place Thai restaurant on college. We got a reservation for 5:30 Sunday. They crowd was already forgoing before the site opened. They sat us fairly fast. We didn't realize they have happy hour! So with that being said I got the ginger drop 6 bucks . then we ordered our food. The service was super fast! Our food came out quick and piping hot. Thanks to Oakland restaurant week we finally gave them a try and we will be back!  

                Ordered my food for pickup at 6pm. Pick it up, at home by 6:45. The fried rice I ordered was vegetarian on the menu, they changed the item to include meat, didn't reflect that on the menu nor did anyone tell me. Get home, figure it out, call in, they acknowledge their mistake and apologize. I get there 15 minutes later, they haven't even started it! It's fried rice! They put me at the end of the line and I'm stuck there for 40 minutes! Basically I spent two hours trying to get dinner all the while my wife is at home who I haven't seen all day, nursing an injured dog. Thanks guys.  

                Not sure what just happened, but standing at the front of the restaurant, for a while before a hostess came to seat anyone. One party of head of me. 4 people. I'm by myself. Two other parties of 2 come in. No one with a reservation. The host,Asian,  comes up and asks the ladies standing behind me, both Asian , I am a male, if they would like a table.  Seated them. The bartender comes up and seats the second couple that came in after me. . He is black, they are black I am white. Neither employee even acknowledges me and I have been standing at the hostess stand front and center. In plain view. Not a restaurant Id like to give my money to.  

                This is my new favorite thai restaurant. The flavors are rich & amazing! The prices are more than your typical thai spot but not by too much. The quality of the food, on the other hand, is just EXCELLENT. So it is really worth it in my opinion. I tried the pad thai & coconut panang pork curry. Excellent. I will most certainly be back to try more!  

                My family has eaten here many times over the years, and always found the service and food top notch. Don't be fooled by the "Thai" designation, as it's so much more than that. There is a different mix of flavors here than you'll find at your favorite Thai restaurant. Recently, we had our company holiday party on the mezzanine. The space will accommodate up to 30 people seated for dinner. Dishes are family style, which I think added to the camaraderie. We bought out the room for the night, at what seemed to be a fair rate given the quality of food and service. Soi4 did an amazing job on all accounts. We got to take our time, the food pacing was great, and they even packed up a huge stack of leftovers for everyone to take home. I wouldn't hesitate to have another event there.  

                Meh.  The pad Thai was underwhelming and nothing was particularly delicious.  We got take-out. If it's any indication, the leftovers got thrown away because no one liked them enough to eat them.  Maybe it's worth it to go for the ambiance? Not gonna happen.  

                Found a 1/4" piece of metal in the food last night.   Here was the restaurant's response: "I'm sorry. Would you like a refund on the dish?"  We spent over $60 cash on food here, and one of us bit down on a hard piece of metal. Amazing that he didn't just swallow it...in which case we'd be dealing with more damages than just a dental bill.  Did the manager offer to send out a check for the entire meal? No. Did he offer to pay for the dental bill? No. But he was sorry.  We won't be back again and suggest you note whether or not you want a piece of metal with your Goong Makahm.  

                Oh my gosssssh, this place is so yummy. I order pick up here during the work week and the staff remembers me and is so friendly.   I always get the pad thai, or shrimp fresh rolls. I have seen other dishes and they look yummy, but I am just one of those girls who loves her pad thai.   It's consistent. It's pricier, but the portions at least for the noodle dishes are huge. Like three servings of pad thai in one serving. Laaav it!  

                How much did I love this place? Super loved this place! But it's more upscale Thai than I'm used to.  I came here during lunch hours on a weekday and there was no wait at all. It's an great open space that sets a quiet and relaxing environment.   Appetizers: I'd recommend the miang kum, a mixture of roasted coconut and shrimp topped with fresh herbs on a mustard leaf. This dish came in 5 servings, so if you're planning on bringing 6 people, you better figure out who's getting left out as we had to.   Main dishes: I enjoyed the duck wonton noodle soup. But I've had better duck and wonton. The noodles however held a great consistency throughout. As mentioned, we had a large party of 6 so we had the opportunity of trying multiple dishes. I honestly have nothing bad to say about their meat selection or noodles. Each dish was made with intricate flavors, never having one flavor mask the other. Every dish was great. Promise.  For the price you're paying, the quality of the food is on par. My only complaint is the an odd one: the white paper table covering on the circle dining table. I had many encounters with the sharp edges and feared for my life of deadly paper cuts. I understand they want to protect their white table clothes but nobody wants to end their lunch with paper cuts. Nobody.  

                This is one cute yet fancy spot to have some Thai food. Ambiance is in your face as soon as you walk in, dimly lit, loud conversations full of people, white tablecloths and candles decorated everywhere. I dig it.  The prices are definitely affordable for such a quaint restaurant. We didn't pay more then 16.99 for the skirt steak special they had on Valentines Day. Pad kee mao also had very tender juicy chicken and fresh vegetables. Sliced Crispy chicken was AMAZING so much flavor! Yum yum. And Thai tea always a perfect addition.   I do have to say if you enjoy that MSG style- greasy and extra spicy, oily Thai food (my favorite oh yes) then this might be too clean and healthy for you. It was very good overall, the food came out quickly and was tasty, but was just kind of warm and not hot off the skillet. May have been because they were busy that night, but sounds like they're always busy. Waiter was attentive and quick to assist us as needed. Great experience and food, worth checking out.  

                Soi 4 has great Thai food, and great cocktails! The ambiance at night is perfect for a date night, or a nice celebration. Now onto the food!  If more than one person in your party is up for coconut soup, get the bigger size. It comes out in a big pot on top of a mini burner to keep it warm! The chicken is really tender in the soup, and the mushrooms are divine. This is one of my favorite Thai dishes, and one of the best I've had.   Also tried the papaya salad, which is tasty - crispy and acidic. For entrees, we had the catfish, which was delicious and lightly fried & spicy. Also tried the pork shoulder curry, which had a bit more fat than I would have liked, but you're kind of asking for it when you order pork shoulder. Came with squash and peppers and a yummy curry. And also had a vegetarian curry, which was amazing.   Love! Keep it up :)  

                Best Thai food in California...or anywhere for that matter!  We recently had our parents 30th wedding anniversary party upstairs and everyone is still raving about the amazing food, seamless service & gorgeous atmosphere.  Superior quality to any other restaurant in the area, ethnic or not.    The architecture and decor is very clean & sophisticated, and it's great for date night, lunch specials, & the bar is perfect for a quick happy hour dinner of reasonably priced nightly specials and tasty apps all paired with a very cosmopolitan drink menu featuring fresh squeezed citrus, REAL ginger infused vodka, and the likes.    The owners are hands on, and are very serious about everything being 110% "authentic Thai" in terms of the old family recipes, seasonal flavors and service... even the brown rice is unique to Thailand, and won't be found anywhere else in the bay area.    The organic selection is also great, and they are able to direct you in the way of many gluten free items, that taste amazing still, because almost every item is cooked to order, with the exception of some of the meat curries which are simmered for over 24 hours and are absolutely irresistible.    My favorite items are the Kanom Pak Gard, (Turnip Cakes, AKA SAUCY Thai French Fries), Eggplant Salad with Minced Chicken and a Lime-Coconut Dressing, the Panang Beef Short Rib, Braised Pork Shoulder with Pumpkin, the Tamarind wok fried Prawns with crispy Shallots, and the Chinese Broccoli with Pork Belly, and ALL the noodle dishes are superb...but everything is to die for, and should be tried at least once if not over and over again.    *Also, check out their 2 Thai sister restaurants in San Francisco and the bistro on Solano Ave., which are equally great.  They all have their own unique slant & flavors...  

                Went to dinner here last night and it was as good as always! This was my third time here. The place is always crowded even on a Sunday night.   We started off with the thai spiced corn cakes. The cucumber vinaigrette sauce that comes with it, gives it a nice crunch, and has just the right amount of sweetness. For our entrees we had the sirloin with a thai mint sauce, and the grilled eggplant, stuffed with chicken and cabbage. The sirloin was pretty good, but I did like the Drunken Beef, witch I had on another occasion, a little better. I thought the grilled stuffed eggplant was really good and creative. It came with a green curry sauce, so we got some rice to soak up the deliciousness!  Service has always been great, and last night was no exception. They're great at being there when you need them, and super friendly.  

                I've been living in Japan for the summer (almost 2 months now!) and I've been missing good Thai food, so it made me think about how I have yet to review Soi Four.  Soi Four is a staple Thai place for me now.  Located on College, it has a classy and hip atmosphere, but the prices aren't bad!  I love coming here with friends for good food and good cocktails.  Although I've loved most things I've tried there, two things stand out in my mind: for appetizers, I love the corn cakes -- I think about them all the time.  Well-made and the sauce, which is a sweet & sour type sour with refreshing cucumbers, is the perfect complement.  1. Get them.  2. Enjoy.  For entrees, one of the things I've loved is the crab fried rice.  It's simple but addictive.  Tastes perfectly savory and somewhat light.  Yum.  I definitely recommend this place. Also, fun fact: Basil Canteen in SF is a sister restaurant to Soi Four!  I happened to visit Basil Canteen based off Yelp reviews, and the menu tipped me off so I asked the waitress if they were related, and they were.  (I think Soi Four is the better version though -- better atmosphere/layout and better area.)  

                Some real good pad kee mao here. Superior noodles and cooked at a high enough heat to really get the flavor in (a common mistake).  The fried fish salad and spring rolls are pretty solid too. I'd be stoked to go back.  

                When we first called to make a reservation, the guy said it would be an hour and after telling him how hungry we were, he found a way to squeeze us in 30 minutes earlier so that was nice from the get go.  The place was very nice and clean. It has romantic dim lighting. Perfect for a date night.  I ordered the eggplant stuffed with chicken and WOW is all I have to say. The sauce that came with it was amazing. I was in the mood for something spicy and I asked the waiter to make it a little more spicy and it was too much for my wife but I loved it. I highly recommend going there to get Thai food with great flavor. I'm sure we will go again in the near future.  

                The best Thai place I've tried so far in Oakland. I've had pork shoulder red curry and it tasted really soft and perfectly cooked. The prices are pretty standard, 50 bucks for two person, not bad! If you're looking for a Thai place in Oakland, you found what you were looking for!  

                My older sister was in town for the weekend so her friends made a reservation for 7:30. We arrived promptly and were seated right away. We felt a bit rushed with our orders and they insisted we put in some orders and take a look at the menu for anything else and they'll come back. This threw off our whole dinner. Half of the table was eating for a good 30 mins and then another 2 sets of 20 mins for the rest of the food to come out. This made what could have been a 90 min dinner into more than 2 hrs. Service wasn't great but we did have a table of 12 on a Friday night.   The food was "okay" nothing really stood out. Seems like they use quite a bit of fish sauce on their food which made a lot of their dishes taste similar. I wouldn't eat here again. Cute location, but there is plenty of other restaurants in the area to try instead.  

                Bartender was so kind to let me try the Gewurtz and Riesling to pair with my meal. That is always kind of the server/bartender to offer, tastes before deciding.It is also crucially important for staff to know the tasting notes of the wines on the wine list!! People may not drink wine but it is absolutely important for them to taste it.  Started off with the golden pouches of pork and crab, delish and then shared a couple entrees. We got Pad se-ew, pork, noodles and greens.  Gai pik khing was lightly breaded chicken with the most amazing flavors, still wanting some!!! Another amazing choice was the kieow wan talay, mixed seafood in green curry!! I asked to have it spicy, and they added the perfect amount!! All around amazing evening and meal!! Can't wait for the next visit!!  

                Soooo delicious and fresh.  I can believe how affordable it is for such a nice venue.  I had the spicy chicken and green beans.  

                After numerous recommendations from Yelp and non-Yelp friends alike, I finally remembered Soi 4 when a friend and I were debating where to dine last evening.  Soi 4 has a pleasant and hip atmosphere compared to your average Thai restaurant. But then again, you *are* in trendy Rockridge. I, being the girl,  got to sit against the wall with a really comfy cushion to sit on and a nice pillow to lean back on. Ahhhh.   We started with the kanom pak gard (turnip cakes). I didn't have a clue what a turnip cake is and don't really like turnips (although honestly I can't remember ever eating them). Throwing caution to the wind, we ordered them and were justly rewarded for our daring. They were amazingly yummy!!!   The lychee saketinis are really incredible. I could have easily had 2 or 3, but since it was a Monday night, I held myself back to one and drank water for the rest of the evening.   We ordered the gai pik khing (crispy sliced chicken & string beans wok-fried with sweet kaffir pik-khing chili), goong pad makeur (sauteed tiger prawns, asian eggplant, & ground nuts in basil, chili, wine sauce), and kana mu krob (chinese broccoli and crispy house cured pork belly in chili-garlic sauce). All were wonderfully prepared and incredibly tasty.  It was a lot of food. I almost thought we weren't going to able to finish it all but we managed to, and had a long, leisurely dinner lasting two hours. Great service throughout the meal, very attentive staff. I will return soon!  

                The mojito is the worst mojito I have ever had. No Flavor & you can barely taste the alcohol.  Charging $10 for a drink that taste like water? Wow  The cat fish is really over cook, we barely eat it. The crab fried rice is so soggy,  rice is too soft.  Service is just not so good. The lady who kept refilling water and replaced the clean plate is ok, but the asian lady who took our order and supposed to take care of all the table upstair is just so bad. No thank you when we leave. I shouldn't enough give her tip because the service is just so bad.  Not going back for sure!  

                More upscale for Thai food than I expected, so my friends and I felt very underdressed but nevertheless enjoyed our time here. On a Tuesday evening at around 9pm, the last tables of the dinner rush were finishing up, but the dim lighting made the setting intimate. Probably good for dates and small groups.   I would have expected the food to be much pricier based solely off the ambience. Most meals were about $10-$15 and very delicious. In a party of 4, we split 1 skewer of portbella, 1 mustard leaf wrap (very good), and 3 entrees. I also had a coconut soup, which was generously filled with mushrooms and prawns. Really good dining experience in a cool part of Oakland.  

                The search was on to find a place to dine prior to the Elite Event: Nosh La Noche @ Bourbon & Beef .  With reviews referencing a noteworthy happy hour, I expected more of a bar atmosphere at Soi 4.  What we got was much, much better!  Although we missed happy hour we were excited while reading the menu, it was difficult to choose.  We ended up with wonderful, varying flavors: Pad Se-Ew (pan-fried wide rice noodles with pork, chinese broccoli, egg, & Thai black bean sauce) and Makeur Yad Sai (grilled eggplant stuffed with chicken & cabbage served with fresh green curry sauce).  I'm looking forward to another visit!  During which I'm sure I'll order the Makeur Yad Sai again.  

                I came here a long time ago with the gf and thus had to order very safe dishes... Dumplings and pad Thai, which didn't impress. Went back tonight for take out and tried the Thai minced chicken and pad see ew. Both were spicy and incredible! Great meat and veggie quality, and no msg hangover.  Get the minced chicken!  

                His name is Domingo!   I was just reading my review from 2 years ago and the bartender's name is Domingo. Domingo has been a friend since my first few visits and it's awesome that he works Friday and Saturdays!  This past weekend I had a group dinner at Soi 4. There were about 7 of us and  it was a great opportunity to try more dishes. I really like the ambiance here because Thai restaurants are usually in a more casual setting but it feels like fine dining at Soi 4, except you get to come in casual attire. I think this is the perfect location for a date night with the white linen clothes and dim lighting. They also have happy hour everyday!  What we ordered:  -hoi op Baked mussels on a half shell served with fresh lime wedges: good appetizer to start with. It was creamy and delicious and reminded me of a lion king sushi roll  -somtum Green papaya, string beans, cherry tomatoes, & nuts tossed in sweet garlic lime dressing : good but nothing special  -pad se-ew Pan-fried wide rice noodles with pork, chinese broccoli, egg, & Thai black bean sauce : good. soi 4 makes great noodles butI prefer the pad ke-mao which is similar but spicy  -pad ped pladook Stir-fried crispy catfish filet in dry red curry with snake beans, squash and wild ginger - Must get! The flavors were pungent, tasty and delicous; pairs well with fried rice or steam rice to balance the flavors  -kao pad pu Crab fried rice - good and is a great dish to go with any curry type food  -kang bpet Honey roasted duck, cherry tomatoes, and spinach in pineapple red curry - My favorite! I get this everytime I'm here. I love duck and curry and this is a the perfect harmony of the two. It is a delicous creamy red curry. The pineapples and honey add to the sweetness of the curry.   -crispy fried banana w/ coconut ice cream- My favorite thai food dessert. It's a must get if you never tried it.  -Ginger Drop Martini-  Made with strips of fresh ginger and vodka. I'll take this over a boring lemon drop any day.  Enjoy!  

                Wow, we loved everything.  We started with paupia yuan - fresh roll of vermicelli, prawns and vegetables - with a sweet-ish sauce with bits of peanuts along with Thai spiced corn cakes.  Good combination of fresh and fried, lots of fresh corn kernels. For main dishes we had lemongrass grilled sirloin with mint sauce, cooked perfectly,  along with "pad normal," a stir fry of asparagus, bamboo shoots, peppers, thai chilis and black bean sauce.  They were so good and so good together. We didn't get our usual order of braised beef short ribs which are always so good because we wanted to branch out.  Great flavors, gracious service and reasonable prices.  

                When it comes to this classy fusion Asian eatery that has been so hiply named Soi 4 (or 4th Street in Thai) I've got five words: Garlic Noodles with Manila Clams. That's all folks.   Seriously, this is one of the best pan-fried noodle dishes I've ever had. It's on the spicy side, so it's not for the faint of heart but it is so full of what I consider to be more  Chinese chow mein-esq flavorings. All in all, it is done right delivering just the perfect amount of oil and minimalist ancillary fixins consisting of basil and one other ancillary veggie.   If you're with a big party, also go for the Spicy Southern Thai Stir-Fried Pork Shoulder and their Deep Fried Whole Fish in three-flavor sauce. These two are certified winners, in my book.  For appetizers, you should definitely try their Thai Spiced Corn Cakes with cucumber and vinaigrette. And last, but certainly not least their Green Indian Roti Bread with thick Green Curry dipping sauce. If you had to choose only one appetizer, this is a no-brainer--it's straight BUTTER, as they say! The Green Curry dipping sauce is addictive.  Anyway, this place is more of a fusion of Thai/Chinese/Indian than it is solely Thai. And the name Soi 4 is a bit of a misnomer since it is nothing like Thailand street food, which in my experience traveling there, is extremely (through-the-roof) spicy and super heavy on the pork items. Food in the backstreets of Bangkok is not for the weak palate, whatsoever, but Soi 4 certainly is. Enjoy Soi's twist on several dishes from around South and Southeastern Asia.  Helpful Hint: Try going with the more creative or spicy-looking dishes, as the Thai curries and other *American Thai staples such as Pad Thai and Pad Se-Ew are not as flavorful, in my opinion.  

                I've been back several times since my first review and NOT once have I been let down. I noticed in my first review I didn't talk much about the food. It's hard to single out dishes when everything that we've tried has been SOOO GOOD...so I'm not going to, haha! You'll just have to try it for yourself!  Making plans to come this weekend with some friends. GREAT food and GREAT friends... Can't get any better then that.  Your friend, OB  

                Relaxing lunch for 5 friends with wonderful food. We ordered a couple of appetizers (spiced corn cakes and standout crab pouches) to share. Got five entrees served family style. All were delicious. My favorites were gai gra prow minced chicken and pad se-ew noodles. Goong pad makeur eggplant and shrimp was beautiful and tasty, and we rounded out the field with chap chye braised tofu and kao pad pu crab fried rice. Not a bad dish in the bunch, and we still took a wee bit home. Nice, friendly, attentive service. Altogether a good meal. We would all go back.  

                My favorite Thai restaurant, hands-down.  What I love: The food - I have never been disappointed, it's all delicious!  The service - The waitstaff helps me find gluten-free options every time. Not only can they make many of their dishes without gluten, they know which ones still taste amazing when made that way! That's really important to me, and they are better about this than almost anywhere else. Also, I have never gotten sick from gluten exposure, after eating here and getting takeout many, many times.  The wine - they have great options for both red and white  The ambiance - I like that it's more upscale than most Thai places. I take my parents and other out-of-towners here when they visit. Also perfect for Friday date night after a long week of work. Make a reservation during the weekend, though!  

                Have gone a few more times and while the service is still ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE no matter who the wait staff is waiting on our table the green curry stuffed eggplant is worth all the anger issues you might experience with the waiters. It's one of the best green curry dishes I have had in a long time.  I also can't repeat enough how great the squid salad is. The mango sticky rice here is good too, it's on the salty side which I prefer but the pumpkin custard dessert is terrible, do not order it. It's basically a piece of pumpkin WITH NO SEASONINGS AT ALL baked in the oven with a side of coconut ice cream. There's no custard, they're lying.  

                One of my all-time favs.  I love this place.  Consistently good food and coctails.  

                I've only ever had take out from Soi 4, so this reviews only those experiences:  We love Soi 4 because of the rich flavors and fresh ingredients. The coconut braised pork is our go-to menu item. I love the acorn squash, and the flavor of the pork is amazing.  We've also had the green curry with grilled vegetables, which I loved, and the short rib curry which I found a little bit sweet and the meat was pretty fatty.   The brown rice is really good and nutty!   Overall, great food even if it's a little pricey.  

                I just went back to this place for a little birthday delight.. All I have to say is...say hello to the bartender. HHe like when people sit at his bar!  The ladies and I did just that prior to eating upstairs.  I must warn, this man makes a mean Mojito!  If you go to this place and  you don't order this drink you are missing out on the Soi 4 experience!  Eat up!  

