                An attempt at synthesizing positive energy of all the senses, especially the sense of taste, within a geospatial berkeley system has succeeded.    It's not just an 'appearance' of a Vegan-inspired restaurant that is trying to capitalize on Berkeley's socially conscious population, but is the actual manifestation of the Idea (with a capital "I"), an ideal gastronomic Dharmic venue, giving us a glimmer at what a post-carnivorous dining reality may look like, the prototype of virtuous yumminess.  I guess, even in 2015, it takes people with vision, to help manifest a sustainable game-plan for the future of dining.    Obviously hitting the ground running, these folks at Source somehow are able to structure immaculate flavors onto those circular plates, offering a cornucopia of diverse dishes.  This place is flat-out dangerous to the meat industry, able to illuminate for even the most myopic carnivore the potentiality of delectable vegetarianism, presenting them with an unthinkable succulent alternative, an alternative sacrificing no taste, opening a possibility for them that one day, if they choose, they may abandon toxic karmic eating patterns, embracing a diet of virtue (and still be able to get fat from wolfing down mass quantities of equally scrumptious food.)    For example, I take my first bite of their Avocado Oink Bits Burger in conjunction with a smoky chipotle sea salt 'source fry' (French fry), dipped into a zesty ketchup sauce, my reality apprehending the manifold of their fusion creation within my palate, my consumption process breaking the food down into its fundamental digestible components, the components bursting into communication with my taste bud receptors, my mind synthesizing it all in a unified rapturous fugue.  Moreover, the place is a dream for Vegans: every dish is vegan.  The outdoor Zen garden seating is perfect for enjoying this scrumptious positive karmic dish.      I only wish there were more of these gems.  You would think the bay are would be littered with these kinds of places, like New York or LA is, but, as many Vegans can tell you, there are not that many gems.  No matter, we still have Source mini, with all its options, to fall back on.  

                Oh, Source. I hate to only give a 3 star rating for one of my favorite vegan spots in the bay, but the place has undoubtedly changed.  I was a regular customer at the SF location for over a year and loved everything I ever ordered from there. Food was delicious and consistent (my go-to options were the live and moo lettuce wraps, BUFFALO BITES, moo skewers, cluck avo club sandwich and Gilroy sandwich.) On top of that, the fries were always fresh and all their sauces were savory and flavorful. The service was attentive and friendly, and eating there or picking up some food was always something to look forward to.  Living in the East Bay, when they opened up the source mini location I was super excited- but noticed right off the bat the food wasn't QUITE as good, or as fresh. You could tell some food was being prepared at the SF location and delivered to Berkeley, and that the Berkeley location wasn't as well stocked nor did they prepare the food quite the same. Plus the place is tiny, not really a dine-in spot at all. But it was also cheaper than the SF location, so it wasn't a huge deal.  Now that the SF location is presumably gone for good I've noticed even more unfortunate changes to Source Mini. The portions have gotten considerably smaller, they are more stingy with the fillings, and the freshness of the food is hit-or-miss.   The biggest problem I have is the price raise of the food- it is now more expensive than the SF location ever was, while I'd assume the owners operating costs have gone down considerably only managing one location, paying less employees, and having lower wage requirements than in San Francisco. So what's going on here?!   I will continue going to Source occasionally, because the food is still good and service is friendly- but I do hope they can get a handle on their new location and get back the consistency and quality I had come to expect.  

                What I ate: Moo lettuce tacos, Source salad with cluck Visit date: January 16, 2015 First time? Yes.  YES!! Source in the East Bay! First, let me just say I love Source in SF and I wasn't sure how much I would enjoy Source Mini because of their reduced menu options, BUT...it. is. awesome. I brought my veggie friend here, too, and she is a fan now as well.  We shared the moo lettuce tacos and the Source salad. The tacos were served on a crisp romaine leaf and filled with scrumptious moo ("beef"), caramelized onions, tomatoes, and nacho 'cheese.' These had a nice spice and were refreshing. There are four tacos per order, perfect to share.  The Source salad is salad to the next level. Mixed greens and spinach, that's normal. Tri-color quinoa mixed with roasted beets, another level. Living taco meat (chopped nuts and spices), even another level! The flavor combinations and texture truly made a hearty salad. The house dressing messed with my mind though. It looked like chocolate caramel sauce, but it tasted like a vinaigrette. The cluck is deep fried "chicken." It wasn't as tender as I was expecting it to be, but it added protein and it reminded me of chicken nuggets (especially with the thick dressing as a dipping sauce).  I'm definitely coming back!  

                I loved Source in SF but was happy to see they still had their mini restaurant in berkeley!   The beet patty is really good... I feel they could have been more creative with their "burger" options though. Food wasn't warm and the fries tasted like they had been sitting out for awhile =(  Don't fuck with my potatoes!  Also I feel they should offer sweet potato fries.. that would be awesome...  The garlic sauce is absolutely delicious! Ask for extra... used it to make the fries tolerable and add more flavor to the burger.   If the food tasted fresh and they hadn't skimped on the roasted red peppers on my burger I would give them a better review... miss the sf location =(  

                I never would have thought the food I ate here was vegetarian/vegan.   First of all, the service here is great! The man at the register saw that it was my first time here and allowed me to try fillings of their dosas before I chose which one I wanted.   I ordered their special for that day, moo dosa, which had "moo" ("beef"), cheese, and a blend of spices. A dosa is a traditional south indian dish which is similar to a crepe. All in all, it was delcious. It was brought out very fast too!  There was so much food! I was very full by the end of it. There's seating outside or you can sit nearby on stools.   I am so glad this place opened up.   Definitely try their specials! It's a special for a reason!  

                I've tried Source in SF a couple of times but I have to say I like Source Mini better because everything is vegan and the food is consistent.  Every so often my BF and I will have a craving for their tasty burgers.  We are not gluten-free, but we prefer getting the burger in the dosa (gluten-free wrap) because the burger is huge and having it in a wrap versus thick bread makes it less heavy in the belly.  I like the mushroom, onions, and raw mozzarella burger or the avocado, oink bits and raw mozzarella burger - I switch off from those two.  Love them!  Yesterday we tried something new on the menu - a carne asada dosarito and it was pretty good.  The carne asada was on point and tasted like the meat version from what I remember it tasting like when I ate meat.  They also had carne asada fries which we want to try next time we come.  My only complaint is that I wish they had more tables to sit at.  They only have a few small tables at the front of Epicurious Garden and the rest is counters.  Also, I notice they close at 9pm sharp so if you get your food at 8:55 you'll have to take it to go.  There have been many-a-time that I've had to eat my food in the car.    We are hooked on Source Mini and happy for this East Bay location!  

                Source Mini is vegan. ordered anyways. burgers, gluten-free pizza, sammies, appetitzers, salads, wraps, etc  eats: gluten free pizza, 'mushroom madness": (5) -has crispry mushrooms, tomatoes,  balsalmic vinegar?, and truffle oil -crust not crunchy, like an open face unbaked muffin -toppings of mushroom and tomatos on top, so so flavor  ,  -pizza crust not to my liking  3 stars  crumbs: -took about 10 minutes to create.  

                This may be a mini version of Source SF, but the portions sure aren't mini!  Located in my favorite food court, The Imperial Tea Garden, Source Mini is located toward the back, right next to Lush Gelato.  They have bar-style seating, which was all taken when we got there on a Sunday at 3 p.m. I guess we weren't the only ones who needed a late afternoon lunch.  **Gluten-free Alert!** Source is gluten-free friendly and oh so delicious! Vegans love them too.  Recommendations:  + Daily Special: Crispy Mushroom Pie -- Gluten-free pizza on thin dosa dough topped with cheese, mushrooms, and balsamic drizzle -- MMMMMM!   This is definitely one you can split with a friend, or save the leftovers for meal #2.  + Cluck Avocado Club Sandwich -- HUGE, two-handed sammie chock full of goodness that my friend LOVED!  + Side of Truffle Fries -- BIG portion of nom-nom gluten-free goodness  + Side Salad -- BIG portion of fresh greens, tomatoes, raisins, and pumpkin seeds  + Cane Cola and Cane Orange Soda -- Delicious, natural soda made with sugar cane = no stomach ache : )  Excellent customer service from both the cashier and the chef who were both great about clarifying food allergies and passionate about the food that was being prepped in the open kitchen.  *Tip: Sign up for the Five Stars Loyalty Program! I'm a frequent customer, so I love getting either 10% off or a free order or fries. I just reached enough points for a free burger!   Support local!  

                The concept is great.  Vegetarian menu that includes burgers, Philly cheese, and live lettuce wraps for the soy protein lover.    I ordered the buffalo bites ($7.50) and they also have a beyond buffalo bites (gluten-free).    While the buffalo bites were better then Veggie Grill, I was not impressed with the service.  I asked the cashier what was in the salads ($11.99) and he told me he doesn't remember. Their paper menu also didn't leave any descriptions.  How's a girl to order?  

                I'm lazy, therefore, I'm an omnivore. I like to be able to say "yes" to whatever odd ingredients are in the fridge, or the random baked goods that are brought to the office, or the manly meals my husband likes to surprise me with.   Vegans, on the other hand, cannot be lazy. Eveything they eat requires premeditation, energy and intention. I give them props for choosing such a challenging (some might say high-maintenance) lifestyle, that requires so much veggie-chopping and menu substitutions.   That said, I love being vegan when someone else does all the work for me. I LOVE vegetables (and cashew cheese), I just don't love prepping them. Enter Source Mini! Their menu of creative, flavorful offerings could easily fool a non-vegan palate. Their "burgers" are piled high with avocado, oink bits, and faux-creamy sauces. Their french fries are the freshest. And, my favorite, the DOSADILLA is the most interesting delicious vegan concoction: a crunchy rice-flour crepe filled with squash, mushrooms, and kale, with a spicy cilantro sauce. Huge portion, definite leftovers.   If you like Gracias Madre in SF, Source Mini fills a similar void: vegan food that manages to be comforting, hearty, and full of flavor. Oh yes, afforable too. This location has the added bonus of garden seating in back AND Lush Gelato next door. For a lazy vegetable-lover like me, Source Mini is all too easy to love.  

                Maybe I ordered the wrong items, but I wasn't a fan. I'm a meat eater who loves vegetables and enjoys trying new things. So, when I met my friend in this area for dinner, we thought we'd give it a try. We were intrigued by their menu variety, and figured "when in Berkeley..."  FOOD: * Buffalo Bytes, $6.50  (Cluck with original buffalo cayenne pepper sauce, served with slaw and vegan ranch dressing) - The texture was a bit rough and dry. I've had better meat substitutes. The vegan ranch dressing was good though.   * Popeyes Dosadilla, $9.50  (Spinach, mushrooms, onions, oink bits, beyond cluck, and raw nacho cheese, topped with avocado and tomatoes. Served with cashews, cilantro, and jalapeño chutney) - I was impressed by the size of the dosa, and there was a healthy amount of sautéed vegetables filling. However, the dish lacked spice and flavor, and it could've used more salt.   * Veggie Pizza, Gluten Free (Sautéed mushrooms, marinara sauce, truffle oil) - Of all three items, we liked this dish one the best. The crust was thin, similar to that of the dosarilla. The tomato sauce was fresh.   There are good portion sizes and the staff is helpful and friendly. The waiter told me everyone likes the burger, so maybe we should've gotten that instead.  My friend described this place as ratchet, saying "I would have preferred to toss my buffalo bytes in the nearby zen steam to see if Vegan floats". While I'm not that extreme, I will say that with so many other good food options in the area, I doubt there'll be a 2nd visit.  

                Nice; hole in the wall in a food complex at the end of Gourmet Grotto.  Parking was a huge PITA (Cal game), but I assume this isn't normal for Saturday lunchtime in this area.  Places like this, there's so many things to choose from, I don't know where, to start, but I ended up with the pulled BBQuack sandwich, which was excellent, although could have done without the piece of onion skin.    It's not exactly health food, but it's perhaps better than Nature's Express.  And unlike Source in SoMa, which has real cheese options, this place is 100% vegan.  Will definitely be back, now that I know where it is.  

                Not so great vegan food. I was really disappointed by the avocado oink. Seemed to be lacking spices and tasted burnt.  

                Alright, Source Mini, you're slowly winning me over. Decided to try the Tri-color quinoa salad today for my work lunch break. The salad is $9.99, and comes with greens, tomaters, quinoa, beets, grilled veggies, and half an avocado. I opted to add grilled 'shrooms for an extra $0.50.  First of all, this salad is HUGE. Like, beyond my wildest dreams. If it were a single-meal salad, ten bucks would be steep for me, but this is really two $5 salads in one. And it's freaking delicious. Definitely not as much quinoa as I was expecting from a salad called a "Tri-color quinoa salad", but, you know what? I don't even care. The veggies are yum, the greens are clean and fresh, and the avocado is perfectly ripe. The addition of the shrooms was definitely a good decision. My only quip is that the dressing (balsamic glop -- but in a good way) is too sugary. I had a similar feeling about their ketchup in my last review -- I can taste added sugar, which just isn't something I like. Negligible complaint, though, as the salad is fab. +10 points for cute septum-ringed cashier. Meal worth the money. Will be back.  

                First things first, I'm not a vegetarian or vegan. The burgers that the source mini has are my favorite in the bay. I had the spicy pepper onion burger today with grilled onions and red bell peppers. #hellagood  Be sure to ask for a side of their house made hot sauce. It's made with habanero and will tingle your lips.  

                I am so elated that my friend and I've found this place (thanks to her cousin) We're trying to work our way through the menu but always get stuck on the delicious buffalo bytes.  You don't have to be a vegan to try this place out, you just have to love good food. Everything we've tried so far has been good so try everything!  

                "Wait, this isn't meat?" That was the first thought that flitted through my mind when I expertly forked a small buffalo byte into my mouth. Seriously, it's pretty hard to tell that it's not actually chicken and I'm a self-proclaimed meatoisseur. If you really focus, you'll notice that the consistency isn't quite the same as meat, but it's a close call. Great flavoring, tastes just like buffalo chicken wings (without the hassle of all the bones), and comes with a side of homemade ranch and pickled slaw.  I love that you can customize your fries, right down to the grains of salt that they're sprinkled with. Source Mini has fewer choices than SF's main restaurant, but I still highly recommend the chipotle sea salt and the Gilroy garlic sauce. Vegan ketchup tastes different too. A good different. Surprisingly, the burgers there are quite filling. I was fully expecting to be hungry after eating at Source (cuz let's face it, no meat). The dense patties are a combination of beets, celery, lentils, 'shrooms, rice, and herbs and I assure you, you'll definitely feel full after eating these veggies.   Verdict: whether you're vegan or not, you should definitely check out Source Mini. Who knew rabbit food - I mean, vegetables, could be so tasty?  

                True story:  I'm an omnivore who prefers her burgers and sandwiches with some meat.  I'm a skeptic when it comes to vegan and vegetarian restaurants, as faux meats tend to be rubbery or too chewy or just plain weird tasting.  Well, my friends, let me tell you.  As someone who grew up on meat-filled dishes, I had a hard time discerning that this marvelous stuff called "oink," "moo," and "quack" was actually NOT MEAT!    It's not just the flavor of the faux meat.  It's the texture, the density, and the satisfying grill taste that enhances the faux meat's natural flavor.  I ordered the banh mi and got to try some of my friend's avocado oink burger...both were fantastic.    Admittedly, I did hesitate to shell out $8 for banh mi when I know I can get a meaty one down the street for $3.  While it is expensive, I think the banh mi at Source Mini is actually more filling than a $3 meaty one.  That's because Source Mini's banh mi is chock full with locally sourced, fresh veggies and other fixin's like jalapeno that complement the "quack" (faux duck) meat very well!  I also got an order of rosemary sea salt fries for $2 more.  The fries were slightly crunchy, not oily, and flavored just the right amount.  Restaurants like Source Mini make me happy that I live in Berkeley and in the Bay Area.  It seems more and more vegan places are popping up around the area, including grocery stores like Republic of V!  I would recommend Source Mini to my vegan friends in a heartbeat, but will warn them that there is very little seating.  Source Mini is predominantly a vegan fast food, to-go sort of establishment, so make sure you have a back up plan for where to sit if not right at the bar.  

                The Source has Finally come to The East Bay! I had heard of their impending opening at this tiny mini-mall located in North Berkeley. After what seemed like months (it was only weeks) they opened on a sunny weekend to long lines of ravenous customers...  Ok, well maybe perhaps the lines weren't long at all as I believe not too many people frequent the "Epicurious Garden" that Source Mini is located in. I'm sure this will all change when folks 'round here find out what's up. I'm just happy my honey treated me to some delicious comfort food after a beer filled afternoon. Perfect ending to a perfect day.  Just like the fantastic original Source in SF, this mini version serves up some of the best Vegan food in the area. However unlike in SF, this location is ALL VEGAN baby!! It only makes sense as this helps to alleviate any confusion. Most folks equate Vegetarian=Vegan anyways so why not make it so. For this reason alone, I would choose Mini over SF. Another difference is that there is almost no seating and everything is served in to go containers. Not that the food isn't cooked to order. Quite the opposite actually.  As a regular from the SF location, I was happy to see that they plundered away at least two of their best employees to lead the way here in Berkeley. The tattooed Asian girl and the hipster (I know, I know, that could be anyone that works here) dude bring over a friendly demeanor as well as knowledge of the food served here.  I used to visit Source in SF weekly in my "bachelor days". Most of the time I would order the Avocado Oink Bit Burger. It quickly became my favorite thing on the menu. At first the fact they served the burger in a pita pocket was kinda odd but quickly grew on me. Here @ Mini, they now use a bun. I'm not sure which I prefer but it is kinda nice to eat a burger out of a bun just like "normal" burgers. In fact it's not an ordinary bun. It's more of an "Acme style" roll. And you'll be hard pressed to find a better plant based burger than Source's beet burger. It's my favorite and I'm sure it'll be yours soon!  We also ordered the Philly Cheese Moo (served on above mentioned bun) and I was shocked that I never ordered this before! "Moo" with caramelized onions, dripping with a nacho cheese sauce. This hit the spot in my beer filled tummy! It's one of better things I've tasted in a while and I'm eager to try it the SF version to compare.  We got an order of the chili and as a huge chili fan, this one is a pass. No real chili flavor going on here. Just bland beans and some brown rice. No thanks!  As a "Source expert", I'll have to say this is as good or better than anything that comes outta SF. The SF Source has started to become a little iffy on consistency overall. Maybe they've gon' Hollywood and need to get back to their roots. Hopefully that won't become of this new Mini location. What I can say about this new location is everything was fantastic on our first visit. I don't see any reason why that won't continue.   I smell what The Source Mini is cookin', and it smells damned good!  To see it from another perspective and with a whole bunch more photos, check out what my babygirl has to say about it... <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz/source-mini-berkeley#hrid:Te8Soe_4Xs6sh0AqWtTbxw">yelp.com/biz/source-mini…</a>  

                Need a healthy meal on the go? Don't want to ruin your new year's resolution of trying to lose weight? Actually want to try out a vegan diet?  We'll drop that green juice and head over to the new kid on the block...Source Mini located in Epicurious Garden.  Source Mini is what I call the "baby" of Source in SF.  I don't want to compare them to the main restaurant since it is similar but also different.  This place offers an ALL VEGAN menu.  Many of you are wondering what is the difference between Vegan and Vegetarian?  The only difference is Vegans don't eat egg or dairy.  Vegetarians do.  So what type of "cheese" does Source Mini use?  Cheese can be produced by using cashews and other nut base.  So if you are allergic to nuts in anyway, make sure you let them know your allergy.  They offer a variety of sandwiches, burgers, salads, dosadillas (a thick filled crepe), hot dogs, buffalo bytes, tacos, and dessert.  A meal will cost you about $7.50 - $10 before taxes.  The portions here are huge and can easily be shared.  "In-house" baked white bread is used for the burgers (no pita).  If you're going to try anything...try the AVOCADO OINK BITS RAW MOZZARELLA, it defines the meaning of burger.  Looks like a burger but taste like heaven and less fat calories.  Don't beat my beets!! Try it before saying "ehhh me think not".    With every good, there has to be some bad...it's called balance of life.  It's also called "Grand Opening"...So what is the bad part of Source Mini?  Seating and lack of it!  Only 3 seats available, this is the definition of To-Go.  Yes, you can take it back home if you live close, but what if you don't?  You can always head to a park, but what if it's freezing outside? Then you're only option is eating it in your car.  Dessert cost the same as the original restaurant but much smaller.   As a former omnivore, heck let me just admit it carni-whore, who turned vegan permanently after one day of eating at Source in SF.  Then realizing how good vegan food can be, here is your chance to see how the other world lives.  Maybe, you may like it.  So don't knock it, unless you try it!! Trust me you will not just like it....because you will LOVE IT!!  

                This place was a great find! I don't always eat vegan, but I was really craving a burger. Sometimes i just get tired of the same old meat patty.  The "avocado oink bits raw mozzarella" burger was awesome! One of the chefs who came up with the recipe for this burger asked me if I liked it after I mentioned I wasn't too familiar with vegan cuisine. I had to admit I was quite pleased with his creation and appreciated him taking the time to inquire. Extra kudos for the friendly and welcoming staff!  

                After a long yet fun-filled day in Berkeley, I had very little in my belly except sugar and caffeine. I was craving some *real* food.   I was overjoyed to see that Source had an East Bay location! I am beyond stoked. Berkeley is a pretty sweet little town. I definitely enjoy spending time there, despite the plethora of college kids all over the streets. Makes me feel old sometimes, tee hee.   Source Mini lives up to its name. It's a little counter surrounded by other food and dessert shops across the street from Andronico's. The staff is really sweet. I ordered the Spicy Pepper Onion Burger with fries and a side of creamy gilroy garlic sauce. The veggie burger was delectable. And gigantic! I would highly recommend ordering one of these and splitting it with a friend, just so you have room for one of their heavenly desserts.   Oh, and did I mention that absolutely everything on their menu is vegan?! HIP HIP HOORAY! What can I say, I get all giddy like a kid in a candy store whenever I find another vegan paradise. I can't help but wish that the SF location would do the same and eliminate dairy from their menu, but it's all good. I will definitely frequent this little shop more often.   One minor complaint (and this is very minor): the fries were a touch too salty. Then again, I am a real wuss when it comes to salt. I had to chug two glasses of water to quench my thirst after I was finished. Maybe next time, I will kindly ask that they don't add any extra sal to my papas fritas. I just don't want to be such a Negative Nancy, as everything else was stellar and crazy delicious.   I would recommend finding a nice little park to have your meal in, as there are literally three chairs for dine-in customers. A grassy spot near UC Berkeley would be perfect. Have a cold beverage and catch some rays. Don't forget your sunscreen! (Make sure it's not tested on animals, because that's just mean as hell).   Honestly, I feel like this is a place that both vegans and omnivores could (and should) enjoy together. It's not super hippie-dippie like other places can be, so I felt very welcome and at ease.   This is now my favorite place in Berkeley. Please check them out and let me know what you think.  

                YES!! So glad Source is in my 'hood-- have been going to the one in Potrero Hill since they opened. They are worth going over the bridge for, but now there is no need. Glad this location is all vegan :)  Twinkees &Heaven Dogs are AWESOME!!! Snowballs are tasty, too.  Love all the sandwiches- my fave is the avocado club. my little one loves the Bahn Mi. can't go wrong with their burgers-- be sure to get a side of fries with rosemary salt & garlic sauce.  

                I'm going threw fire pot withdrawals please bring it to this location and will drive 26 miles from my house to eat it every day! Please!!!!!! I pay double or triple if I have too. Life sucks without fire pot.  

                The food here is delicious, prices are reasonable and portions large. I appreciate that they have a good variety of gluten free choices and that everything is vegan. The dosadillas, rollsa, pesto clutch and mushroom madness griddle pie are so tasty. The fries and live lettuce tacos are good too. For dessert they have rich chocolate mousse, peanut butter cookies and cupcakes that are all gluten free and flavorful. My family likes the banh mi sandwich and heaven dogs which are like chocolate covered twinkies. We usually enjoy our meal in the garden courtyard. Their frequent buyer program gives you points to get free food.  

                I have always been a fan of the burgers. And I definitely get their buffalo bites as often as I can. But today, I had banh mi for the first time. Amazing!!  My new favorite.  I will still go to the Source in SF, but the Mini here in Berkeley is my Source.  

                I was drawn to Source Mini by recommendations from friends.  I had the avocado quack club sandwich with a side of fries and also tasted a tiny bit of my dining buddy's Twinkie.  I liked the fries, which were made with safflower oil.  The sandwich was pretty good at first, but then I got tired of the taste well before the end of the sandwich.  The Twinkie was awesome, of course, but you knew that in advance.  Mitchell Fox was behind the counter when we were there -- cool!  Relatively few people were eating lunch at the counter when we visited, but there was a reasonably steady stream of to-go orders.  I'm delighted that there's a new vegan/vegetarian option in town, but I think that I like Kirala 2 about 10 times better than I like the quack.  

                The place is ok. It is clearly a comfort food sort of place for vegans. The french fry portions are very generous. I used to eat the BLTO "rollsa" (play on Dosa) which is gluten free chickPea flour, deep fried tofu (the "oink" bacon I think they call it) and some greens. The gilroy garlic sauce is good (cashew based I believe.)  The portion of this meal got smaller. It is quite greasy so I stopped eating it. The gluten free pizza is marginal...one problem is you can barely figure out how to eat it. It falls apart.  If I really feel decadent, I'll go there for fries only. The service is good at the counter (minimal table service.)  

                We were so excited to try the food here!  Reading the menu online only made things worse and then we had to put off coming here a week due to illness.  Maybe our expectations were a trifle too high.....   First of all we didn't realize that this was located in a mini food court and that there would be very little seating. They have a few bar stools and there are some mini tables in the courtyard, but it's not convenient at all for a family of four with young children. I was nervous the whole time that my 3-year old was going to fall of the stool. But it was ok.   Other than the seating arrangement, the food court aspect works for us. Order at the counter, quick food concept. Good when you have impatient kids. Food still took too long for the kids (wait time wasn't actually bad at all) and they ended up eating a bars before the food came out.   We ordered the live lettuce tacos, the Bahn Mi burger, the squash and mushroom dosadilla, and a gluten-free pizza for the kids (cashew cheese only as I knew they wouldn't touch the mushrooms that normally come with it).   Second big strike against them was that they completely forgot to make the tacos. My husband had to ask for them again at the end of the meal and we took them to go. Ironically, these ended up being the best part of our order.   Third big strike was that they made things a bit fattier than they needed to be. The main reason why we try to eat vegan/vegetarian is to put as many vegetables and healthy fats in our diet as much as possible. Kind of defeats the purpose when everything is fried and greasy!  Food:  Lettuce tacos: spicy and delicious. Full of flavor. You will not miss the tortilla. They are quite spicy so be warned. I give these 5 stars.   Bahn Mi burger: I was so excited by the beet burger and it could have been amazing, but it was seriously overcooked to the point where it was charred black. I also thought that the hoisin sauce was way too sweet and not in keeping with the Bahn Mi theme. I don't think I've ever had a Bahn Mi sandwich with hoisin on it. However, the texture of the burger patty itself was great (not mush like some others I've tried), the bun was awesome (but it wasn't whole wheat and it was "buttered"), and the slaw on top was really good. I give this 3 stars.   Dosadilla: The other winner of the order. Filling was really, really good. However, the dosa itself was way too greasy. Dosas do not need to be that fried. My husband also thought it needed salt, but he's a salt fiend. I would give this a 4.   Pizza: It was o.k. My son liked it. My daughter didn't. I thought it was pretty good for being gluten free, but I've also had gluten free pizzas that were way more close to the real thing. The texture of the dough was completely different than real pizza dough. It also wasn't worth $9.95 being really small. I would give this a 2 to 2.5 rating.   We still want to come back and try additional items on the menu. I think I may enjoy one of the other burger styles more or one of the healthier items available.  

                VEGAN review: I've been to their SF location so I was really excited to check this place out. Everything is to go but it's not so bad since they do have a patio area.   I got the coconut raspberry cake and chocolate sprinkle donut. The donut was DIVINE, better than what I've had at Pepples. Can't wait to eat the cake!  

                Oink burger was so good, looking forward to going back and trying other things!  

                Had my first meal at Source Mini recently. The place is a little tough to be aware of as it's in a sort of food court and not prominently signed on the street. I had the burger, Vietnamese style in the Dosa. The meal was delicious, though somewhat greasy, but I found the price quite high for what you get (in part because I feel the need to leave a decent tip, even for a counter clerk, so my meal cost $17, and so, sadly, I would only eat there very occasionally.  

                Love this place! So many vegan options! So far my favorite menu find is the Buffalo Sriracha Rollsa! So good!  

                Update: I tried their burgers a few times since my first visit, and they are always burnt. Not just slightly burnt, but the entire exterior is transformed into a giant crust of carbon - so much that it altered the entire taste of the burger and made it somewhat bitter. Veggie burgers don't need to look as dark as beef to be considered a burger - it's just bad taste!  So, despite the good dosa-ritos, the burnt burgers sadly detract from my formerly positive reception of the food here.. I'd recommend sticking to the other options.  

                I'm not sure why everything I have here just does not hit the spot.  I started off with a banh-mi. And I was really thoroughly disappointed. It was just NOT a banh-mi. And I'm vegetarian so it's not like I really have insight into what a pork banh-mi is to be like anyway. I'm just spoiled by the Chairman and the Green Cyclo that it's really hard for me to just fall in love easily.  Then I was told the oink burger would hit my avocado craving and people, I nearly threw up after my second bite. Something was so off. I don't know what or why. The patty wasn't something I enjoyed at all. In fact, and I'm stunning myself by saying this, I enjoy Saturn's burgers (which I rarely get) way more than I enjoyed this one.  The fries were just poorly prepared as well and weren't enjoyable past the first 5 minutes of the meal, after which they went soggy and limp.   The only thing I enjoy, the twinkie bar, which despite being sickeningly sweet, is quite nice considering it's vegan and all.  

                As an east coaster, the idea of a restaurant being entirely vegan was completely foreign to me. It was beyond my comprehension that "cluck" "quack" and "moo" were not cute names for meat. Once I got clarification from the good gentleman at the cash register, I went on an ordering frenzy!   I had the buffalo bites, the Moo Lettuce and the Avocado Oink Burger. The buffalo bites were a little dry, but that was overcome by the delicious cashew and dill dipping sauce - which tasted like it was made with dill just cut from the garden. I definitely needed two containers of the dipping sauce because it was so good. The Moo Lettuce was delicious, but could benefit from either a little more of the slightly spicy topping or a little bit of hot sauce or diced tomatoes. The burger had a delicious char from the grill and stays together like a regular burger. I gobbled it down quite quickly.   When I mentioned to the good gentleman at the register that I was getting a second burger for my flight home the next morning, he offered to pack each part separately. I was so impressed by the customer service displayed by this gesture - especially since there was a line of customers behind me.   I gave the Pepper burger to my uber-carnivorous fiance upon return home and he loved it! He was completely silent while eating it and downed it in a few minutes. He is my general tester for approval of good vegan food - and this burger passed with flying colors!  I also shared the vegan twinkie with a non-vegan and we both agree that hands down it is far better than a regular twinkie.   Source Mini: do you have any plans to expand to Washington, DC???  

                Fast, healthy, vegan, delicious. What more could I ask for?  This is a pay and order kind of place, with a few chairs around the area. Their menu is amazing- pizzas, burgers, lettuce cups, etc- and all 100% vegan.  I paid $13 for the avocado pink bits and raw mozzarella with a side of fries, and I think it was completely worth it. I've paid up to 22 dollars for burgers with meat, so 13 wasn't bad for me. Also, considering the delicious ingredients they use for their burger- it's perfectly reasonable. Seriously, this place is amazing and I can't wait to go back. Their burger kept me full for hours!  

                This place is a super solid vegan place, and the location is in a cool marketplace surrounded by other yummy things (Gelato literally within breathing distance.... it's like they put it there on purpose)  I had the BLTO... shiz was delicious, oh - and as a self professed "Fry Connoisseur" their fries are f*cking bomb. +for all the yummy sauces they offer with them.   I highly recommend this place to any vegan, food lover, fry lover, people lover, or just any person in general ;)  Ps. the staff is pretty awesome too.  

                I had the BLTO and the first few bites were flavorful, especially with the yummy horseradish sauce, but more bites into it, the sandwich was pretty dry. I needed just a tad more sauce or even more tomatoes. I didn't care much for the cluck, though there was a plentiful amount. I'm pretty sure I didn't get any "oink bits" I just realized, which is a shame, could've added flavor. The bread was delicious though, soft and chewy. I also had a side of fries and I loved the ketchup. Friend said it was housemade and it reminded me of tomato paste, but in a good way! Definitely a different style of ketchup than I'm used to. Sandwich is decent size and I was full after half, so had leftovers (it was even drier later).  Overall, it was really meh but I do want to come back and try the burgers.  

                I'm not vegan.  Like, I'm really not vegan.  It's very rare that I have a meal that's without some kind of meat.  BUT, I would tear into a Gilroy with gluten-free wrap and fries over a burger any day.  Seriously.  Also, rosemary sea salt fries.  What?!  Staff is super friendly and are really knowledgable about what's in the food.  They're a great addition to the gourmet ghetto.  

