                Where have you been all my life?  I came here for the first time a week ago and I came back again today. The ceviche tostadas are a MUST. The ceviche is perfectly marinated on a perfect crunchy tostada with salsa that's just the right amount of spicy. Also, the lengua and al pastor tacos are just as equally delicious.  

                Kind of upsetting.  Ive been looking forward to coming here for so long. I ordered shrimp taco, carne asada taco, and al pastor super burrito.  Shrimp taco: cooked onions and chopped shrimp. The shrimp had an off flavor may be not super fresh or it was just a strong taste. Corn tortilla was nice and pliable.  Carne asada: better.  Meat was cooked well. Both tacos served w a lemon wedge.   Super burrito: many raved about al pastor so I ordered it. Not as great as everyone made it seem. .strong spices when tasted like cinnamon was slightly overpowering. Meat tender.  Just not thrown on the grill as I like it. Thick burrito for $6.50 was a deal though.  Nothing made me want to finish it..wouldn't come all this way for it.  Nice ratio of cheese, cream,  avocado, onion and cilantro to the refried beans, rice and meat. It wasn't overly greasy which was good.  Maybe ill try it with another meat instead.   Lesson learned: skip pastor and shrimp taco here :/  

                First visit today - rare event to have hubby with me on a week-non-holiday lunch. Hubby loved the shrimp and octopus soup. We also split a super chicken burrito and I got a pastor taco. Whole Jalapenos on the side were delicious: in vinegar, so not as spicy as the dry, sliced ones.  I found the chicken to be a little stinky (not very fresh) and not very flavorful. The pastor was dry and overcooked, but delicious.  I always wonder if taco trucks use MSG in their foods, since I have never been able to replicate the taste at home with any homemade or even gourmet taco seasoning with no MSG. But overall, pretty good - 3 stars.  I should try the chorizo taco the next time. Food trucks spook me because I always wonder where they wash their hands - but hey - apparently this is the only way to get a decent taco! Cash only.  

                Come here for the seafood (specifically shrimp and fish) tostadas!    The line can get really long and slow sometimes... they usually take one order at a time, make the food, give that person/group their food, then take the next order.  The seafood tastes very fresh, with the exception of the octopus.  That was chewy and rubbery.  It might have just been overcooked.  I tried a variety of tacos (carnitas, asada, pastor, lengua) and they were all okay.  They could have had more flavor and crispiness but the latter is more of a cooking style preference.  Both the tostada and tortillas they use are really really good.  Prices are very reasonable.  Most tostadas are $2, tacos are $1.50, and super burrito is $6.50.  

                Another review that I was super excited to write because my al pastor super burrito was to die for!  I ate half of my burrito at the Niles park and saved the other half for dinner. For $6.50, you get a fully packed burrito. They definitely don't skimp out on you. It was a perfect amount of tortilla, cheese, beans, rice, al pastor meat, and avocados. Omg the avocados were so fresh and plentiful in my burrito. I got some for every bite I took!   What's also awesome is that the burrito itself was delicious enough (the jalapeño just added that extra extra kick). Some burritos I have had taste pretty bland and I need to drown it in tapatio or other hot sauces for it to be somewhat satisfying, but this burrito was bursting with flavors!  Lastly, you know the food is good when I can't even last an hour of not touching my leftovers, hahaha!! I wasn't even hungry, but I devoured the second half because I couldn't stop thinking about how good it was.   I can honestly say that it was one of the best burritos I've ever had. Of course I will be back!  

                Just out here randomly and saw this place. Good reviews... And I see why. Some of the best al pastor I have ever had. The carnitas were juicy and crispy and the asada was moist and not even a little dry. Excellent salsa and handmade tortillas. Amazing.  

                Absolutely delishhhh! I had 3 shrimp tacos from heaven. I paid $6 for it, it was overflowing with shrimp. This cook deserves a "BRAVO AMIGO"! Will def return.  

                Mixed review.    This is a taco truck parked on the lot of a self serve car wash in the Niles district.  There's a sign that says parking on the car wash property is not allowed when you're at the taco truck, so that leaves street parking.  That can be tough depending on the time and the day because the Niles business district is thriving.  There's a small park on the north side of the car wash where you can sit and eat.  The menu is pretty standard.  This is mainly a taco and burrito place, though they have the usual items.  One thing I haven't seen before, even in Mexico, is the galletas, which are large crackers.  Think of it as similar to a tostada, but it's a large cracker.  I'm guessing it's some regional specialty, since they're so much regional food in Mexico.  The meats are excellent.  We had, on a tostada and in tacos, the chicken, carnitas, pastor, asado, and shrimp.  The tacos use the very small food truck size tortillas, but then they're only $1.50 so that works out.  They only have bottled hot sauces, no salsas,  and I didn't like any of the bottled ones.  Yeah, I'm particular about hot sauces and salsas.  They also don't have any toppings (cilantro, chopped onions, oregano, etc).  Nor do they have other extras that many places have (like pickled onions, carrots, jalapenos).  So this place just seemed to be lacking something  to me.  And then they overcharged me.  It was obvious because the math was simple.  4 x $1.50 + $4. Does she get away with this with other customers?  I don't think they're worth a drive, but it's OK if you're in Niles.  Cash only.  

                Mexican food truck located in the parking lot of a self-serve car wash on Niles Blvd. They have interesting hours, so make sure you check their hours before you head over there - chances are, they may not be there!!  My husband got some tacos & I got a regular steak burrito. The tacos were good, and my burrito was flavorful, and slightly spicy!  Our only peeve is their hours. They close early so we can never come here for dinner.  

                Cheap, delicious tacos- I'm all for it! I will warn you that the wait is long, and it does take a while to get your food. You wouldn't think that for a taco truck, but I think it's because they offer a decent variety such as the shrimp cocktail stuff that takes much longer to make. The wait was definitely longer that I like, but oh well.   The tacos however were good! I had one taco with pastor, one with asada, and one with lengua. The lengua one was surprisingly good, since the lengua was soft and juicy. Asada was good as well, but the pastor was excellent! I would definitely come back, since this is totally my type of eatery. Hopefully next time, the line is shorter and they make the food a tad faster.  

                We had heard about this local haunt and meant to try it several times- unfortunately we hadn't been able to try it out until now. After a morning of Spring cleaning on a Sunday we decided to treat ourselves. Bf got 4 tacos- 2 pork and 2 steak; I had 2 tacos both chicken. They were very fast but also you could tell they were being made fresh (no pre-orders prepared here!) It cost us only around $10 and that included gatorades as well!  We really enjoyed the fresh sauces they use on their tacos and would return in the future. For my first ever food truck I was pleasantly surprised!  

                Very good burritos and tacos.  Fish tacos are fresh.  Shrimp burrito is the bomb. Shrimp cocktail is off the hook  

                Carne Asada and Shrimp tacos! Bomb this taco truck is the best in town. I grew up eating their tacos and will never stop. I support them 100% and send all my friends and family here. Fantastic 5 stars hands down.  

                Crap! Now I'm torn! I went back to Taco Negris today and gave their chorizo tacos a shot. Not only were they amazing but they rival the pastor!!! The chorizo is moist and packs great flavor. Also, the texture, obviously, is different than the pastor. If you're looking for something meatier, go with the pastor. If you're looking for something more like moist ground beef, go with the chorizo. They're both wins in my book - you can't go wrong with either one. My standard order next time, and from now on, will be two chorizo tacos and two pastor tacos. Let's just say I think they're equally bomb!   Get your taco on!!!  

                Not the absolute best taco truck I've been to but it is the best taco truck in the area!! Love their chorizo and asada tacos. They raised the prices $1.50 a taco but thats ok, its delicious.   Super burrito is great too. They are generous with the amount of meat and they add a lot of avocados to it which is pretty much what you are paying extra for. I kinda wish there was more rice in the burrito even though rice is basically the filler and wish the burrito came with some salsa since the burrito overall was missing that sour / vinegary factor. Overall, the tacos are better than the burrito so I think I'll stick to the tacos next time.   Cool location too. Its in the historic part of the niles. Grab some tacos with a friend and chill on the benches in front of the historic railroad. :)  

                This taco truck has me coming back for more when a burrito craving hits. It's still confirmed that they have the best burritos I've ever had. Some might find it on the oilier side but go big or go home.This time I got the al pastor super burrito and it's soo good. So flavorful and they don't even skimp on meat, which is the best part. Every ingredient really blends well together, you don't need a sauce to add flavor at all.   DEFINITELY TRY!  

                I'm so happy this taco truck is located in Fremont! Taco Negris makes some of the most flavorful burritos and tacos I've ever had in my life! In the past 5 years, I have tried sooo much Mexican food and burritos and you really don't get this amount of flavor often. A lot of reviews rave about their asada, shrimp or pastor, but I find that their chicken is just as amazing. Very often, chicken tends to be overcooked and dry when grilled for Mexican food and can lack flavor, but not the chicken at Taco Negris! The flavor is practically grilled into the chicken that is still juicy and soft. Asada can be a little dry, especially if not enjoyed immediately, but still packs a lot of flavor.   The chicken super burrito was especially amazing to me, personally. Instead of guacamole, they give you chunks of avocado which can be both good and bad. The good thing is the the flavor is more concentrated and stronger but the bad is that it's not spread throughout the burrito. Their tortilla is not very thick, which allows the flavor to be tasted in every bite.   Someone said that the burrito is dry without the sour cream and beans, but I find that the burrito is juicy and PERFECT (the chicken one.) If you like chicken like me, you won't regret getting the chicken super burrito or the chicken taco!! (:  

                You couldn't ask for a better authentic taco. The carnitas is the best! Very friendly and pretty fast even when the line is long, which is most of the time.  

                This is probably the only taco truck in Fremont worth trying. Actually its the only mexican spot I would actually eat Mexican food from when in Fremont. This is literally beyond a hole in the wall, and I love it. They give the fattest tacos in Fremont. The flavors are fresh and clean.   Line was kinda long, but then again... It good food, so arrive early.  

                We ended up coming here right before they closed on Friday because we didn't want to cook dinner. So we wanted to get a few things but specifically fish tacos but we heard that they were out. The lady in front of us begged them to make some and they luckily had some left just enough for her and us. I got to say the food here is better than most Mexican restaurants we've been to and that's a lot. One more thing FISH TACOS ARE THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD!!!!  

                5 star for the tostada mixta coctail (shrimp, octopus and fish), 4 star for the steak, al pastor and shrimp tacos. I like the shrimp tacos best, even t ho  the shrimp they use was small.  

                - great tacos and burritos. I haven't tried other stuff here..  

                I tried their quesadila super carne asada for $6 and it was pretty tasty.  It was topped with slices of tomatoes, avocados and lettuce. Minus one star because these toppings were not fresh-it looks like they were sliced hours ago.  Did they even refrigerate it after slicing?--not sure because the quesadilla came in hot.  Not the best I have tried before but the serving is huge and it is at reasonable price.  

                The burritos are the best! The ship burrito is the BEST. Staff is very nice and they give you good amount but you have to pay for extra salsa :(  

                After reading all the great reviews I had to go and checkout this place. Went around 1pm and there was a line now thats a good sign. I was all excited - reading the menu I think if you are a seafood fan you're in for a treat - shrimp, pulpo (octopus?), ceviche and what not. Have a fabulous selection of tacos, shrimp cocktails and what not - now I don't eat seafood so can't say much about it. I decided to try their veggie burrito - the only vegetarian thing on the menu, hmm thinking about it they have a cheese quesadilla. The burrito came with a whole pickled jalapeño - man was that good. It was a filling lunch and all for $5 - can't beat that. I would definitely go back for the burrito and next time I might ask them for a veggie taco its not on the menu but I guess they can make it - looked like a very friendly bunch running the place.  

                I went here yesterday with my brother after a 20 mile bike ride, so the hunger was definitely there. I've driven by this place a few times and have read some of the reviews from other people, so I wanted to try it out for myself. Long ride, and so close to my parent house, decided to stop by.  Me and my bro tried the al pastor, carne asada, and shrimp tacos. The al pastor tacos, in one word...bomb. Definitely the best al pastor in the area. The Carne asada was alright, I've had better. And the shrimp was cooked well and had just a little butter-tang, so I'd consider them above average. Biked home feelin' gooood.  So to make this a thorough review, I went today to try the fish tacos. FYI, only served on Fridays. I went with my brother, my son and my lady. My lady and bro said the fish tacos were just alright, but I frikkin loved 'em, especially for $1.5 a taco. Also tried the carnitas, which was above average, but definitely couldn't resist getting the al pastor again.  Me and bro had 6 tacos each, which on the drive home didn't sit right. Just way too full. Lady had three and really loved the pastor. My son had their rice and beans which he always likes eating when we do Mexican. I also ordered him a cabeza quesadilla which was a little on the oily wet side, but was soft and full of flavor. We all tried a piece cause of its large portioning, that's probably what set me over on the full scale.  Overall, food here is awesome. The first day there, one other customer even said that they had the best tacos in the Bay Area, really bold statement. Stick to the al pastor, and definitely give the seafood a try. I want to go back to try the mixed ceviche plate and the chorizo. 5 stars cause of price and pastor. Message to the staff cookin', keep up the good work, and see you ladies soon!  

                This is the only place where I get my super borritos! I used to come here yard ago and yesterday was the first day in 5years and its just as good as I remember!!!!!  

                SHRIMP TACOS. I REPEAT: SHRIMP TACOS.  If you're not there for shrimp tacos, take your wallet elsewhere because I have never had anything there that could even shine a light to their delicious shrimp tacos. Everything else I've tried (lengua, al pastor, carne asada) is fine but doesn't even compare. So buckle your belts a notch wider ladies and gentleman, because once your tongue has a tiny taste of this seafood treat, there is no going back.  I've been struggling to find some kind of Mexican cuisine that can compare to the kind I've been oh-so-spoiled with from living 5 years in LA. This is definitely it. (Just the shrimp taco, though, I'm going to have to find my burrito fix elsewhere.)  Anyway, yeah. Shrimp tacos. Don't even think about anything else.  

                We ordered a chicken quesadilla for the kid, a super burrito for the husband and a few tacos for me. While I was walking back to the car I immediately spilled all the tacos so I can't say if they were tasty or not. I almost cried. Luckily the quesadilla was giant so I shared with the 3 year old who didn't complain and we were both full by the end. The husband liked his burrito but it needed a little something in my opinion. Overall, the food was pretty good, and the prices were reasonable. I'd like to come back and try their tacos.  

                I've never had food from a truck before Taco Negris was my first and I freaking got hooked!! I Ordered the steak taco and a drink and paid less than 5 dollars!!! I was impressed the food was delicious and its CHEAP I was sold this is officially my taco spot in fremont  ;-)  

                Greasy and great! Lines can be long and slow at times but well worth the wait. I've only had their tacos.  The tostadas while waiting for the food adds a communal feel to the place (may repel some folks). The ladies in the truck are super sweet.  

                This taco truck is par excellence. Ceviche on cracker is real. Fish tacos are clean. Shrimp cocktail is just right. This truck won't disappoint. This is a nice surprise in Freakmont.  

                So i was delivering for my job in fremont seen the yelp n had to try it, now im a Oakland taco truck man but this place is definatly tied for first now... The carne asada burrito= THE BOMB-DIGITY perfect seasoned chunks of meat n the nice lady threw some habanero hot sauce in there for me to add the perfect kick 6 out of 5 for sure  

                The shrimp burrito here is the best!  

                I love this truck but I didn't want to write a review due to the already ever-present long waits.  But I was brought up to share my fortunes, so here you go and your welcome in advance.  Tacos are legit and spot-on, taco truck economical.  Love the asada and the cabeza.  But what sets this truck apart from the others in this area is their feature of "mariscos".      Not only are their seafood fresh and tasty, but it is a notch cheaper than most mariscos shops.  $2.50 for a ceviche tostada that gives me flashbacks of vacations in Mazatlan.  5 bucks or so for a shrimp/octopus tostada that is loaded with meat and avocado.  10 spot for their "small" coktel and believe you-me, there ain't anythang small about this shit.  It's a pint size styrofoam cup of simple poached shrimp/octopus with its liquid and skillfully diced cucs, chile and onion.  Valentina hot sauce and ketchup come on side for you own doctorin'.  I don't think I even want to see their "large" coktel.  On a warm day, I am counting the minutes to lunch as this truck is 1.8 miles from my work.  Yes I gaged it.  1.8 miles to a cheap yet satisfying feast.  Is it lunchtime yet?!  

                I thought the tacos were delicious then I went to the burritos (omg).. but then I tried the tostadosdemixta.. (mind is blown away) this taco truck has yet again to disappoint me!!  

                I had a steak taco and a super steak burrito, light on the cheese and sour cream. The taco was good, but the burrito was even better. I also liked their green salsa. The meat was flavorful, instead of bland. This is one of the better tasting burritos from the casual places to get a burrito around here. Between the size and the price it is a great value. The only other place I'd go around here would be Rubios, which is tasty but costs more.   Cons: This taco truck closes early, and you have to get your food to-go.  

                For a brief 3 years i lived across the street from this food truck and then sadly moved to hayward. but even living so far away has not deterred my love for the burritos from this friendly truck. i love their al pastor and find myself comparing every other Mexican joint to this.  

                I was looking forward to trying this taco truck but unfortunately was a little disappointed. The tacos are $1.25 each and I ordered 4 ( $5 dinner...not bad!), however the tortillas were not cooked all the way and tasted a bit dry and the meat was not too tasty. I don't think the woman put salsa on my tacos which would have helped with flavor but the meat/onions/cilantro alone were not enough.  I wouldn't mind trying this truck again but would definitely make sure I asked for extra sauce.  I also liked how they packed the tacos to go (in a Styrofoam plate with plastic wrap sealed tight)- good for travel!  

                Solid tacos from a tiny truck in Niles, of all places.  Inexpensive, tasty ingredients, and free entire jalapenos.  Definitely worth a lunch.  

