                I cannot say enough good things about Los Pericos; they have a long-established reputation in the Bay Area at pretty much all of their locations, and it's for very good reason!  I appreciate a taqueria that stays true to it's roots, traditional artwork and all. Anything that looks too fancy inside simply cannot be trusted to produce true, authentic, delicious Mexican food. Another part of this is delivering delicious, quality food without having to take out a loan just to add some guacamole to your burrito (ahem, Chipotle). The prices are more than fair, you will walk out satisfied for $10 or less!  I'd especially like to review their Pastor. Their heavenly, delicious, juicy pastor. Anyone who appreciates Pastor know that it's more than just a style of meat, it's a way of life. I am constantly searching for the "perfect pastor" and Los Pericos pretty much has it nailed. It is the perfect amount of spicy and tangy, the only thing I would change is the consistency: slices rather than shredded (but that is totally a personal preference!). I am drooling just typing this review as the thoughts of their pastor consume my brain.   OH, and good luck finishing their burritos as they are massive, which is a plus! They make a great hangover breakfast the next day. You're welcome.  

                2/5/15 - I was thinking about this place and wondering if they make good enchiladas.  To my surprise they do and the beans and rice were on point to.  I ordered three combo meals for me and my two cousins.  Our family started this year out with a big death and we need comfort right now.  Thank you Los Pericos for an enjoyable meal.  The only thing I did not like was the $1.75 take-out charge for each meal.  

                I usually frequent the ones in Hayward, so this was my first time at this location.   Ordered:  Carnitas Taco- Dry. Not much flavor and not crispy either. Just dry...I had to douse the taco in salsa.   Al Pastor Taco- Super flavorful. Pork was tender with just the right amount of flavor and sauce. I could have eaten a whole plate of this!   Keep in mind, the AWESOME thing about these tacos is that it is PACKED with MEAT. With my two tacos, I made four tacos with the extra tortilla (each taco comes with two tortillas). Not too shabby for $5.44.   I will definitely be back to try the other meats. Keep in mind there's no carne asada at this location.  

                This place is way expensive for a taqueria! a tiny little street taco should not cost almost three dollars when all you get on it is cilantro and onions, that's insane!   A super burrito and large soda cost my friend $10.   The meat had a little too much fat and not enough flavor in order for me to actually say I enjoyed the food. Apparently the burrito was good, but my taco was not. The rice is good and that's about it.  Think I'll go down the street to casa Maria where I know it's good and authentic, oh and not way over priced.  

                Carne asada super burrito was pretty legit. Not as fat as the place I frequent in Hayward, but definitely long (cue the double entendres). The salsa bar they have doesn't have as extensive of a selection as I expected, but still, it's reasonable. Probably unfair to compare it to the Hayward joint, as that has really raised the bar for me in terms of Mexican food. Place was pretty busy on a Saturday night. Seating is like a pizzeria, no reservations and pick where you want to sit. I also like getting the "super" option includes guacamole (that is sometimes an upcharge). It's in downtown San Leandro, so I'd be back if I was in the area. It's literally a two minute walk from Tapioca Express and the Safeway, which are essentially located in the same plaza. I believe you can leave your food on the table and it'll be bussed for you (at least I hope that's the case, since I left my food there...sorry to the staff if you can't!)  

                On Saturday, 9/6/14, my girlfriend picked me up a carnitas super burrito to go from Los Pericos #5. I usually eat at the Los Pericos located in the Pelton Center. This was my first time trying the #5 location.   The carnitas burrito was really good. The carnitas tasted fresh and had a good flavor. The pork wasn't greasy at all. The rice, refried beans, cheese and sour cream tasted really good along with the carnitas. The flour tortilla tasted good too. The size of the burrito was pretty big.   I'm skeptical about ordering food to go at restaurants because there is usually something wrong with my order and I won't notice until I get home so by then I just have to deal with it and eat it. Los Pericos #5 got my order right and the burrito hit the spot.   Los Pericos has good Mexican food. If you're ever in the area and are craving fresh tasty Mexican food give Los Pericos #5 a try.  

                My go to for Mexican food. Super quesadilla and wet burritos, so delicious!  Staff is friendly and quick to help you, prices are good and they have a lot of options!  Always really dirty inside, but they have a constant flow of customers at all times, so I understand. Just wipe your table and dig in!  

                Was pretty good for sure. Good amount in there burritos. Good flavor. Good quality. I'd come back for sure.  

                I used to live in industrial San Leandro and I had my go-to taco places, like Taqueria El Gordo, and since moving into Downtown San Leandro I needed to find my new go-to place. Luckily, my boyfriend found it first! I had been here in high school for a quick bite with friends but I seemed to have forgotten about it after moving back to San Leandro. This place is basically walking distance from our new apartment!!  You have you normal menu up above the registrar and you can't go wrong with tacos! I ordered a Super Burrito, spicy with everything, for the boyfriend and then ordered a Vegetarian Burrito for myself, I didn't want anything too big, and a couple steak tacos.   They have a salsa bar that you can help yourself too while you wait for your food. I am a fan of the avocado salsa and pico de gallo. There is even pickled onion, peppers, lime wedges to doctor up your food!  The wait wasn't very long and we even got some chips with our order. The Burritos didn't disappoint and the tacos were mounded with meat! Totally worth every penny spent here!  Clearly this is my new Mexican food spot!! The place looked clean and there is seating inside and outside! The outside is nice because they in the courtyard area and it's pretty quiet and would be cool on a nice day!  I suggest trying their tacos, any meat, because of the value and quality of the food. You can add extra salsa from the salsa bar!  

                Good Mexican place! Everybody Who works here is really nice. The food was good and the place was busy. It could have been a bit more clean but that's my only complaint. I'll be back  

                This is the OTHER Los Pericos in the area (not the one in the Pelton Center). I personally enjoy the food from the Pelton Center location more. This location's food seems more greasy to me than what you would normally receive, but maybe I'm looking too much into it.  

                I've been coming here for years ever since this place was Pedro's and the menu has always been the same. you can order off the menu items such as a fajita burrito or taco's. the salsa bar is great with lots of choices and at this location you can get a chimichanga. the Agua Fresca's are always tasty, and the service is fast and friendly.   this location is much smaller than the one located just down the street but all three locations which are relatively close by to each other all offer up the same quality of food and service.  As for those who are complaining about the price it's relatively the same as all the other taqueria locations in the area and the food portions are rather large so you actually get what you pay for.  

                I don't get why anyone would come to this location given the difference in quality between this restaurant and the food at Pericos Market at E. 14th and Stokes, only a half mile away. Let me break it down for you.  At Perico's Market, the meat, veggies, tortillas and all the other toppings are super fresh. Every bite tastes made-to-order and delicious. At this place, the ingredients are not that fresh at all. Even the tortillas were soggy and bland. The carne asada was rubbery. My wife was thoroughly disappointed in her veggie taco, which should be hard to do wrong if the ingredients are good. And where it costs $1.75 for a regular taco at Perico's Market, it costs $2.50 here. You're paying more for worse food!  If you've had the food at Perico's Market, prepared to be disappointed if you come here. And pay extra for the pleasure.  

                Hands down my favorite place in the bay to get delicious Mexican food. Their chips and salsa are great (and free, like they should be at any self-respecting Mexican restaurant). I crave their burritos when I'm away at school, I think it's something about their tortillas that make them so delicious. The quesadillas are good too, and are basically just grilled burritos. My brother swears by the taco salad with al pastor, and my sister always gets a wet burrito with chicken/shrimp or their fish tacos, which are grilled not fried. The service is awesome too, the people that work there are always so nice. They get the food out to you fast, and I've never been disappointed with my meal.  

                So this little place was awesome sauce, stopped by here before flying out from Oakland. A little far from the airport but worth the drive. Very friendly staff, food quickly came out. Great Pastor tacos, I got 2, 3 would  have been too much, they are big, not street tacos. They did really pack them. The  Horchata was legit! S must stop Yelpers.  

                Went back and had tha carne asada plate ... The steak was over cooked and dry should gav stuck to the shrimp and steak burrito  

                This place is great.  Wish it were closer to Oakland.  Everything I've had has been good to great.  You also get a good amount of food for the money.   Tacos are not cheap ($2.50), but they're large.    The green salsa is addicting.  Plus, the rice and beans are vegetarian, which is great if you're someone who wants to enjoy a full Mexican meal.  

                I'm from East Los Angeles, where there is a taco stand/truck or taqueria in every corner.  I was visiting Oakland for work and was really craving some tacos.    I drove to Los Pericos and got two tacos, asada and al pastor.  Each were 2.49, I think, and I thought that was a bit much, but as soon as I saw my tacos, I was thrilled.  They were on regular sized tortillas and FULL of meat.    The chiles and salsas were all really good, too.  I will definitely be back whenever I'm in town.  The tacos were delicious.  

                This place is no bueno. Overpriced and no flavor and not to mention you're served fatty hunks of meat. My bf ordered a carne asada burrito and was served ground beef with huge HUGE chunks of fat, he was so grossed out he threw it out after a few bites in. I ordered a chicken burrito and the chicken was super dry and I basically ate it cuz I was so hungry. Save yourself some money and go elsewhere. All these high rating users must not know authentic Mexican food.  

                Cmon. Any restaurant that pours liquid salsa into a trough like dispensary should not be yelp worthy.  The food was nothing special. The trough or condiment section was totally in disarray with hints of guacamole mixed with the other salsa choices and veggies. I cant say that i will revisit, but i sure hope the offer a new experience after reading this unpleasant experience.  

                Normally love this place but the most recent visit ended with a mild case of food poisoning for myself and my daughter.  

                I've eaten here a few times. But tonight was AWESOME. My boyfriend and I ordered Super Grilled Chicken Burritos!!! We enjoyed every bite!! I've also ordered a super quesadilla chicken and it was great.  

                Love this place!! So they are fast and have good food, the people here are very friendly and fast before we could eat our chips the food came out i love the fact that they let us pick our Chile's so we can get as much as we wanted, And they have unsweetened ice tea which i love not to many places have it so when they do I'm one happy customer. Oh and the price isn't bad they don't charge you a lot i believe we spent $30 for 6 items not bad at all. You have to go up front and order you food but they bring you food to you.  

                I really enjoyed this place back in highschool with my friend. We would always come here to get their burritos. Whatever type of meat you get, it's usually a great portion. The best thing, though, is that they give you unlimited free chips. Back in college, a similar Mexican joint did the same thing, but I always felt like this place had the best tortilla chips. They're thick and sturdy, so it helps with getting salsa, and it generally just taste awesome.  Don't take my word for it! Go check it out yourself. There are two locations within walking distance of each other. One is near Baskin Robbins. The other is in front of Tapex.   Reasonable prices, too.  

                I had high hopes for this Taqueria but I was kind of let down....  We stopped in for dinner and didn't have trouble finding the place. Parking was kind of difficult though because it's located in a high traffic plaza where lots of cars are going in and out. The restaurant itself is very large so seating isn't an issue. Their menu is also incredibly extensive which was great but had us standing there staring at it for 5 minutes or so lol  I ordered a carne asada super taco with rice and beans and my bf had the torta with pollo asado. Service was fast and we received free chips with our order! There is also a pretty good salsa bar, the pico de gallo was good but the pickled onions and jalapenos tasted different than usual and the green "avocado" sauce had a weird, thick consistency.   I liked my carne asada super taco, there was a good serving of meat and they make it with two baby corn tortillas which was nice. The rice and beans were NOT anything special though.... I would forego these and just order more tacos because the beans had no flavor and the rice was just whatever. My bf's torta was a huge sandwich looking thing filled with chicken, but it was a lot of bread so I'm not sure if it's a good thing to order.  

                Best burritos in SL  

                I always get the asada quesadilla although sometimes I get a yucky feeling because it feels too greasy I can't never leave Los pericos without taking one quesadilla with me. I also love there steak nachos so good everything on the side for me they tend to just smush the pico de gallo guac and sour cream all over the plate so I prefer for it to be on the side great flavors. The chorizo tacos are to die for honestly extra limón and jalapeños on the side mm mm mm amazing! I also recommend the tostada de ceviche just ass extra limón and salt!! Still such a good restaurant.  

                Small place with limited seating, but parking in the rear, a salsa bar and delicious burritos? Count me in!    I got to try the carne asada super burrito and was surprised by how delicious it was! It may have been the avocado and sour cream goodness, but the content ratio was definitely different compared to other places. Less rice, more of the other ingredients. The carne asada tasted like bacon as they were thinly sliced then grilled in oil. However, for $9.01, I expected a larger burrito... I also recommend the green salsa-- it's not spicy!   Service was great! The cashier was very patient as were the people helping bus tables.  

                Definitely one of my go to restaurants when I'm in the area. I love the ceviche and the ceviche de camarones. Their tacos are really good but can be super spicy so I like to ask for the salsa on the side. The prices are just right and they take credit card.  Your fish tacos are really good and they give a very generous portion of fish. They have a sidebar with all the different toppings and lime and cilantro and onions and sauces and salsas.  Their burritos are normal size but their meat is really really good. Like I said one of my go to spots :-)  

                Too expensive this place charged me $10 for a super Burrito. When I can go to taco truck down my house that only charge me 5$ for a super burrito and the quality is better. Trust me this place is too expensive and also this place is a Hit and Miss  

                Came here with some friends on a Saturday afternoon, and the place was packed.  Very friendly service.  They even let me make half my order to go, and cooked it after I was done eating.   The seating is kinda outdated, but kept very well. Food came out in 5 minutes. Sauce used on the wet burrito tasted like canned tomato sauce. Not really spicy. Inside of the burrito was perfect though.   Definitely would come back, but I won't go out of my way to come here.  

                When I can't get over to my favorite taco truck (cuz lets face it, everyone in the East Bay has a favorite taco truck, I come here. Its been here for years. Good portions. Good flavor, decent service. Overall good experience.  

                My go to place for tacos. I normally get lengua and carne asada. Each taco is packed with onions and cilantro and lots of meat. I like how the meats are packed with juices. It's hard to eat a taco by itself because of all the meats they give you.   The drinks are very good and there are lots of spaces. If you like soccer then this will be a good place to get a drink and food and watch soccer. The staff there are friendly and keep the place very clean.   The chips which are free are the best!! It's fresh and so crunchy. It's not those bagged chips- these are fresh. This is Def my go to spot for tacos! One day I will have to try their soup that is only offered on the weekend.  

                Okay, I have to say this place is great,Free chips,good food,free salsa and fast service. The only drawback is that it is a bit expensive, I ordered a soft taco  for about  $2.50 I forgot the exact amount and I probably could have the same for about $1.00 at Taco Bell.overall this place serves good food at a more expensive price  

                I used to live in Dublin and just moved back to the bay. Driving through decided to come back for a burrito. I guess the cost of living has gone up in Dublin because to my surprise the burritos were $9 plus tax. I didn't mind, however I took 5 bites before I hit some carne asada. I won't come back, sorry for that type of money you should have meat in every bite. The flavor is still good.  

                This place was not great. I came here for the first time today because I saw some pretty good reviews. The Cocktel de Camaron was so plain and not good at all. The food was just not satisfying and I've definitely tried better Mexican food. I will not be coming back hopefully I'm able to find a more authentic Mexican spot with much better food.  

                I had a really long hard day, and though I can't really afford to eat out I decided to treat myself this time. I ordered a beef burrito with everything. The taste was really "off" I didn't like it at ALL. They put big chunks of onion in which was kind of nasty.. I like onions but not like that. I got very nauseous after eating and ended up barfing like I haven't since I was a kid. I had diarrhea as well, definitely some kind of food poisoning. I not only wasted over $9 but I got violently ill. I am NOT happy and I get ill just thinking about it. I will never return to this place. I'll stick with Guadalajara, thank you very much! The fact that there was no line and the place was not very busy should have been my first clue.  

                I love this place. It's sort of a hole in the wall. But they have reliably tasty food and friendly service. I like that it's easy on the wallet, too. I've been here many times and have never been disappointed. It's become my go to when I don't feel like cooking dinner. They have fresh tortilla chips and a salsa bar. I normally like to have beer woth burritos but I also recommend the horchata :)  

                The best shrimp burrito I've ever had!!! Ask for it extra spicy, add a corona and call it a night!!!  

                Studying by the San Leandro library? Looking for a quick bite?  Come give TLP a shot! Their super burritos are huge and filled with meat! I came here around lunchtime, there was no line but a lot of seats were taken. I like how you order first and then get a number to sit good when eating with friends so you can pay for your own meal. I got the super steak burrito with no bean and no cheese. They use american cheese, so I didn't want the cheese to overpower the meat. Total was about 9 something.   It was a little bit more than I would usually pay for a burrito, but the portions are great. Will I be coming back? Only if I am studying in the area and crave mexican food. There is a burrito truck next to my house that is delicious as well for a cheaper price.  

