                I think they've stepped up their game in the last couple of years, which is great to see.  We came in for an early dinner and liked everything we got.  Cauliflower soup (great texture), beets (poached in orange juice, I don't especially like beets but these were really tasty), the "chickpea" small plate (kinda like deep-fried hummus).  We also had the seared halibut.  And the beignets and the pot de creme.  Everything was really good, there were no duds.  That's pretty rare in a restaurant these days.  We actually hadn't been by for dinner in almost two years and based on this, our impression has gone up several notches.  Would return much faster.  

                I've been to The Table when it was a smaller restaurant and thought it was a O.K. place back then. But the newly expanded Table is not what I remembered.  The wife and I decided to visit The Table since we have not been there since the expansion. We normally eat earlier than most, which works out to our benefit because we miss the huge crowds of late night diners. We started off with a couple of mixed drinks. My wife got the Pisco "something" and I got the Pirates Booty. My drink tasted like a watered down version of whatever is supposed to be and my wifes drink tasted like freshly cracked black pepper. We both looked at each other with the same "this taste like crap" expression.   For appetizers we orders the wedges and dip, Brussels, and a dish called Local Harvest. The wedges and dip stands for potato wedges and chopped onions with sour cream dip. The best part of our entire visit was that this dish comes out fresh. But! When having a sh!tty experience a "best part" doesn't necessarily mean a positive. The potatoes wedges are so fresh The Table serves them straight out of the fryer! LITTERALLY! The potato wedges are so damn hot its hard to handle without a oven mitt! The Brussels are smoked along with the hazelnuts, which is not explained on the menu. This is not a pleasant surprise!   So while we let our potato wedges cool down, stared at our smoked Brussels, and contemplated just downing our disgusting mixed drinks, I started to look around and noticed that everyone else around us was getting serving spoons and bread service. I looked on the menu to see if we had to order one and/or both of these items. I guess this is a VIP service to other customers that we didn't get. When the waitress cleared out the half eaten plates and brought out our last app before our main dishes she asked if we would like another beverage. My wife said yes and started to ask for a glass of wine, I had to stop her because the waitress walked off as my wife was looking down at the menu about to ask for a glass. I've read other Yelp reviews stating this has happened to them at various other restaurants and this is the first time this has ever happened to us. Mark this off the bucket list! When the waitress decided it was a good time to come back we ordered a couple glasses of wine. By this time our last app came. The Table should rename Local Harvest to Raw Chopped vegies with pepper and 2 cheese balls.   By this time my wife could tell I was getting a little ticked off. Finally our main dishes came, my wife got the Halibut and I got the burger. I would have taken photos of this crap but it would have been photos of half eaten plates of food. The burger was sweet tasting and the halibut tasted over cooked. For desert my wife and I decided on drumsticks from our own freezer. We didn't want to waste anymore time and money at this establishment.   I guess we have been spoiled by eating at better farm to table restaurants like Orchard City Kitchen and Lexington House that severely sub par service and food like this make for a horrible night. Looking back on this visit if I wanted to order mediocre food I should have went around the corner to Stumpy's and ordered a burger. At least I know what I was getting into and it wouldnt have taken as long.  

                This review is for dinner only.  My wonderful girlfriends took me here for a belated birthday dinner & it was amazing. They were very accommodating even when we came close to their closing time.  The ambiance:  classy and contemporary - perfect for a date night.  The food:  Roasted Bone Marrow - fatty goodness topped with a sour citrus confit.  Braised Beef Cheeks - this is cooked just right and paired up with arugula, pickled beets, and buttermilk horseradish (amazing union of flavors). The only thing I dislike about this dish is too much sodium so minus 1 star.  Sugar Dusted Ricotta Beignets - I actually like eating this by itself without the lemon curd. Perfect for your sweet tooth.  Overall, I had a wonderful birthday dinner experience. I just wished my dish was seasoned with a little less salt which would it make it perfect. I still highly recommend this restaurant for anyone that love classy American food.  

                I have always heard great things about The Table and finally tried it out for brunch with friends on a Sunday. I love the concept of farm to table restaurants and this restaurant was Michelin recommended too.  The Table doesn't take reservations for brunch but luckily some of my friends got they're early enough to get us a table for a party of 10 outside. Love their heat lamps that are hung from above which made sitting outdoors more pleasant.  Our server was very friendly and didn't push us to order while we were waiting for the remaining people to arrive. They also weren't very pushy to make us leave after we finished eating and paying.   We started with two orders of the ricotta beignets with lemon curd. This was definitely the highlight of my meal. It was light and not overly greasy like other places and lightly dusted with sugar. The lemon curd was a nice accompaniment. Also, this size was prefect so you wouldn't be too overwhelmed by this doughy treat.  I ordered the burger for brunch since I wasn't really feeling anything else on the menu. They referred to it as "The only burger that belonged on The Table." It was nice and juicy. I forgot to ask them to hold the pickles and it was a bit sauce heavy for me. The potato wedges on the side were a little bland though.   I did get a taste of the fried chicken and biscuit. The biscuit was pretty good.   Overall, I had a good time here but still wasn't too impressed with the food here besides their beignets. While the food was good, I guess I was expected to be wowed by the way I have heard people talk about the place. Maybe I'll be able to update my review once I try their dinner menu.  

                Off the corner next to US Bank in Willow Glen. I've been trying to go here for awhile now but every time I call on the weekends during brunch they have a long wait. So with that being said, if you go before 10 AM on a Saturday, you'll more than likely get seated right away. This is my new favorite breakfast spot! Delicious food. It looks like they change their menu here and there depending on the season.  I got the Fried Chicken Biscuit which was great. The potatoes were soft and crispy on the outside. The Chicken was moist and the gravy wasn't too thick or too thin. The biscuit was the perfect compliment to go with it as well, very fluffy and buttery. It may look a little small but the portion size is more than enough.  

                Amazing. They have a great selection of food and dranks.   I went here during brunch on a lovely Sunday, an hour before closing.   We ordered the following:  Scotch Egg: Who knew something so simple could taste so delicious.  Smoked Salmon Benedict: This is the BEST Benedict I've ever had by far.  The bread still had a crispy crust to it after breaking the yolk and diggin in.  I thought Bill's Cafe had it all until I came here.  Fried Oysters Omelette: The Oysters were cooked to perfection! It was not too doughy and still had its flavor.  It was paired nicely with arugula on top.  Roasted Bone Marrow: Hands down BEST dish that we've tried. This dish took a little longer to cook than the rest of the other foods that we ordered - but is a MUST TRY if you ever come to The Table.  Everything about this dish is AMAZING.   Secret Garden Cocktail: This is such a refreshing and satisfying drank. Be careful not to order more than two ;)  I will definitely come back to try more items on the menu!  

                Friends and I came here for Saturday brunch. I've heard good things about this place and the food is quite delicious! I knocked a star for the one hour wait and the price. I know it's not their fault for being crowded and the wait but I don't think it was worth the wait at all (although I came late and my friends waited and not me hehe).  THE PRICE All the plates were at least $12! WHAT?? Even just the 2 eggs and potatoes. Call me stingy but, this should just not be allowed! I'm sorry did your eggs come out of a gold hen? Sprinkled with gold dust? Fed to me by Usher? No. No. And disappointingly no. I can buy a dozen eggs for less than $4. Even the organic kind. From Whole Foods even when you're feeling spendy. Yogurt was $8. Yes. Yogurt.  FOOD I had a $15 Smoke salmon BLTA sandwich. It was good, although bread was a bit too crunchy/toasted. One of those sandwiches where it hurts your mouth to bite into it. My friends all got a variety of things which were all equally good as well. Hangtown Fry (fried oysters), eggs benedict, steak and eggs, and fried chicken and eggs. The plates were pretty large and filling.   Won't think I will be returning unless I want another taste of the majestic $12 eggs.  

                Note: I can only comment on the bar , not the actual resturant.  We came with a few friends to check out this place. We were very excited and had been wanting to check it out for a few months. Sad to say, however, we were quite disappointed.  The food was teeny tiny! Their small plates, weren't just small they were tiny! My friend ordered a skewer and we though okay we would get one mid sized skewer, no no it literally was two bites. It was tiny! It was accompanied with some Kim Chi, but it did not taste very good, it was probably the worst and saltiest kim chi I had ever tasted!  The service was awful! We were sitting at a table and the waitress was so rude. She had come over a couple times and was very frustrated and rude to us. Demanding for our IDs, not asking, but demanding, and then when we said we needed more time to look at (the ever so complicated and wordy drink menu) she just stuck up her nose and ran away.  I bet you this place, the food, drinks, etc. is great, but the service was a huge turn off. So we left.  

                Came here for brunch around 9:30am on a Sunday morning and there was still a wait! And it was pouring cats and dogs outside as well. Luckily, they let us wait for our table at the bar area we were also able to order coffee and juice. Service was friendly, if a bit rushed seeming. Our table of three was seated on a 2-top in a corner, which led to us feeling pretty darn cramped as the servers dashed by.   I ordered the Fried Chicken and Cheddar Cheese Biscuit, which did not disappoint! It was a bit difficult to cut bites out of it though, so I ended up deconstructing it. The fried egg had a nice runny yolk. The biscuit was okay, though not all that interesting. The fried chicken was fatty, and had bits of bone that surprised me. The gravy was...kind of wet. Honestly, it didn't have much flavor The wedge potatoes were probably my favorite part, crisp and well-seasoned. Next time, I might try the eggs benedict instead, since this dish seemed a bit overpriced at $14 for what ultimately was not a very interesting presentation or taste.   The one thing that I found really annoying is that they give you really small water glasses. And then the servers never come by to check on you or refill your waters! I tried to flag someone down on multiple occasions. I stopped eating at many points in the meal because I was so thirsty, but then I had to wait for a couple minutes before someone would notice and bring more water.   It's a cute restaurant, but I don't think that the dishes are interesting enough for me to want to wait upon returning. I'd rather go somewhere that has good food AND good service.  

                Favorite brunch spot in the South Bay! I couldn't believe myself when I realized I didn't yelp The Table yet.   I came here a couple of times in the past for brunch and i absolutely loved every bit of it. It's $10 for bottomless mimosas (quality ingredients, not the ones that will give you a great time, but a piercing headache afterwards), what a deal, count me in! They recently changed out their mimosa glasses, good move. They used to have these tall skinny glasses, with barely any support at the bottom (super wobbly). Cute indeed, but my friend easily knocked it over 3 times in one sitting (maybe in that situation, it wasn't the glass but it was his fuzzy-ness lol!)   Their food is on point.  Brunch:  That roasted bone marrow, YUMMMM- That's all i need in life. Well done, super rich. For the more savory brunch eaters, this is great. It's more of an appetizer, so if you eat large meals, consider ordering this to share along with your main brunch dish.   Anson Mills Grits - Lots of grits, very little pork belly, mushrooms, and a poached egg. I probably wouldn't  order this again   Eggs Benedict - made to perfection. I always get the hollandaise sauce on the side as it can be too heavy. I've been meaning to try the smoked salmon, I will do that next time.   Dinner:  Comp bread - made fresh. Why is this so ridiculously good? I can't even describe it, you'll have to see for yourself.   Butternut Squash Soup - made to perfection. highly recommend   The table burger: there's not many ways you can mess up a good burger, and yet so many places do so. The Table does not (and I am not surprised).   Dranks:  Let them narrow it down for you, they just extended their bar and their choice of drinks. DELISH, and strong.  I've tried every cocktail under the whiskey list and yes, i'm coming back.   I would take anyone here on any brunch occasion. Does not fail me.  

                Well I was lucky enough to be born on Dec. 31st so my bday is always a party. And I really wanted to have my dinner here. And I'm so over the moon that it was everything I wanted and MORE! The service here is outstanding. They really make sure your happy and have everything you want. I will surly be back here for brunch and more dinners to come.   FOOD  Appetizer-bone marrow (truly amazing! Doesn't come with little baguettes but we asked and they brought some out to us right away.)    My meal- Beef cheeks with horseradish sauce and beats (the best dish at the table for sure, the meet was so tender and the horseradish sauce was just the right kick!)   Hubby- Fish the grilled mahi-mahi plate with roe in a creamy sauce ( prepared to perfection with the salty roe and the creamy sauce laying on kale)  

                The lemon ricotta pancakes were amaaaazing! There were little pockets of gooey lemon-ricotta battery-like bites, the pancakes were thick and fluffy, and I just went "Mmmmmmm!" after the first bite. I highly recommend it. The salmon eggs benedict was really good too. Hash browns were okay, not the best I've ever had.   The interior design of this place is super rustic chic, and a really nice atmosphere. Service is great, with a lot of workers who are attentive and friendly. I went for a Saturday brunch and the place was pretty full, but we were seated relatively quickly. We were almost drooling as we saw people getting food at other tables. All the dishes look SO good!   Parking is always tough around downtown, but we parked in the nearby neighborhood area. I will say it's kind of pricey for breakfast foods, but I totally love how delicious the food is, and would come back for more brunches.  

                Tried this place out twice and it is now one of my go to spots to just relax. Every time I go I sit outside on the patio, its so relaxing to sit on the couch (in the sun) and enjoy a glass of wine while catching up with friends. This previous visit we decided to order the small cheese plate. The bread that came with it was amazing. I love walnuts and cranberries in bread. The house pickles are yummy not to sweet but not to tart. The almonds we satisfying as well. I'm hinting to my boyfriend to take me here for a nice date night!   I would recommend this place especially if you enjoy a more intimate outdoor feel  

                One of my favorite places for many reasons. Let me count the ways...  1. Great vibe. The atmosphere of this place is classy yet casual, hip and vibrant, and has a mixology-type feel with the intimate space of a small upscale establishment.   2. Incredible drinks. This would be one of my top places in the South Bay to imbibe. With high quality alcohol, many local to the Bay, and homemade bitters, each and every drink seems to be made with love and skill. Great wine and beer selection is also offered for those not feeling too adventurous.  3. Food... wow. Everything on the menu is delightful and tasty. Although pretty pricey, you do get high quality food made with quality ingredients. They offer free, fresh, homemade and warm bread with a butter/olive oil dip. Wow. The menu changes often due to ingredient availability and seasonal items so you may have a chance to try something new upon each visit.  4. Killer renovation! The Table recently went through renovations, expanding the dining area and created a wonderful outside area. The new space is fantastic. Made for much more space, more guests, and love the indoor/outdoor bar area- where the walls open to flow the inside out. ;)  If you haven't checked this place out and you're a local to the South Bay, or if you're just visiting, definitely try The Table out.   Note: highly suggest making a reservation, which can be easily done via Yelp or Opentable.  Note2: This is the gem of Willow Glen, This is a sleepy town with not much nightlife so if you do visit The Table, just know this is the most "hoppin'" place of the area.  

                My husband and I were absolutely starving last night, and ended up coming to The Table after attempting to park in the endless crowds that is a post Sharks game downtown. We have also been here for brunch (which is amazing delicious) but the late night Saturday happy hour is why I decided to review.  We kinda half way walked through the door in that indecisive-maybe we should go somewhere else-not sure what we are doing-way and the host at the front door invited us all the way in. We told him about our indecisiveness, so he grabbed the lounge and dinner menu for us to peruse. Our final reason for staying was that they have happy hour! On Saturday night! On Sharks game night!  The husband and I shared the cauliflower soup (decadently creamy and nutty), the "one hitter quitter" happy hour special ($14 for a shot of bourbon, an IPA, and the best burger on the planet), as well as the wedges and sauce (perfectly crispy potato wedges served with some kind of creamy dip). I could go on for pages and pages about the deliciousness of that burger, but it won't do it justice--you have to try it.   We generally hang out in downtown on weekends, but after this, we will definitely be back to Willow Glen. The outdoor patio with heaters was the perfect setting, the servers were all super friendly, and the food was amazing.  

                I can always rely on The Table for above average brunch in San Jose. My go-to dish here is the fried chicken with biscuit and gravy. The wait is never as crazy as Bill's Cafe next door. I prefer the modern brunch compare to the traditional. Not only is there good food, they try to rotate their draft selection and seem to specialize in cocktails. I've seen Ballast Point sculpin IPA and surprisingly on my last visit, I got Alpine nelson IPA. You have to really know beers to get a world class IPA like nelson IPA in a restaurant.  Their dinner menu looks like it has some delicious plates. Wish I could try but looks like it's more of a date spot at night and less of a place to take the family.  

                My friends and I come here for brunch from time to time in good ol' Downtown Willow Glen. The Table is great for brunch. The only downside: the INSANE wait you will experience if you come here on weekends. When we came with a group of 6, I had to wait 2 hours and I showed up at 9:30! The food is worth it, but if you're not down to wait, then definitely go somewhere else because Willow Glen has so many great restaurants.   I have gotten the Hangtown Fry (eggs & fried oysters YUM), french toast (vanilla custard & berry compote), and fried chicken & cheddar cheese biscuit. They are all SO good. I highly recommend the Hangtown Fry if you don't know what to get. It has eggs, bacon, onions, and fried oysters. It's such an interesting take on breakfast & brunch foods, I think that's why I love this place.  They also have good coffee here. SUPER strong lattes, and I mean that in the best way possible!  Minus one star for the semi-slow service (makes sense with the crowd), but other than that, everything about this place is wonderful.  

                Wrote my review about a year ago and changed my review from 4 to 5 Stars due to the new ambiance and service. The new renovation is amazing to say the least. It is completely tasteful with beautiful vintage/trendy/classic/modern designs. The kitchen has been extended thru the old bar. The indoor seating is roomier with a fresher look, and there a fantastic new outdoor patio seating area!!!   I luv most the relaxing outdoor seating. The  connection of the indoor bar area and the patio is genius. LUV the incorporation of dinner, happy hour, or just cocktails all commingled in one huge segregated but not so separated area. The bar is also much bigger and brighter. Besides the many seatings, there is a cute bench at the corner that is quite romantic for two. Here u could have drinks and some table snacks....hangout with a friend and sip on a glass of rose and/or a cold beer to catch up, vent about the day...or simply ppl watch! : ]  There is another area toward the front of the patio with more comfortable cushion seatings to lounge as well. If u want a bit more privacy, sit at the corner couch near the bar...u could still look out to the patio and see most of the restaurant. I Luv the island seating in front of the bar most... u could face the outside (why would u not?) or face the bar for a more inclusive perception. There are also comfortable heat lamps all over the patio area that do not make u feel like ur back, forehead, or hair is burning if ure under it. If Ure sitting within the heart of the patio, ull feel extremely comfortable in 40 degrees weather without a jacket (as long as there is no extreme wind or rain.) :)   Moving onto service. Every time I've been back, I've had a blonde female server who is awesome! She checks up multiple times, very attentive, moves fast, watches the table, high energy, pays attention to detail, and never says no! It is imperative to be courteous and graciously take back any dish the guest sends back. She did just that. I only mentioned to be not particularly pleased with a dish, "U didn't like it? I'll take it back no problem." I didn't even have to ask! This happened twice! The time after we ordered sumthing in error, the bus server told her and she immediately came to tell us we could trade it with other order. No questions! We didn't tho bc we wanted to that dish and ended up ordering both. I would have to give credit to the other servers or bus servers as they contributed to the satisfactory service we received as well. Sometimes IT IS the darn customer's fault, or they can be a bit obnoxious..who cares? Make them feel good about it!!  Lastly, the food is still just OK. There are more vegetarian dishes than I would like. A couple dishes that stood out are the Brussels Sprouts chips (special not on regular menu), the white cheddar beignets, the regular beignets are still to die for!! I could eat like 20 of those... at once! The caramelized Brussels sprouts and AJ's Kimchee are pretty good. Get the Fingerling Potatoes if Ure having beer....the Belgian Blonde Ale is freaken deelish! Not a fan of any big plate dishes. Pretty underwhelming. My pork chops were pretty tough. The braised beef cheeks were ok. The halibut were under seasoned a bit. Will try the steak and burger next time. I def liked the small plates more than big plates on this menu. Nevertheless, all the wine I've tasted were good! Oh, and luv the glass used for beers.   Overall, this place is the spot right now. Lounge, dinner, or bring ur IPad and finish some work...enjoy a glass of crisp Loureiro (yummy white wine...get it!) and a couple small plates. Sit on the patio...ppl watch...relax and enjoy life! U will be sitting at the corner of a radiantly fun street in Willow Glen. Regardless, of the food, the ambiance sells and the service keeps customers coming back. Luv it here!  

                This review is for happy hour. I have been here twice now and loved the ambiance. Our waitress is so sweet as well, I forgot her name but she was the blonde.  Their menu has a great variety of drinks I like. I ordered a glass of Chardonnay and the cheese plate:)  

                Came this spot for Saturday Brunch, we waited around 15 minutes for a table which wasn't too bad for my standards. Our waiter was great, attentive and really chill. Overall, I'd say in the spectrum of South Bay brunch this place is OK but just was not  what I would have liked it to be.  Bottomless Mimosas: I really did like the Orange Juice that they used (Evolve OJ per our waiter :)), overall an OK deal, just keep them coming! Beignets: Served with a really yummy lemon curd - though the beignets themselves were not the best that I've had. I wish the inside were a bit more soft but it was a nice share-able side. Hangtown Fry: Not a whole lot of flavor and the oysters weren't great. Hashbrowns that they were served with needed a bit more crispy I think. I wish I had maybe tried something else on their menu, this dish missed it for me.   I love the concept of fresh ingredients and what they have going, not the best brunch I've had but would be willing to come back for dinner to try it out again.  

                12/15/14: Update to old review: My first time back--and sooooooooo much better!  Gone are the humongous wooden table and benches, which though I guess is their namesake, was really uncomfortable.  Now there are lots of normal sized wooden tables that keep the same classy wooden look, but are so much easier to eat at!  And the food.......... I had an AWESOME meal this time:  1. Pirate's Booty $10: Mmmmm... wonderfully complex and rich.  The fernet definitely left its mark, but what I normally find too strong adds a very nice accent to this drink.  Why did I pick this in the first place?--yeah... I'm a butt guy.  Really--that was my thought process.  Loved it!  9/10.  2. Salt Roasted Sugar Beets $10: Don't really taste the "salt roasting."  Mostly tastes like a good beet salad.  Some more crunchy-type elements would do it good.  6/10.  3. Caramelized Brussels Sprouts $10: Damn,... these are probably the best Brussels sprouts you will ever have in your life.  Yeah, they're fried.  Covered in cheese.  But hey, ..sooooo worth it.  Gawd--if only they could find a way to put these in a chips bag...  10/10.  4. Olive Brined Pork Chop $25: So, I just had another fancy-schmancy pork chop at "The House" in SF (what's up with all the The-Blah's???) which was a little dry, and so I was itching to see if any of these higher-end places can do it right.  Yup, The Table does it very right!  The pork chop itself is very juicy, and definitely benefited from the brine.  My first bite was quite salty, but by the 2nd bite all that went away leaving such a wonderfully seasoned taste.  The gravy is quite awesome too!--looks like it's honey mixed with broth.  Tastes really great.  Never had sauce like it before--definitely you must try!  I wanted so much to lick the plate!  10/10.  5. Mary's Organic Game Hen $29: Man.... unbelievable.  It's cooked kinda like traditional hot wings--no batter but fried until the skin is crisp.  Every bit was so good.  And since these things are small, I wasn't expecting too much food, but it looks like they serve the entire hen!  The corn bread in the middle has lots of flavors--outside was a tad dry, but once you dig in it's wonderful.  And the gravy is perfect and ties it all together.  Best game hen I've ever had.  10/10.  6. Goat Cheesecake $7: This dish was relatively simple.  You get a round cheesecake and some jam on the side, or what I thought was jam anyway.  The cake was topped with something unidentifiable, but just added a small amount of texture to it all.  And yeah... the jam.... tasted like good jam.  Nothing too special there.  The cake itself had a very intense flavor.  I'm not a goat cheese fan, but in this case it make the cake taste really special.  I liked it a lot despite the simplicity.  7/10.  So, I gave 3x 10/10's out of 6.  50%.  I don't think I've ever scored any restaurant that high thus yet!  Awesome dinner.  Sooooo much better than what I had a few months ago here.  Upping from the last score to 5/5.  Well deserved.  #American #fusion  

                My priority as a customer: food, service, and ambience  Food - 4 stars. We had the Beignets, special omelette, and roasted bone marrow for breakfast. The beignets were delicious as well as the roasted bone marrow. The bone marrow dish was so unique and tasty that it separated this restaurant from others - creatively turning unpopular ingredients into delicious signature dishes. Also the house soda made from lemon, Rosemary, and ginger was amazing. The only downside to the food was the special omelette was not memorable despite being pretty tasty, not enough to get someone to return.   Service - this was what I was surprised/impressed with the most. Our server was so relaxed, sincere/friendly, and helpful. He answered all questions and made recommendations with great enthusiasm yet non-pressuring. As we were enjoying our breakfast, it started raining. And he worked earnestly to get us a spot indoors. He never got frustrated or lost his personality. He was also very apologetic and did his best to make our experience a good one. It was ironic that his name was "Rain".  Ambience - Great vibe, laid back yet bustling. None of the workers were short tempered or ignored u. The workers were all in sync w/ each other and spoke with a smile to customers and each other. You felt like being in the middle of harmony: great food, great staff & service, and great building/location.   Overall, I highly recommend this spot for a date or special occasion. It's a little steep for me to just grab a quick bite or take something to go. However, it would be a place I would like to take my wife back to celebrate or attend a friends birthday dinner.  

                Sunday brunch perfection.   (They do not take reservations for weekend brunch!) I recommend going around 10 if you want to avoid the wait! I called in asking if there's a wait around 10 and they said there were definitely seats available. Ended up going later than we expected and when we arrived around 11:30, the place was packed and there was a long wait (even when it was pouring rain outside)! However, the wait was definitely worth it.   First of all, um, BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS for $10. How can you pass this up? This is what Sunday brunch is all about.   (+) Hangtown Fry. I was skeptical about ordering fried oysters for brunch because it can either be pure genius or it can be all wrong. However, the oysters were fried to perfection! This is probably hands down the best brunch dish I have ever tried. The arugula complements the oysters perfectly (I also love arugula so this dish seriously couldn't have been any better). The portions was huge and it also came with griddle potatoes on the side.   (+) Salmon Eggs Benedict. Definitely an interesting twist to the typical eggs benedict. Instead of English muffins, it was substituted with Acme bread (which I love even more). The salmon was super fresh and the sauce wasn't too overpowering.   (+) Sugar Dusted Ricotta Beignets. 10/10. Definitely a must-try! I was a bit scared that the ricotta would be too overpowering but you can't taste it at all. It was super fluffy inside and the lemon curd was perfect. You'll never get tired of these babies, except you'll want to save your appetite for the rest of brunch.   I've heard all of the raves about this place and it definitely did not disappoint. I definitely recommend calling in for a reservation ahead of time if you're planning on coming for lunch or dinner. Parking is hard to find around the area but there's a parking structure across the street. The wait was about 30-35 minutes for a table for 2 but we walked around the cute area to kill time until they texted us (which is super convenient so we don't have to sit there and wait). I can't wait to come back for lunch/ dinner/ brunch again in the future.  

                A mentor and I met up for brunch, and as fantastically whipped up as everything was here, I have to note that the breakfast dishes came out way. too. salty.  We ordered to share:  *Hangtown Fry: Eggs, onions, bacon bits all scrambled together in a pancake-like fashion served below fried oysters and a side of griddled potatoes. I really liked how the eggs were soft and fluffy. You can tell that the chef took time to whip them properly prior to frying it on the pan, but again the scramble was over-seasoned and, combined with the fried oysters, was just too much to take in without a side of bread or massive glasses of water. The griddled potatoes? I only ate 1/3 of, deemed it to be incredibly over-salted and decided to have the server throw the rest away.  *The Table Burger: Cooked medium, the burger was my favorite of the entire dining experience. It came with wedged potatoes, which I didn't really care for as they were overcooked and dry. The burger, on the other hand, was juicy and the tomato-onion fondue that came on the buns was awesome. I highly recommend this.  Our server was nice but quite frankly overly attentive. We were checked on 3-4 times throughout our 2-hour dining experience, and I wasn't sure if it's because he was trained to do so or if he just wanted us to leave after an hour into our meal. The dining room was not packed at all when we made a 10:30am reservation for brunch, so you may just be able to slide in here without one.  All in all, a mixed bag experience. The chef was a bit too heavy handed with the salt shaker that morning, but aside from the fact, the food and creativity were well-received. I'd actually recommend this place, now that they have remodeled and expanded their bar sitting area, but be warned you may have to speak to your server about food being over- or even under-seasoned in some of the reviews I've read. It's a shame since pricing at $12-14/dish, I'd expect The Table to require their chef taste his/her food before serving it.  Will give it another go the next time I'm in the area, but I wouldn't be hopping to return tomorrow. There are some street parking nearby, as well as a community plaza parking lot across the street. The Willow Glen district does get packed though, since there are so many eateries around.  

                My wife and I have been going to The Table for a couple years now. It was one of the first spots we discovered when moving here. I must say that my experiences here continue to trend downward.   We went to The Table last week to celebrate Valentine's Day a couple days early. We had a reservation for 6:30 but were not seated until 7:00. First strike.  I asked for extra vegetables for my entree since I did not want to starch portion of the entree. I even made it clear that I'd pay extra for extra vegetables. The waitress said it would be no problem. I swear I got less vegetables. I think there were three pieces of broccolini. For a $36 entree (ny strip), without the starch, I'd expect a lot more. I should have just ordered the $14 burger. Strike two.   As I mentioned, we were seated 30 minutes late, so when it was time for dessert, it was almost 8:00, which as we could see, was the next scheduled seating for the night. As our desserts arrived, the waitress put the check on the table first, then the desserts. Are you for real? Can my wife and I enjoy our dessert first before slamming the check on the table? Strike three.  The only reason this gets two stars is because the desserts are legit and affordable (beignets, pot de creme).  My wife loves this place, but I can guarantee you I won't be spending any more of our money on entrees here anytime soon. Disappointed to say the least.  I'm out.  

                My friends and I decided we wanted to try a new place for our monthly Sunday Funday Brunch meetup. One friend suggested this restaurant and we all agreed to meet here. I was the last to arrive, as my other friends live in the area. They put their name on the list and waited about 40 minutes to be seated.   Standing outside for a little bit, I noticed they had taken over the building next to their existing restaurant and were expanding soon. Anyways, back to the restaurant.   We were seated, it's a pretty open area. They're all long tables next to one another, with nothing really dividing any of the tables. It's busy and bustling on a Sunday afternoon.   We all looked over the menu and decided on what we were ordering. I decided with the fried chicken breakfast sandwich and of course, bottomless mimosas. We all ordered and they started with the mimosas and by bringing us some beignets, which were AMAZING! My sandwich was good, it was cooked to a perfect crunchy texture, as fried chicken should be.   It started off slow, but then they kept topping off the mimosas and we were good to go. It feels like your grandma's kitchen. It's open for everyone to come into and she's serving some good comfort food for breakfast. If you're in the area, I would suggest this place for breakfast (and mimosas)!  

                The short: Good place to have some brunch food.  This place fills up fast during the brunch hour. My friend and I waited about 20 minutes (leave them your phone number so they can call you when a table is ready). With a full brunch spot, there was enough people to notice that it was full but not so full that it feels crowded. The noise level was louder, but I could still hold a conversation with my friend just fine. The waiters were very attentive and friendly.  We ordered: ++ Beignets: must-order! They were so delicious and warm. I had to control myself so my friend could have some to too. -- Hangtown Fry: this is a skip. We thought it was so cool there were oysters with this egg-based dish, but goodness, those oysters are so salty! I am very sensitive to salt and started feeling headache-y with this dish.  -- French toast: the bread itself was fine... however for a $13 dish, and a small spoonful of fruit compote, we were largely disappointed. The bread was big and the compote was just enough for maybe half of one of the toasts. Maybe I'll try asking for more the next time I across that.  Some other items on the menu caught my eye like my favorite classic, the eggs benedict, and the chilquiles. Should I come back, I'll try those but in the meantime, I'll be visiting other places to find my favorite local brunch spot.  

                One of the best dining experiences I have had in a long time! Thank goodness everything was excellent: we made the mistake of getting here at exactly noon for Sunday brunch, and were told that it would be an hour and a half wait. It was a bit of a rough start. The first hostess I spoke to was curt, and apparently took the wrong name when I checked in with a second hostess. She also didn't take a telephone number as she should have. It was a good thing I was persistent; I usually try not to be pushy, but I did think it was odd that the first hostess pretty much brushed me off.   We came here for the $10 bottomless mimosas. It's cheaper here than any other brunch spots I've found in the South Bay - where they're either not bottomless or require a minimum food order. These were the absolute best mimosas I've ever had at a restaurant too. I'm not sure what kind of champagne they used, but it must not have been the cheap kind, because I didn't end up with a headache in the late afternoon! They use such fresh squeezed orange juice, you get heaps of pulp in the glass. Our server either frequently refilled our glasses as he passed by, or was quick when we politely asked.  The other cocktails on their menu sounded so good, my friend couldn't resist. I can't remember what she got, but it was perfectly mixed. We couldn't believe how refreshing and light it was, despite having rum and bitters. I was also surprised by the higher prestige liquors they had, considering it's a restaurant out in Willow Glen. One glance at the happy hour menu (including specials for food as well as drinks) convinced me I'm coming back ASAP.  When our food first came out (reasonably fast), my friends were a little underwhelmed by the portions. The dishes aren't big enough to share, but trust me, you'll be more than satisfied with the taste and quality. Our server was patient and descriptive when we had trouble deciding. We had the fried chicken and cheddar cheese biscuit, pork sandwich, scotch egg, and lemon ricotta beignets to finish. Each dish had a surprising element - like jam in the pork sandwich - that worked well and made it unique.   Don't even think about anywhere else in the South Bay for brunch! Come here by 11:30 am, and have a lovely Sunday with friends or family.  

                Yummy food, great brunch service, indoor and our door seating(great on a sunny day), awesome cocktail menu! Wonderful table service!  Recommend get these!!!no regrets!!!!: chocolate pot de creme, pork belly grits, lemon ricotta pancakes  Don't recommend; chicken liver tartine(if had this at other places, but there was some herb/sweetness that didn't work here, don't recommend bone marrow(I love this stuff too!) buy the herb dressing on it had capers in it, flavor just didn't go well, I like the marrow fat slightly crispy on top but this one was a few min underdone for me/a little bloody  Definitely plan to come back for the food and to enjoy a cocktail on their alfresco patio/bar  

                Amazing brunch food with a twist and super nice servers. Music, decor, ambiance, everything was on point.  We started with the pisco sour cocktail (off menu version of pisco swizzle), an egg white drink. This was my first drink of this type and I loved the frothy texture!  The Sugar Dusted Ricotta Beignets were next and it was wonderfully light. Not too oily or sweet, perfect. I suggest you ask for a side of caramel sauce when they come out with the dish with the original lemon curd. That way you have both dipping sauces!  The main dishes were the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes and Slow Roasted Pork Sandwich. Don't let them take away the lemon curd from the beignets! Use a little bit on the pancakes and they will take the lemon ricotta flavour to the next level. The pork sandwich was so tender, juicy and flavourful. The fried eggs were cooked with just the right amount of runny-ness.   We left super satisfied and want to come back for the bone marrow and bitter hot chocolate!  

                I thought I wrote a review for this place over a year or two ago, but I guess not!  In the meantime between those meals of some time back to most recently, they have completely expanded and remodeled. My first time here I recall a dark and dim, cozy little place with designer drinks and well crafted comfort foods and eclectic new dishes that entice the appetite. The other great thing I remember is that it is open late, long after the sidewalks have been rolled up in most of Willow Glen, and San Jose at large.   They opened up a whole new section, that opens up to a patio area right on the corner of Lincoln Avenue. This area is more of a cocktail and smaller bites place, with open air seating and covered veranda styled seating. They have a reverse Happy Hour that starts at 10pm, I believe. Nice addition to this popular place!  Inside is the main dining room. It seemed brighter, more airy than I recalled, filled with 30's, 40's, 50's something Willow Glenners happy to be in this great neighborhood, but longing for younger days in the City where you can get good food at a later hour.   My good friend, Yelite and former Duchess of this place, who is also one of my fave south bay dining companions, met me here and since I had not eaten since lunch, we opted to dined inside, just as they were starting to close the kitchen for dinner (still open for the small bites in the lounge).   I stuck to a non-meat dish or two to degrease my body from animal based meals in prior days, and had a great couple of dishes. (See pics). My companion had a fully loaded Burger, and we both had a couple of nice drinks. Service was very good, to match the food.   If you are in sleepy San Jose out in the upscale burbs like Willow Glenn, this is a great choice to reconnect with yourself from a decade ago, when you were single, child and mortgage free. Enjoy the fantasy, because it will only last a few hours. Tomorrow morning it is back to the Rug Rat Race.  

                You know what? We had a DAMN good meal here. That butternut squash soup was divine. Such a nice atmosphere.  I recommend asking for a table in the middle of the room so you can people watch and enjoy watching all the food come off the line.  

                I made a reservations about a month or two ago because my family was coming into town for a visit.  I have been wanting to try this place, but they were remodeling.  We came in at 11AM with a party of 8 and were seated right away.  The restaurant has a beautiful rustic feel to it.    I knew I wanted to try the bone marrow so I was so happy that was on the menu.  I also ordered their omelet and a cappuccino.  - Bone marrow - hands down, one of the best that I've tried.  It was buttery and topped with a chimichurri vinaigrette over the top.  The chimichurri was fresh and leaves a strong citrus taste in your mouth.  - Omelet of the day - this was just ok to me, I should have ordered something else.  It was stuffed with spinach, cheese, and bacon.   - Chilaquiles - pulled pork with a poached egg, served with queso fresco, sour cream, avocado, red chili sauce and topped with tomatillo salsa.  This was really good and all these delicious flavors packed in one bowl.   - Cappuccino - this was great, although they forgot my coffee since my husband ordered one as well.  Our server Brandon was exceptional.  He was very tentative and informative about the menu and what was in the dishes when we asked him.  Great service and great food, I will be coming back for their dinner menu.  

                Celebrated my birthday with good friends at the Table tonight. Had 8pm reservations because no 7pms were available but came in at 715 and we were able to be seated immediately. We split 3 apps and 2 entrees. they split the soup in to 3 bowls which was great. All of the food was good, if not a bit too salted (I'm admittedly sensitive to salt).   The service was prompt and nice though it's very loud in the dining room. During dinner it was hard to hear across the table. A solid four stars.  

                Wow!   Excellent service and quality fresh brunch.  The pulled pork breakfast sandwich is a game changer.  Sat at the bar with my lady before the rush and watched march madness. Go Virginia! The bloody marry was  spicy and quite yummy. The bartenders are friendly and quite knowledgable of their menu.  We will be back for brunch soon!   $10 all you can drink mimosas were nice as well.   Haha  

                We came here to celebrate a friends new nuptials and were just all around disappointed with our experience.   We made a reservation for 8:45 a week in advance. Showed up early to have a cocktail and secretly hoping to be seated sooner... Weren't seated until 9:20.   The manager came out and apologized which we appreciated and assured us that the kitchen was sending out a "snack" right away for us to enjoy. This snack didn't hit our table until AFTER the small plates we ordered had already been devoured -- about 30 minutes after being seated. It took 15 minutes for bread to hit our table and when they brought out the bone marrow we had nothing to eat it with. We had to wait ANOTHER 15-20 minutes and remind two servers to bring more bread to our table. Oh and the "snack" from the kitchen -- brussel sprouts. Really? Of all the tasty things on the menu that's what the house wanted to gift us? After taking 30-40 minutes to seat and greet us? It just seemed like an after thought. And there was just no sense of urgency.  To make matters worse our entrees didn't hit the table til 10:30. And the soup I ordered was COLD but was so hungry I didn't even want to send it back.  The one saving grace of our experience was our sweet server. She was very kind and accommodating but the service was just so slow.   Given the gravity of the celebration we were having and the way the restaurant accommodated us we were just really disappointed and actually embarrassed by this experience.   Will I return? Probably, the food is pretty good. But I will not be returning to celebrate anything important or be recommending to any friends. Dine at your own risk and definitely don't come here if you're on a schedule. This place has so much potential but really missed the mark on a really important night.  

                Im so surprised by all the positive reviews on here. The service was slow, and when I say slow I mean SLOWWWWW! I cant remember the last time I sat at a restaurant for over 2 hours waiting for some small pieces of meat and expensive vegetable dishes to be served. Absolutely ridiculous. On that note, lets talk about the $18 dinner plate of asparagus... yes $18 for some asparagus. You'd think there would be shaved truffle on it for $18 but no. The food was ok, but there are a lot better choices in the Willow Glen area and considering they didnt even have the one thing anyone wanted (the burger) which is praised as the best item there, I definitely will not be going back here. Perhaps they consider themselves as a brunch spot for reason, hopefully they do that well but when it comes to dinner they fail. Extremely disappointed and had such high expectations.  

                LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Been wanting to try for the longest time but finally had the chance last night on the first night of Restaurant Week. $35 for appetizer, entree, and dessert...what a sweet deal! Def take advantage of it, people!   Came here with 2 others so we got everything on the Restaurant Week menu and shared. We also got the bone marrow to share and the seasonal sodas with homemade hibiscus syrup.   My fave from the night was the crispy chickpea, bone marrow (of course and with the acme bread fresh from the oven zomg!), the heirloom melons with jersey cow ricotta was also surprisingly delicious. I really like the taste combination here. The braised beef cheek and roasted pork belly was sooo tender and it melted in my mouth. it was love at first bite for these two dishes! And the pork belly sauce has a kick to it as well. Very good. For dessert we got the chocolate pot de creme and the goat cheesecake. The thought of goat cheesecake sounds interesting so I was looking forward to trying it but it was too goatcheese-y for me. I can't have too much of it. The chocolate pot du creme with sea salt sprinkles and a dollop of whip cream on the other hand was delicious! Loved it. Finished the whole pot.   Overall I had a very good dining experience at The Table. I would def make a returning visit and try their brunch and HH! I also really like how you can pay using paypal (and if you do, you get $8 off) it was very new age modern and hip and seasonal...not what you expect from a quiet under the radar SJ restaurant. My new fave spot!  

                This has become the go to Sunday brunch spot. I almost don't want to post this because I want to keep it all to myself. I am shocked that Bill's across the street always has tons of people milling around outside waiting as compared to a few at Table... usually on a Sunday morning there's a wait, anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour. We ride our bikes about 7 miles to here and lock them up around the corner, eat, drink, and ride back.  Bottomless mimosas! Amazing bloody marys! Ciders, beers, and refreshing cocktails. Some kind of game is always on the screen. Their menu is DELICIOUS unique and fancy--the kind of things I can't or won't make at home. Bone marrow, beignets, open faced sandwiches, daily soup and omelette specials, and my personal favorite: Scotch eggs.  They are renovating in the next couple months and will be closed for two weeks. They are expanding into where the laundromat was next door and adding a bunch of outdoor seating. I hope they keep the ambiance the way it is now!  

                What a great dining experience! I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and he loved it, says it's one of the best gifts he's ever gotten. :D  I wouldn't say it's the fanciest of restaurants, which is a good thing. It's not the kind of place people go to put on a show and be flashy. It's laid back but still classy and elegant  I called ahead to reserve a table and told them it was for a birthday. I also asked to preorder a bottle of champagne. When we arrived we were seated at a great cozy candle-lit booth overlooking the rest of the restaurant. They promptly brought us waters and our champagne and made us feel right at home.  Everything we ate was incredible, especially the bone marrow! They were even sweet enough to bring out a complimentary dessert for the birthday celebration. I actually regretted preordering the champagne cause they have a good looking cocktail menu, so if you go, have a drink on my behalf!  

