                Got a take out the other day for:  1 Charburger with cheese 1 Char Mushroom 1 Garden Veggie burger + 3 french fries  My family and I liked our burgers (nice flavors).  I'm definitely coming back!!  

                I cannot express enough how much I love this joint! Their menu may not carry much, but what they do have packs a serious punch!  Their charbroiled burgers are deliciously perfect! Their fries are amazing. Onion rings are perfection! Have I mentioned how yummy the salads were!? There isn't anything here that isn't good!  

                I living nearby; I'm subjugated to the tummy-growling-inducing smells churning out of here on a daily basis. When I do finally give in, I will almost always pick up a Santa Barbara burger. Yush please! *nods* A burger on crunchy sourdough with all the trimmings? Nannou nannou! ^_^ This makes  for happy Kittays.   I usually grab an order of onion rings too. And when I'm feeling really prone to doom and destruction I'll squeeze some on my burger for added crunch.   Fries and milkshakes are okay.   Service is friendly and prompt. Plus.   Burger quality is better than In N Out, and the vast majority of other eating establishments in the area. Price is reasonable for what you get.  

                My new fav order is the lettuce wrapped charburger with cheese and a side of tempura green beans - YuMmm!  

                HOLY MOTHER OF ALL BURGERS.  I've never been to the Habit Burger Grill. Until today that is. Everyone always told me it was so good that I had to try it. Months later, that is exactly what I did. I was expecting more In-N-Out quality burgers, but no. Not at all. Habit Burger surprised me in the best way possible.  I ordered a Double Char with swiss cheese and bacon, a side of fries, and a drink. Grand total? $10, not bad at all. Especially considering it was quite possibly the BEST burger I have eaten in years. I don't how they do it, but they did it. The meat is so flavorful and they are generous with toppings and fries.   Also, they have amazing Strawberry Lemonade. I love that they don't make it too sweet, because normally I have to cut it with water or something. Everything at this restaurant is on point!  Service was excellent and friendly today, I can't remember the girls name, but she was really nice. Food came out super quick, and we left happily and stuffed to the brim with delicious burgers. My friend also agreed that it was the best burger she ever ate. I think we found our new go-to burger place.  

                Hamburgers, sweet potatoes fries, and malts are extremely high quality. This is a real malt; so be in the mood if you order one as it can be a bit intense.  

                Came here to eat for lunch.  Oh my god!  Love love love this place.  I have heard many good things about it but this was soooo good!  This reminds me of In and out with more variety.  It is just as good as The Counter and is half the cost.  I ordered a chicken teriyaki sandwich and it was $ 5.95.  Delicious! and fresh!  I was full afterwards.  This is my new favorite hamburger joint.  Love the price point, love the food.  Staff is also very nice and the place is super clean too.  I wil be back to try their fries and milkshakes very soon!  

                I had the Original Double Char. A symphony is to a musician like a burger is to a foodie. This burger is a crave crunching bun. It is magnificently charred and topped with all the better things in life.  

                I don't care how good (or not) the food is.   The wait is not worth it.   Figure out how to serve people quicker.  

                Love The Habit!  BEST burger in town.  Why even bother going to a fast food burger joint when you can come here.    LOVE IT.  

                Got the Charburger with Bacon and a side of sweet potato fries. The burger was good, but the fries were a little disappointing. They weren't that crispy and the flavor was OK at best.   If you're in the mood for a burger it's OK. I'd go there for convenience, but there's an In-N-Out & Five Guys which I'd drive to if I decide to pick flavor over convenience.  

                I have been here several times now and have always been satisfied.  The staff is friendly and very helpful if you have questions about the menu. After ordering, they will give you a little plastic box that will "buzz" when your food is    ready..... honestly, I felt a little anxious while waiting for the "buzz." What would it be like? Would the "buzz" be scary? Would it explode?? Ahhh!! Maybe me so nervous...  As for the hamburger and french fries I ordered, I found them to be tasty. I think McDonald's hamburgers and fries are still better, but my meal wasn't terrible.   The iced tea I got was alright.... pretty watered down though....   My main problem with this establishment is the long wait to order, get a seat, and get your food. They sooooooo need more places to sit... though it was thrilling fighting off other customers to get a table... Mwahahhahaah ;)   For y'all in Dublin, I think there is a Habit Burger Grill near "Chucky-Cheesy."  

                Good place for a cheap, quality charburger that's more substantial than the ones at In-n-out! Their fries and onion rings are also really good!   They also offer assorted shakes and malts. During those hot summer days, a coffee malt will hit the spot!   It's only $3 for the charburger, plus 50 cents for cheese, and a combo is only around $7!   There's a complimentary jalapeño bar, which is pretty unique. They also offer sandwiches and salads.  

                Great Char Burgers - Oder the tempura deep fried green beans with your order! Also, the fries in a combo can bee replaced with onion rings or sweet potato fries.  

                Their tempura green beans are too DIE for! Try out their sweet potato fries and their shakes! They're the bomb!  

                One of my favorite burger joints in the east bay. Service is good. I love the charburger and their tempura beans are awesome.  

                I know, I know, it's just a burger.  But it is good value and at this location, it's done well.  I like my burgers charred.  Hence, I like the establishment's term of calling it a "char burger" and the fact that at this location, it's actually charred yet still juicy inside.  The fries are crispy and decent.   Although I haven't tried it, I hear the malts are super delish.  I must try one soon but the calories.....oh the horrible calories.....keep from diving straight into a luscious strawberry sludge of milky goodness!  Yes, they do have vanilla and chocolate as well.  I can't recall if there were other flavors but I certainly fantasize over the strawberry malts.   Given the choice of the dominant fast food burger joints versus the Habit, I'd definitely opt for the Habit.  The prices are relatively the same so you're not paying an atrocious amount to get a burger, fries, and a soft drink.  If you're in the area, give it a try.  It can't hurt.  You're going to pay just as much at a national fast food chain.  Might as well try something new, right?  

                I really liked the burgers here.  They were awesome!  The staff was nice and gave me a side of avacado for my son since he is way too young to each a burger :)  I ate the whole thing and had a very positive experience.  

                Changed to 5 stars as we keep coming back for more.  

                Absolute garbage!! Dry, tasteless dog food!  I put it on par with McDonalds! In and out puts this garbage to shame! Don't waste your money!  

                3 1/2 stars.  This Habit Burger location is stationed in what seems to be a new strip mall close to the freeway, anchored by Safeway.  In the same complex are several other chains, such as Panda Express or Baja Fresh, so on the way back to the Valley we decided that Habit is the best option out of what was offered to have a quick dinner.  Habit is lot of times compared to In-N-Out and the comparison is partially true, except Habit doesn't have a drive through. They do, however, have more options to try than In-N-Out and instead of pure fast food,  it is better classified as fast casual, along the lines of Chipotle and such.  Their signature burger is Charburger and though good, I still prefer In-n-Out to it. Why? One, I-n-O's spread is awesome and two, their burger doesn't come with a pickle which I personally don't like. In a way, it is my fault because I should have examined the ingredients and leave the pickles out. Also, you need to add cheese to the burger for extra 50c so the price comes up a bit higher than at In-n-Out. It is not all bad though: they have kid's meals for 4 bucks and also offer onion rings, sweet potato fries, and even salads and sandwiches if you're looking for something healthier.  The service at this location was as expected, as you order at the register and they call your number when food is ready. There was nothing extraordinary about it but we were greeted and the questions we had about menu and substitutions were answered promptly.  If there is no In-n-Out around, Habit Burger is a worthy substitution. Maybe not as great but I wouldn't mind coming back when passing through Pleasanton again.  

                I'm sorry to say my time at this particular habit was a poor experience.  I've gone to the Dublin location and had a great sandwich but the Pleasanton location was a let down to say the least.  My sandwich didn't taste fresh but like a frozen sandwich you buy at Costco and heat up in the microwave. I find it to be a giant contradiction to their motto "there's no substitute for quality." What a shame I won't be returning to this location anytime soon. Ya boy GOAT AKA the greatest of all time  

                Great burgers and chicken sandwiches! I am a fan of The Habit!! I am always switching between a Santa Barbara style char burger, the chicken sandwich (I prefer it with bbq sauce instead of teriyaki, both are offered), and the chicken club. All so yum. I recommend both the fries or onion rings, whichever I am fancy at the time. And for a treat if it is a rough day, I may add a strawberry shake:-)  This location has a friendly staff and at most times moving quickly...especially during the packed weekly lunch hour. If you are going for a lunch spot during the work week, this is a favorite of mine. It is so nice that there is comfortable outdoor seating. This is a warning that this shopping center gets packed quickly and the lines for The Habit grows each minute as the lunch hour continues.  

                I'm a huge fan of this place! whenever I see them off the freeway, i always pull over and grab a bite. The only down fall is the long line lol but the people at the cashiers are really fast and nice  

                Fast food it is! Got our food right away despite how pack the place was.   My mushroom and Swiss char burger was so juicy and delicious. The burger meat was medium rare, exactly how I like it.   Hit the spot!  

                Great customer service, fast service, amazing food! Line is always long but it's worth the wait! Will be coming again!  

                Best burgers around at a reasonable price...  Very popular for lunch, so it can get crowded.  

                I had been meaning to try the Habit Burger for awhile since I started seeing it sprout up everywhere in the bay area. I must say, it's a pretty good burger and I'm not even a burger fan most of the time.  I ordered the Mushroom Swiss burger, added bacon, and skipped the tomatoes. I made it a combo with french fries and a drink. The burger was so tasty! It wasn't greasy like the Five Guys burgers and it was still so satisfying. The meat patty was juicy, the mushrooms were flavorful, and the bacon was crispy goodness. I got a side of the hot peppers to spice up my burger, definitely recommended! I also asked for ranch on the side for my fries. The ranch isn't available unless you ask for it so make sure you ask.   The workers were kind and courteous. They walked around to clean up the tables and take our trays when we finished with our meals.  I'll definitely be back when I have another burger craving.  

                Came in here to grab a bite before my finals. I decided to get the albacore tuna sandwich (can't remember the exact name though, I've had it several times lol). I love this sandwich, just taste so good and fresh! I like having it on sour dough and the woman at the front suggested I eat it with green bean tempura something. Lol, I really can't remember the names. But that was absolutely delicious as well! Waited probably at the max 5-10 mins, and service was fine. Pretty friendly people. Food is great! Definitely come here to try their burgers!  

                This actually was my second trip in grabbing a burger from this particular location...and one other time at the Elk Grove location. So I decided that I had better write a deservedly good review about this location. The Habit Burger Grill in Pleasanton has the same feeling as in the Elk Grove location, that you're about to embark on AWESOME burger experience!  The Habit is quickly becoming a favorite for whenever I am out riding with my sport-bike brothers and sisters. One this particular day, I was with my wife and two daughters...and to my disbelief, they had not been here before? So before heading over to Stoneridge Mall for a little shopping, we had lunch here.  Our orders were taken in typical Habit fashion, and upon paying, you are handed a order is ready vibrating device. Based upon my previous experiences, wait time for your order up is on average less than 10 minutes which is pretty darn good in comparison to others who pride themselves on being a fast food burger joint!  I decided to have the Char Double w/ Cheese combo which included  fries  (extra crispy) and a drink, my wife and daughters all had Char  Burgers w/ Cheese combos which totaled to approximately $28 for the four of us.   I think that "The Habit Grill has my unanimous vote to be added to my favorites list of burger joints in the Tri-Valley area! If you haven't already, give them a try....I'm sure you won't be disappointed!  

                I sit here satisfied and impressed.  The burgers were well cooked and the onions and tomatoes were fresh and crispy.  But the food is not why I sit so impressed.  Nor is it the person taking our order, He was new and nervous and...well he forgot our fries and drink.  I sit impressed and satisfied because of the awesome manager did in kindly fixing our order and making us feel like we were the most important customers in the place and the place is packed. I  

                The guys who started this burger joint in Santa Barbara have blessed us by putting in a location here in Pleasanton. Great food, great service, good place for a quick bite. You will never get a better burger anywhere. Try a chocolate malt if you want your tastebuds to experience heaven here on earth!  

                Great food, although I've only had the burgers. I've been to several Habit locations. Every time I have had to wait in line to order, get the buzzer thing, and of course had to use the restroom. All Habit Restaurants only have one men's room and one ladies room. Ridiculous when there occupancy is well over a hundred people.  I am a fan of the food, but will take it to go from now on. Oh, and the buzzers have probably spent some time in the restrooms.  

                Food here is yummy!   I got the Charburger w/ Cheese w/ an onion ring & my husband got the Mushroom Swiss Char. Both were really good burgers. We also got the sweet potato and regular fries which were hot, crispy & tasty! My son got the chicken nugget meal and he really enjoyed his meal as well. So, 4 stars for the food alone.   The menu was rather simple, but they totally allow you to customize your burger however you like. So get exactly what you want! They also have a super nice staff. The girl who took our order was very friendly & thorough and our order came out perfect!   A couple things that bring the rating down are the wait and cleanliness. The wait was pretty long and the line didn't seem to go down at all. So make sure you have the time to hang our for a little bit if you want to dine here. Also, when we went to get a table they were all dirty. We had to clean our own table because not one table was clean. So I'm deducting a star for the wait and the cleanliness issues.  Other than that, the experience was good. Standard fast food set up where you order and pick up your food at the counter. There is a self serve soda fountain and some seats outside with heaters if you would rather dine outdoors. I would definitely come back!  

                Service gets a 3 out of 5. It wasn't bad service, but the person running the register needs to be louder. It was busy, so it was pretty noisy and the person taking the order was not compensating for the noisy environment. The person taking our order also was too quick to actually listen to our order. Instead of listening for us to say what we wanted, we would start ordering and very quickly we were being asked what options and extras we wanted before finishing what we were saying. By trying to save some time, it took longer to give our order.  Food gets a 2 out of 5. Like the service, it wasn't bad and it filled us up, but it wasn't that special. I got the BBQ Bacon Char and onion rings. The onion rings were slightly above average. The burger just wasn't that great. I also didn't like that I tasted more of the condiments(pickles, mayo, tomato) than I did the beef patty. The burger is all about the patty and everything else should compliment and/or accent the patty. It seemed that with each bite I got a different taste of one of the ingredients of the burger, so it wasn't very consistent.  We won't be returning, but only because there are more burger places I could go that offer a better product. My rating is more based on the food than the atmosphere or service and I give it 2 out of 5.  

                Great place for a grilled chicken sandwich if your friends want to grab a burger. They are open late (for Pleasanton) until 10 PM which is great too.  Friendly staff and clean inside.  

                I always order the mushroom swiss char burger on sourdough. I prefer it on sourdough rather than a bun.   Pricing is pretty reasonable and not too over the top like smashburger. I rather eat at the habit than smashburger. The habit is a nice alternative to in-n-out if you're craving a quick burger.   The fries are whatever. Get the onion rings instead, it's super crispy!  

                Meh..... This place along with The Counter place prove just how far standards have fallen. Obviously the marketing campaigns of companies like these, know what they are doing as the have convinced today's millenials that this is premium food and they need to tell everyone via social media. Far from it, let's start with the lady making the shakes... Hello? How about at least attempting to clean the mixer between shakes. How about the 40 lbs of shredded lettuce hiding the overcooked beef pattie. Fries were barely OK and the sweet potatoes fries were horrible, I actually tossed them in the garbage. You add to the mediocre food, the lack of cleaning in the place and you get 2 stars. See my pictures of how clean the bathroom was. Come on manager, do your job!  

                Great place I would go here over in-n-out if there were more locations. The fries and onion rings were great here. I got the teriyaki chicken burger (with pineapple) and saw the sandwiches were awesome!  

                I don't get it.  The Habit was suppose to be the new Juggernaut in the burger world.  There was sooooo much talk about this place coming to the area.  It's ok, not out of this world, waaayyyyyy better than the fast food joints anyday, but not better than in-n-out of five guys.    For the price, I wouldve just gone to Five Guys and get a big giant bag of fries as well.  

