                Decided to skip eating pizza with the guys at the gym and treat myself to a leisurely lunch.   I was sitting at the bar - great bar, I love this place and the bar is perfect. And I noticed that everyone that walked through the front door looked ready for a special lunch. And that what this place is - it's a special place.   I started off with a nice glass of Rose - they have 2 kinds, and this one has a nice hit of acidity in it. No not acid - just acidity. Accompanied with the Lox and Pita Chips - Yum. I love lox and this was chopped up like tuna tartar mixed up with the accoutrements - capets etc. in a ramekin. So delicious I could eat this every day.   Then I ordered a hot pastrami sandwich served with German style potato salad. The potato salad was good - I like vinegar, and the Sandwich was SO FREAKING DELICIOUS. Really - that good. It cost $13.00. If I go across town to the deli it's going to cost me at least $10 - so in my opinion this is definitely worth it.   Brittany suggested a Cahors - deep dark red wine from southern France. Outstanding - rich and delicious, dark fruit, cedar - I could go on, but note that this wine was perfect. Complex with medium developed tannins. Cahors is made with the Malbec grape but completely different than one from Argentina Fyi.  

                Not bad, but can't say I'm inspired to go back, unfortunately. I kind of liked the toasted bread with the lemon broccoli topping, though the edges were burned BLACK. French fries were actually pretty tasty, while the chicken at $26 was simply OK.  Waitstaff was nice & friendly.  

                Went there today. MOLD on the bread!!  Not that busy. My friend ordered a side of bread with his macrobiotic bowl. Three large slices of bread were delivered from the kitchen. I had a slice which tasted a little old.   As stated above, my friend picked up a slice to eat and pointed out that there was MOLD on the bread!   The waitress apologized, but it certainly raises concerns about quality control in the kitchen. In apparent recognition, they knocked $5.80 off the bill. Not sure how they came up with that calculation.   Maybe you will have a better experience. But, word to the wise, look carefully at what is being served to you before putting it in your mouth at this place.  

                I came on a weekday to breakfast. It was easy to get seating without the need to wait in line. In fact, on a weekday it wasn't busy at all (I can't imagine what it's like during the weekend).  Ate a kale salad and a waffle with coffee. All was good.  I like the setting but can't say it was anything phenomenal (though I'm sure other dishes and menus on the weekend may be more interesting). I can see this as a great place to get together with people and may try it again.  

                The spinster sisters is now one of my favorite dining spots in Santa Rosa- it's ambiance and menu are both refreshing. I came for brunch with my friend and the atmosphere was calming and hip and happy and rustic all at once. This is what Norcal is all about! The macro bowl with quinoa, kale, arugula, beets, and carrots in mushroom broth was a great healthy choice, and I love that the menu included both heavier and lighter items (from brisket as the special to brussel sprout chips to house made bagel with lox) . The macro bowl could have had more flavor (I expected the broth to be more potent and thicker), but the vegetables were fresh. The service was ultra friendly. Will definitely be coming back!  

                Quick update on a return to Spinster Sisters for their Sunday Burger Night. Last nights version was the 1/2 pound grass fed beef on a potato bun with slices of thick bacon, fontina, rosti, lettuce and a flavorful aioli. With your choice of a huge stack of crisp French fries or sweet potato fries.  With a couple of Moonlight drafts (pilsner and death and taxes), made for a perfect dinner.  Wanted to add that there was a reunion party going on near our table and the Spinster team came right over to see if we wanted to switch tables. We didn't mind the group, actually we enjoyed the entertainment :).  At the end of dinner the manager graciously tried to comp us desserts but we were too full from the burgers plus as mentioned we didn't mind the group. 5 stars for the food and 5 stars for the thoughtful service.  

                Loved it!  Their house made hot sauces were divine, and their coffee was bomb. And their homemade lox and bagel?  Uggghh.  

                It's my favorite brunch/afternoon hide out.  All local & organic produce & ingredients  used.   Quiet & artsy atmosphere  .  Every one here is so sweet.  I love both the brunch/dinner menu.  Exotics Flavors.  

                Ordered the pineapple coconut challah French toast, chocolate donut holes with blackberry sauce, and applewood smoked bacon. Everything was delicious.  

                Tucked out of the way neighborhood cafe /bar.   We caught the afternoon at an odd time. Too late for lunch and too early for dinner. And starving, but the waitress offers us the small plate and bites menu for snacks. Then in 45 minutes we could order dinner. Perfect  We started out with the brussel sprout chips drizzled with a light lemony aioli- in heaven!  The blue cheese stuffed dates that were smoked- just the right amount of smoke.  Now we could order the big stuff-- baked chicken over polenta. The flavors were there and yummy, but the broth added to the dish made it running and hard to eat. Needed a spoon. The lamb meatballs were perfect. Hot and well seasoned in a light red sauce.   Service was good. Place was clean. It's a modern decor in an old building. It works  

                Romantic, Edison-bulb lighting? Check. Cozy vibe? Check. But most of all, check out the well-executed variety of California cuisine, inventive without being forced. Some highlights:  * warm foie gras: delightfully light and custardy * brussels sprout chips w/lemon aioli: fun and nice balance of crunchy, creamy * burrata: great pairing of charred/toasty and cheesy flavors * lamb meatballs: perfectly tender, rich tomato/stock-based sauce * rabbit pappardelle: savory meat, impressively tender home-made pasta  All around, a great addition to the wine country dining scene!  

                Pretense without reason.  That is how I could best explain my experience. I enjoy dining at restaurants that can sometimes can be explained as pretentious or hip, when the innovation and quality of food backs up the attitude.  This is not one of those.   We were a little dubious over the menu that was limited, but than can be a plus when there are standout dishes that carry the experience.  This is not the case.  Certainly with the very limited brunch menu, which we were told was the only menu available on the weekends. Not the slightly more appealing lunch menu in the window.   After listening to our waitress whisper the specials in the noisy room, I decided on the pork shoulder ragu with biscuit.  The biscuit was less flavorful than white bread.  I believe the salt may have been accidentally omitted from the recipe. The pork had a slightly smoky flavor but no accompanying depth of pork flavor or seasoning. And apparently what made it ragu was a completely unseasoned tomato puree that tasted of under-ripe tomatoes.   My wife ordered an egg scramble with fontina and sourdough toast.  The eggs might have been passable in a chain breakfast place, but again had little to no seasoning. There was a bit of fontina. And the sourdough toast was two tiny rounds so hard they would be more properly labeled crostini. I believe that preparation of eggs are one of the basic forms a chef or restaurant should be judged by.  They failed.   We ordered a mixed potato and vegetable hash.  This consisted of cut fingerling potatoes dry roasted without apparent oil or seasoning.  And I found two very small pieces of what appeared to be over cooked winter squash.  No condiment accompanied these dry flavor short potatoes.   The service was passable, the Flying Goat coffee delicious.    We crossed the street for a delicious dessert that outweighed this meal entirely.  

                I didn't expect this here!!!  Reminded me of Portland, OR frumpy area but really great interior. Clean and modern in a brick and lite wood way add some brushed steel etc.  Food: it's all good but I always feel not so full as I would like after. But in all fairness im a biggish eater lol.  Clean, relaxing with higher quality food and presentation. Small but cozy comfortable?  There's a chef with pride here so enjoy.  

                Expensive for what you get. We left after spending $75 for breakfast for three. Also thought that the plates were small - after leaving I went home and had another breakfast  Don't get me wrong, the food is very good. I enjoyed the waffle but the portion size leaves something to be desired.  

                1 star for fast, friendly service  1 star for an all around amazing vibe (they have cool decor, and a huge bookshelf full of books!)      1 star for bottomless cup o organically grown Flying Goat coffee  1 star for serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner  1 star for the food being great!    The menu is very diverse and exciting.  This place is a lot if fun, you are sure to have a memorable dining EXPERIENCE!  

                After hearing raved reviews about Spinster Sisters from acquaintances, I was excited to have dinner at the restaurant with family and friends. We ordered pea soup, deviled eggs, roasted broccoli/burrata, lamb meatballs, and salmon dip for small plates. They tasted okay, nothing special. The roasted broccoli/burrata and deviled eggs definitely weren't worth the price. The Moroccan chicken and Berkshire pork chops tasted good but were pricey considering their quantities. If I return for dinner again, I would just order a main course.   Our server did her best but service was pretty slow. Several of us kept our coats on because it was cold sitting by the front windows.   I will return to try their breakfast/brunch. Hopefully, I won't be disappointed!  

                Cool little spot in a part of Santa Rosa I hadn't really been before. We had a bunch of dishes and shared between four of us, then I think I had the roasted chicken too. A couple of wines by the glass. Overall it was very nice.  

                Visited for a breakfast on a Saturday morning with six adults and two babies and had a wonderful experience! The food was hot and tasty, our table was ready (we made reservations which you can do with a party of six or more), and service was excellent.   My friend had the granola waffle with fruit on it which was tasty and nutty with lots of flavor. I had the A street scramble with perfectly fluffy eggs and thin shaved vegetables, which some fabulous whole grain toast. My husband raved about the duck mousse and Kimchee bacon deviled eggs he had. One of the babies with us had milk which our waiter smartly suggested we put in a coffee cup with lid to make a 'sipee' which was super thoughtful and worked beautifully!   If you are looking for a tasty, fresh, and unique breakfast spot I highly recommend Spinster Sisters! Yum.  

                Ok... This place has quickly become my favorite restaurant. The food has been consistently delicious and the menu is always changing which is fantastic. Today I had the ham and fontina sandwich with fries and their fantastic aiolis. The sandwich had fresh made Pear butter on it. They have the best coffee in town from flying goat. The artwork is incredible and the ambience is well-suited for digestion... Lol Also, all of the waitstaff are very friendly and it feels authentic which is important to me. Thanks spinster sisters!  

                I feel so let down:  two years ago I gave an enthusiastic 5 stars (for reasons given below), and promised to come back again for the next celebratory event.    Tonight was the night, but there were major fails which I trust is uncharacteristic.  Anyone can have a bad night!   Here is what happened.  Two in our party ordered the Korean short ribs plate, and it was almost a joke.  Small, thin, and burnt to a crisp, I mean BURNT, and clearly not edible.  We did bring it to our waitperson's attention (Nicholas) and after some conversation he comped the two rib ladies with a free dessert (a nice gesture but not enough to take the stink off the meal).  That somewhat made up for the gaffe (none of the kitchen people came to the table to see the dish, probably embarrassed for the burnt food, and no manager who was at the bar enjoying himself).  The second fail was that there were two parties at our table and we needed to be billed separately.  But, when we were leaving, we got only one bill;  I had to put on my accounting hat to unravel this mess, but then Nicolas (server) came to my rescue and presented the correct bill as he should have from the start.  That was a little demeaning for me and should not have happened, especially since we made it clear even before the meal ever started.  To that end, I have downgraded Sisters to two stars, and in my heart of hearts I know Sisters should be a five star restaurant.   I doubt I will be going back soon, as there are too many other proven eateries in the county to choose from. I did love my terrine, and my roasted chicken, and the free desserts were to die for.  I love the atmosphere, too, and the menu is quite interesting but this put a damper on the whole evening.  

                Dinner--food was not tasty. Had the salted cod, fishy and greasy. Service slow and wait people not attentive. Overpriced. I could go on and on, but suffice it to say I will not be returning.  

                Really interesting menu.  I loved the fries that had fresh rosemary and sage.  The brussel sprout chips are good but really, really greasy.  If you don't want the bottle of water they auto put on the table (drought thrifty), ask them to take it so they don't have to waste it.  

                Love this place.  Eaten here multiple times and always happy. Service is sometimes slow but everyone is always wonderfully friendly. Food is delicious.  

                I went there for first time recently and I loved it. The Customer Service fe our server Annie was excellent and the food/desserts to match! I Love how it hangs to the back of the arts district and away fr the norm of Santa Rosa...Spinster Sisters will definitely get a second visit out of Me!  

                We ordered a cappuccino, coffee cake muffin, spicy sausage ragou over polenta, onion dip, wilted kale salad and bellinis and mimosas. The service was kind, decor exceptional, plating well done, dishes simply perfected. . . Do i need to go on?  Eat here.  

                Great service and great ambiance. This hip spot is not only fun to go to but the food is amazing. The South A scramble is a hit and the Spicy Sausage and Polenta is worth bring friends back to try. Top it off with Flying Goat coffee and you have a winner on the packed SoCo Breakfast circuit.   I shall return.  

                Some days are good some are bad.   I've had delicious deviled eggs and kale salad and i just had an AWFUL Benedict there with runny egg  whites ...and I mean runny   Great people and recipes, just inconsistent  

                We could not decide between this and another place for dinner, so we decided to have dinner at the other and dessert here.  We wished we had saved room to try some of the small plates, but good news - they're open for breakfast too!  We ordered two of the seasonal fruit desserts and the staff was super friendly even though we showed up as they were wrapping up for the evening.  The crisp was strawberry and pluot, which the husband still mentions whenever he sees a pluot. We liked it so much, we went back for breakfast. Coffee was really good, quinoa bowl was tasty and made me feel healthy, and they even had the charred peppers we had at a seafood stall on our honeymoon in Spain (great memories and delicious!).   Between our two visits the ambience was completely different, what a difference lighting can make! We didn't even recognize one of the paintings. This makes it a romantic date spot, or a nice spot for a breakfast meeting. We'll definitely keep this place in mind next time we visit, and Santa Rosa is a great jumping off point for anyone visiting the area.  

                The boyfriend and I came to try the Spinster Sisters for a quick brunch before heading back down to our side of the bay, and boy! am I glad we did! Very cute little restaurant that has a hipster/antique vibe. Big windows so lots of natural lighting. Super nice waitresses with great customer service. There weren't that many people around 10am on a weekday morning, so we were seated immediately. Very good for couples or pairs, but they also had a couple big groups there for brunch/breakfast.  We got kimchi and bacon deviled eggs to share. Very interesting concept, and it was delicious! We saw they also had kimchi blood marys on the menu, but neither of us were bloody mary lovers, so we decided to skip on that. The boyfriend got the Spicy Sausage Ragu -- a DEFINITE recommend in my book. It was super flavorful. And I got the Mushroom Pappardelle -- also very yummy with LOTS of mushrooms.   I definitely recommend this restaurant for brunch! They are super attentive, without being overbearing. Great place for a date or a girls' outing!  

                I almost wanna do 5 stars but we went one time in between lunch and dinner and didn't have the best mid day food.   BUT this is my one of my top three places to go for breakfast or dinner. The decor is simple, clean, and a little quirky (mason jars, beakers, spinster decor in the bathrooms and chalk walls, and beakers for some drinks). Plus they have an kitchen with a view (personal favorite). Decent wine selection and a menu with signature items and ones they change out and feature local and seasonal items, a must for me.   Went today for dinner for turnips, fried sunny side up duck egg over black rice, arugula and bing cherry salad with feta, and an interesting gnocchi dish.   Servers are pretty good, ultra friendly, all fit the hipster vibe of the place. Will you like everything they serve? No, you can't please everyone but it's all done well, very original, and innovative.  I recommend this spot to everyone I know. Date night, low key birthday dinner, somewhere for the boys or the girls or mom and dad.  

                Me : "Hello! Spinster Sisters?" Lady : "Yes!" Me : "Are you one of the spinsters?" (With tongue in cheek) Lady : "Hell no! They're both long gone.... been dead for years!" Me : "Duh?"  This time it was the name of the restaurant that piqued my curiosity. No, the sisters are not the owners but the restaurant was so named to honor and cherish memories of the spinster sisters that used to live in an apartment above the restaurant more than 50 years ago. I thought the name is cute and a touching tribute to the sisters.  SS is located off the beaten path in Santa Rosa's vibrant artsy district south of A street (SOFA). The restaurant's layout is hip albeit functional. There is a huge wraparound counter right smack in the middle of the rectangular shaped dining room and can be used as an oversized communal dining table. The regular tables are situated around the perimeter of the dining room. Art pieces done by local artists adorned the concrete side walls as exhibits for sale. Art pieces against a concrete wall.... I thought that was pretty cool! However, the concrete walls and cement floors had created an acoustical problem by magnifying the noise level inside the restaurant making conversations difficult.  The exotic and eclectic menu comprises of a mishmash of American, European and Asian inspired dishes. The House Made Kimchi and Bacon Deviled Egg ($3.00) caught my eyes immediately. Talk about a symphony of flavors! The salty and garlicky kimchi, the smokiness of the crisp bacon bits and the creaminess of the egg yolk combined amazingly well to give a simultaneous outburst of contrasting flavors. I am sure this is their signature dish. The soup du jour was Roasted Carrot and Ginger ($7.00 cup. $10.00 bowl). This was a clever concoction of carrot and ginger pureed into a thickened cereal-like consistency with a hint of cumin oil. Ginger gave the soup a little tangy aftertaste but I had to add a dash of salt and pepper as it was a tad too bland for my liking.  If you have a hankering for bagels, head to SS for the chewy Everything Bagel with rich cream cheese and silky salmon. Being an ex New Yorker, Bagel and Lox is iconic and hard to resist. The usual condiments included red onions, capers and avocado. Cucumber and tomatoes seemed to be missing and SS substituted a side of arugula with light vinaigrette dressing. This added a little bitter, sour and nutty taste to the bagel.... not a bad trade off.   I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw Roasted Pork Bahn Mi ($12.00) on the menu. A product of French colonialism in Indochina, this is a good example of fusion food and in this case between French and Vietnamese. SS did a fine job by combining French ingredients (baguette and mayo) with native Vietnamese ingredients such as fish sauce, cilantro, pickled carrots and daikon. The meat fillings in SS's version were roasted pork leg and belly. The belly has a little too much fat for my comfort zone. Nevertheless, being non-Vietnamese, I will dare say it rivaled any bahn mi that I've gotten from any Vietnamese bakery or pho shop.  One of the oddest looking desserts I ever had was the "snow" capped Japanese Pumpkin (kabucha) Cake ($8.00). It had 3 layers. The bottom was the pumpkin cake that resembled a cup cake and it wasn't too sweet and very "cinnamony". It had a crusty outer layer with a soft texture inside. This was topped by a thick layer of light and fluffy maple whipped cream that was soft as snow. Sandwiched between the two was a pecan streusel that added crunchiness to the entire dessert.  I had a thirst attack after the meal caused not from a MSG overload but from excessive sodium intake from the kimchi, capers and my generous sprinkling of sea salt in my soup. Overall it was an interesting and satisfying meal with an international twist and I'll be back in a heartbeat.  

                Hubby and I went for dinner on a weeknight. Nice, modern, comfortable atmosphere. Positive and upbeat wait staff. We sat at the bar which had purse hooks under the counter (which I always appreciate). The knee space under the bar is too shallow even for me and I'm 5'2".   We had the pear salad, grilled calamari, brussels sprouts chips and ox tail. Everything was tasty, especially the chips. Ox tail was deep fried I think and some parts were a bit on the too crispy side but the flavor was still good. Hubby enjoyed the housemade salted caramel ice cream sundae. We got there in time for the tail end of happy hour so the half price glass of wine was nice as well. We would come back next time we are in the area to try some of their other dishes.  

                We stopped in this place for a late lunch. We ordered light. Just got some pea soup and an order of brussel sprout chips. All the food was delicious especially the chips. Served fresh and hot. We decided to order pumpkin chocolate pot de creme and it was really excellent.   The reason for only three stars is the service. The waitstaff seemed far more concerned with cleaning the tables and doing side work than waiting on us. We had to ask twice for water and it just took too long. No one ever checked back after our food was served to see if all was ok. I hate that. Waitstaff was nice and friendly and knowledgable but seems untrained. Also this place is just too expensive for what you get. We had two cups of soup, Brussels, and dessert ($8) and after tip it was $37. Do I want to drop that much for two cups of soup and a bar snack and a small pudding? Hmmm. I might have to go back for those Brussels.  

                Brunch was super satisfying. Loved the care they put into ingredient preparation - mandolin/thinly sliced garlic instead of crushed, minced chives and sage in the potato hash side. Makes for beautiful food. I loved my lox bagel, hubby loved his waffle. Though it was lonely (as in just one). Good thing we also got hash. Parsnip soup was very parsnippy and yummy. Attentive and friendly service. Overall, left feeling very nourished and well cared for. I'd love to try dinner there.  Interesting space. Hip modern industrial. But would like to see fresh paint on window sill and lower walls. Sometimes hip modern industrial just looks tired and worn.  I think if you like Peter Lowell's in Seb, you'd like this place and vice versa.  

                Just happened upon SS. Beautiful space, super friendly and sweet servers, great music played in the background. Huge portions, beautiful ingredients. Get the Kimchi Bloody!  

                just WOW happened upon this place visiting friends- and i hate to say- i was not expecting much.  When I walked in, i was completely floored by the design, the bar, the bookshelves, the colors, the wood. The menu surprised me again, seeming to be tailored to everything i specifically love to eat! Ordered the eggs benedict, and they may have been the best i have ever had. Great coffee, great service, couldn't complain about a thing! I even loved the flatware/dishes. I only wish i lived closer!   I will be definitely swinging by here when i'm even SLIGHTLY in the area, this is a hidden gem.  

                I had great service here - the waitress was super friendly and kept our water glasses full. We did not wait long for anything, even though my friend and I were that annoying table that talks rather than looking at the menu.  The environment is very aesthetically pleasing, and there are chalk boards in the bathroom that people can write quotes on (they also proves the chalk : )).  The menu (about a month and a half ago) was diverse. My friend and I ordered five different things (plus dessert), all of which were very good and went well together even though they didn't sound like they would.  The only downside, the reason I didn't give a 5-star rating, is that there are very few vegetarian optional on the menu right now. Come on, sisters - your food is creative and incorporates many ingredients that most restaurants don't dare attempt to include - I know you can do it!  

                What a pleasant surprise, shrimp and grits with poached eggs all in one bowl good stuff. Really enjoyed breakfast. Will go there again soon. A variety of items on the menu, different but very tasty.  

                This place is so hip that it's not even close!  One: The service totally sucks.  We sat down at the bar and asked what is in two of their cocktails.  The first server said, "I don't know.  I'm just a guest server." and walked a few feet away to have a personal conversation with another server.  The next server said she didn't know either, the drinks were new but walked over to get a paper and read off the ingredients.  The main waitress was disinterested the whole time, looking bored at having to wait tables.  The rest of the waitstaff rotated through the other side of the bar eating lunch and complaining to the kitchen about their current moods.    Two: From a design and comfort standpoint, the bar is way too shallow.  There is only about 6" of overhang.  My knees were completely pressed against the bar, and I had to bend over to eat a bowl of soup.  I'm not a big guy and was wondering the whole time, "I hope they didn't pay a professional to design this place."  The food was okay not great.  I'm mostly irritated that I went from a recommendation.  Maybe I'm spoiled from living in SF for several years, but Spinster Sisters is another Sonoma County restaurant that misses the mark and leaves me hoping to that one restaurant that is tasty, interesting, and consistent.  

                The tostadas were fabulous but they were out of waffles and the coffee was not good.  Could be great but our visit was just ok.  

