                MEXICAN SOPAS Soup Heaven!  Tony knows of this "hole in the wall" restaurant (please don't take offense Tres Hermanos), as some of the most authentic restaurants are just that, opposite of pretentious in every form possible, and he wanted to share his great discovery with me.  This restaurant sits along a frontage road in East Palo Alto, just opposite IKEA and parallels the 101 freeway.  As in their name, I could have ordered some delicious looking tacos, but was craving their fried Chimichanga which is shaped in a unique square.  One may choose either chicken pieces or shredded chicken; I chose the latter.  I loved how I could pick up my four sided crispy quadrate and manage to take a big bite of it without the integrity of my Chimi falling prey to a soggy form.  It remained perfectly intact until the final delightful bite!  The chicken was tasty and topped with guacamole and sour cream.  On the side, were lettuce, tomatoes, radishes, Spanish rice and beans.  Everything about this dish resonated authenticity.  Their refried beans was one of the best I've ever tasted; it was smooth and flavorful.  I also enjoyed eating this dish with a side of salsa, which tasted fresh and homemade.  Now...my husband's soup was out of this world!  I can't say that I've had a lot of Mexican soup before, but I really don't think one would have to in order to say that his Caldo de Res was purely soup Heaven!  It was made with cabbage, carrots, potatoes, corn and a generous portion of beef.  It was so savory good!  With our subsequent visits in the very near future, I will definitely try their other offerings:  tacos, burritos, enchiladas, Chili Verde, quesadillas, tortas, fajitas, fish, nachos, and a number of other soups.  

                Some of the best Mexican food around! I used to live down the street and around and ate here at least 4 times a week and never got tired of it. Now that I moved from the area, I always stop in whenever I'm around and I'm never disappointed!   I mostly get #27 with carne asada, bomb! The meat is always perfect, and the price is right at this place. This place is definitely one of the more authentic taquerias in the bay. And the staff is pretty nice in there too.   Can't wait to go back for more!  

                A "hole in the wall" kind of Mexican place. Food was absolutely fantastic!  We got the super nachos that were hands down the best nachos I've ever had at a restaraunt.  Also got the quesadilla and a super burrito that were both excellent. Food was perfect and served in less than 10-15 minutes exactly how was asked it to be made and service was very nice.  

                OMG this place is terrible.  The counter was covered in dirt and dust and I didn't want to put my purse down to get my money out.  The menu board was just printed sheets of paper that were so faded I could barely read what items they had.  I opted for the beef enchaladas and they were terrible.  The beef was the consistency of beef jerky-it was tough, dry and flavorless.  The rice was just okay, but the beans, omg, they smelled so bad.  There was a harsh chemically smell coming from the beans and I found a hair in them.  And the prices are not what people are saying in their reviews.  I didn't see any of these dollar tacos people are referring to.  My plate of dog food cost me $15.  This place is disgusting, I don't understand how anyone could give this place anything higher than a 2 star rating.  Terrible, disgusting and such a waste of my money.  

                This is my regular place for tacos because their tacos are AMAZING. Growing up in an area heavily populated with taquerias, I've tried many many different places for Hispanic foods, but three brothers is still by far my favorite place to go to! Love it (:!  

                Came here before a trip to Ikea. They have very cheap tacos! I opted for the 3 tacos plus rice and beans for around $7 - great deal!  I ordered one carne asada taco, one carnitas taco and one tripe taco. What I got was one carne asado taco, one carnitas taco, and one shrimp taco. I can't really be too mad that they screwed up my order. There was a bit of a language barrier and although I really wanted to try the tripe taco, the shrimp taco ended up being the best tasting of all three.  The rice and beans were on point. And although I've had better tacos, this place has a lot of promise. They have a variety of popular mexican foods and I wouldn't mind coming back here to give this place another shot if I'm in the area.  It's cheap, it's tasty, and it's mexican. Oh, and they specialize in tacos!  

                Bomb. I lived off this for months when i first moved up here.  My main orders are the fajitas, super burritos and 3 taco plate. Their carne asada, carnitas and grilled chicken are my favorite.  

                I got three carne asada tacos with rice and beans. It was quite good and very reasonably priced. The tacos were kind of plain with not much to them, so don't expect anything fancy.  

                I just moved here from campbell and was ecstatic that to see a hole in the wall mexican restaurant close by.  So far I've eaten here 3 times. One word yummy! Two times I ordered a super carne asada burrito and it was so flavorful! The carne asada tasted fresh and juicy! The most recent time I got the wet burrito and damn for $6.50 I got enough food for lunch and dinner! The place is kind of dingy but I don't care. If you want to go to a fancy shmancy place go down university avenue. But if you just want some good authentic mexican food to fill you up come here!  

                Best Mexican food I've had in a long time. Authentic as hell. Tacos all only $1.50, and you'll find places in town with far inferior food selling tacos for like $2.99 or more. People here everytime I come, it's very popular. If you're wanting the best taco in town for the best price in town find your way down here off the beaten path.  

                Best tacos and tortas hands down! Overall best Mexican food in the Bay Area and I'm Mexican so this is saying a lot.  

                The flavor was good. The The price was excellent. 4 star meal though Three stars are for the to go order on a paper plate wrapped in tinfoil that got soggy on the way home.  

                If you are interested in really good Mexican food, not diluted "American Mexican," go here. Absolutely no-frills and simple. My test of a real Mexican restaurant is how they do Menudo.   This place passes with flying colors. Don't expect anything fancy for a date or the like. It's just drop in, eat, and head out.  

                BEST TACOS IN TOWN!!! I live 2 minutes away from the 3 brothers on University but I will still drive across town for their tacos! I recommend anyone to come here. They are quick and delicious :) 5 stars for 3 bros!  

                This place is my jam! The carnitas burrito is epic and for $6.50 you get a massive and really tasty serving! We have been here multiple times and have never been disappointed! I highly recommend the carnitas- crispy delicious pork!  

                Since I am also a native of San Francisco, I am very hard to please when it comes to Mexican food.  Three Brothers is my only exception because the food is great and I am lucky enough to live right around the corned.  My favorite are the shrimp tacos with the green sauce.  The shrimp is not over cooked and they are seasoned just right and the green sauce just adds the perfect combination of flavors that kick those taste buds. I usually order for pick up and when I arrive my order is always ready.  I have not experienced a screw up on my order which is two stars just in itself.  Eat here if your in the mood of some good Mexican food.  Everything is good from burritos, tacos, and food plates.  

                If I didn't meet my friends here, I don't think I would have never ventured to this part of town. It may be Palo Alto, but it might as well be on the other side of the freeway.  That said, the prices and variety was surprising. For $5, I had a delish chicken burrito. Which is so much better that the $5 "big box" from TB! I want to come back and try their soup, it looked mouth watering.  

                After a morning of shopping at IKEA (just over the freeway), it was satisfying to head to Three Brothers for a super chicken burrito. What they lack in ambience, Three Brothers makes up for in flavor. The tortilla was fresh and delicious, the pulled chicken was well-seasoned, and the overall flavor was one I know I'll crave. My husband had a carnitas burrito and loved the meat.  My only complaint is that the horchata tasted like it was made from a mix--one of those where you just add water. It was too sweet for my taste. I love horchata, so I was really looking forward to this one, but next time I'll skip in favor of a Mexican Coke.  Overall, the perfect place to stop before heading back on the highway. A bonus: there's a 7-11 across the street, so if you need road trip snacks or water, you can load up before you keep driving.  

                Three Brothers offers really solid Mexican food for a great price. My favorites include: Carnitas Super Burrito, Super Veggie Quesadilla, and the Shrimp Tacos. I live around the corner, so I carry out fairly often. It's always a treat! You can call your order in ahead as well.  

                food is pretty good, about average for greater redwood city, but the service is unbearably slow in three out of the trips.  

                I was thinking "5 stars" on my first visit; My taco plate (3 tacos, beans, and rice) was a steal at $6, especially when they included my soda for free.  The carnitas had solid flavor; The al pastor was top notch; The carne asada had good flavor too and minimal gristle.  The beans and rice were on the money. I left full and satisfied.  I was thinking "4 stars" on my second visit, after I had to wait in a long line to order my burrito to go, then sit and wait for another 15 minutes to receive it; This might be OK for a restaurant, but is totally unsat for any self-respecting taqueria. The burrito itself was fine, and the price was right ($5)  I was thinking "3 stars" on my third visit, when I again had to wait an abnormally long time for my enchilada plate (15 minutes again), even though I had been the first customer in line for lunch; I also noticed they didn't have a chip and salsa bar to satisfy my increasing hunger. Nor did they offer green chile sauce on any of their dishes; Nor mole sauce. (Though once I received my enchilada plate, it was pretty good).  What I'm trying to say is: If you're short for time, go elsewhere; If not, get the taco plate.  

                Excellent taqueria. Great selection of soups, seafood dishes, and the normal tacos, burritos, etc.  Staff is very nice, and service is speedy.  

                love the cheap tacos with no tax! tried the buche, lengua, and carne asada tacos with cream cheese, meat was flavored just right! for 3 tacos, rice and beans my total was $6.00!  can't beat it! and this definitely beats el grullense a couple blocks away!  

                Decent find along the 101 with authentic Mexican food.  I had the tacos with carne asada and they were tasty.  Relatively cheap too but a friendly staff in what seemed like a family run business.  

                I like this place better than the one on University.  The tacos are good.  The horchata's good.  The nachos are loaded!!  The rice is yummy.   I should probably try other things from this place... but my tummy knows what it likes.  Ordering during lunch can be a little time consuming - but whatta ya gonna do?  

                This place is a bit seedy and is located in a questionable area.  I thought EPA was on the other side of the 101, but it's on the "good" side too!    We came here on a Saturday and the service was mediocre.  The food was not very quick and I had to ask for chips twice before I got them.  The chips were really good though.  The tacos aren't as good as Rincon in Mountain View.  The burrito was disappointing and had more lettuce in it than anything else.  Both were $13 with 2 diet cokes - can't beat that.  BF says service is better during the week when it's all males.  On Saturday, it was all females that looked like they were not happy to be there.  Also, they have no dessert.  No churros, flan, no nothing!  Burrito Factory on Homestead is much better...  

                Best Three Brother tacos better than the one on university ave. Had a burrito and sope very good taste this is a real Mexican Resturant. Price range very worth it !!  

                Three word; Exceptional home food.  We were looking for a decent mexican restaurant and landed here by GPS lady's fault on a wet and cold afternoon. And what a pleasant surprise it was.  We ordered Chicken Chimichanga, Camorones de la diablo, chicken tacos and Sopes.  It took them a while to get our food and when we took our first bite we knew exactly why. Everything was freshly cooked, from the base of Sopes (crispy and hot) to Chimichangas to the Shrimps. It was amazing.  And Shrimp Diablo IS hot :-) and along with the sopes, it's the best we've ever had.  Great food to complement the weather.  

                $6 for 3 tacos with rice and beans... how can you go wrong!!  My coworkers and I discovered this place by accident and immediately loved it.  The two times I have gone, I have gotten carne asada tacos with green sauce and it has been delicious!  There is something about their taco tortillas that are just thick and tasty that make you crave more.  My coworkers have gotten sopes and carnitas and were also raving about them.  Also, try out the melon water. Super refreshing on a hot summer day!  

                I have no idea why this one doesnt get as much play as the one on University. It's a bit divey, especially when I first moved out here years ago, but the quality is just higher than its popular counterpart and the menu is slightly larger. Buche and Tripa tacos are solid. You don't have to deal with all the yahoos at the other one too  

                This place was filthy the last time we went, customer service was horrific!!! My poor husband was in line for like 15 minutes waiting to order while I tried to clear a table in the filthy restaraunt... He got so upset from being ignored that we just decided to leave. I will NEVER go here again!  

                Solid neighborhood Mexican restaurant. I've had a few things on the menu and all of them were delicious. The only downside is their spicy salsa is fairly mild for my tastes but still tasty.  

                One of several in a chain, this place has the best tacos.  I love the Al Pastor (marinated pork) ones the best.  Ordered with everything is the way to go with maybe thier wonderful fruit drinks or a nice brown ale.  

                Just happened across this place for the first time, having never driven down that part of Bayshore before.  I was going to go looking for Mexican on University Avenue, but this one appeared on the side of the road. Plenty of cars in the parking lot, plenty of Mexican patrons inside-- these were good signs!  I'd been craving an enchilada that day, so I ordered one with carne asada.  It came out fresh and hot on a real plate with silverware.  It was delicious -- wonderful red sauce, hot beef, gooey melted cheese on top and tasty refried beans on the side, and the rice was topped off with some delicious slices of avocado.  My companion got a couple of al pastor tacos with a Negro Modelo, and I shared some of his beer. For $17, we both ate our fill and were incredibly impressed with the flavors in our respective dishes.  Terrific bang for your buck at Three Brothers.  We'll be back, for sure!  

                Have grown to be a fan of the 3 brothers location on University so I decided to check this one out as well.  Many of the menu items are the same between the two locations.    Sadly, this location is not nearly up to the level of the University Ave location.  Chief differences:  1) No Salsa bar 2) Slow service 3) Prices higher on some items.  The one thing this place has going for it over the other is the 4 tacos for $5 special.  

                Great food and price! If you like tacos, then this is the place for you. There isn't much ambiance or great customer service, but I'm confident that you will love their tacos, especially their carnitas.  Seriously, in the Bay Area, where are you going to find 4 tacos for $5, made fresh to order?  

                Nice and convenient location, but the quality isn't the best.  I found the pollo asado to be a bit greasy and the shredded wasn't too flavorful.  In a pinch, I'll return.  The service is friendly, though, and that's a plus!  

                I love this place! Great food at a great price. You really can't go wrong with anything you order- you'll get authentic Mexican food and a lot of it.  

                $6 for three tacos + rice + beans = good good shit. Tax already included? Holy fuck, that's good good shit. You can get a different filling for every taco. Crispy carnitas. Tender carne asada. But, what really fucking sealed the deal was the pollo asada. So damn flavorful. So much so that I can barely contain the dribble coming out the side of my mouth as I type this.   The cashier was real sweet and let my friend and I try two of the agua frescas while we were debating on which to buy. Jamaica was good. Can't remember the other one. Ended up going with the pineapple. Have you ever heard what pineapple does to your nether regions? Supposedly it's a miracle-worker, so pineapple it was.   Gotta love that it's in the middle of a residential neighborhood. Parking is up real close, like store-front close. Feels cozy.  

                I'm unclear on whether this little place, tucked in across a 7-11 on West Bayshore and just a stone's throw from my offices, is related to the bigger and newer Tres Hermanos on University Ave in EPA.  My guess is that they were once related but now are not, based on subtle differences between what is otherwise the same offering at the two restaurants.  Maybe the hermanos had a falling out.  Anyways.  I had the 6 dollar taco plate with carne asada, same as I usually get at Tres Hermanos on University.  Pretty damn good, tough to say which is better.  Pluses: - Tasty - Less greasy than the same plate at TH on University - The side of refried beans was noticeably creamier and better. - In my estimate, you are considerably less likelier to be gunned down in a random act of violence at this quieter establishment.  An acquaintance who is a forensic investigator has told us that TH on University is the only place she has had multiple repeat crime scene visits for gang-related shootings. - Free chips  Minuses: - Some suspect chunks of gristle in my tacos.  Doesn't usually happen at TH on University - No AC - Probably not as tasty overall as TH on University.  So there you have it.  Which is better?  Depends upon your relative weighting of tastier beans vs. tastier carne vs. risk of GSW.  

