                Wow. Is what I can say. I was just driving past on my way to San Fran and I had to pee so I stopped and figured I'd grab some lunch. Best Mac and cheese I have ever had. So flavorful and yummy! I also had the half rack of ribs! So good! Falling off the bone!! I could drool thinking of this place again. The only thing I'm sad about is that I live in Oregon and I won't be back here again! Wish I had one where I live! Great overall!   Ps don't let the dated decor fool you!  

                Why You Should Come Here:   It's a great alternative to the other fast food options you'll come across when you're driving along Highway 101. It's only about a mile from the freeway and not that much of a detour.   Both the Pulled Pork Sandwich and the Pulled Chicken Sandwich were very flavorful. It's clear that this place knows how to make good BBQ. The Ranch Fries complimented the sandwiches very well. If we had stopped for dinner instead of lunch, I would have tried the ribs. Next time, I guess.  What I Hope They Improve:  While the meat is awesome, the sandwich buns left a little bit to be desired. I would have loved a brioche or pretzel bun option, or maybe butter and grill the buns a little bit as they were kind of dry.   All of the postcards inside the restaurant are a cool touch. I'd recommend including one of those with every check.  

                Have been by this place dozens of times over the years - usually in the summer when it was packed and never stopped by. Finally hit it a few days before Thanksgiving on our way to visit family up north... heard so many great things from friends - and it's all true. Great staff, awesome menu, plenty of choices for all.  We tried the Pulled Pork Sandwich with Slaw, and the Half-Back of Ribs with Brisket. Just awesome, better BBQ than I would have expected, and better than some we can find here in the Bay Area. The Ribs (Pork Ribs?) were smokey, and just slid right off of the bone. Another side of Slaw and BBQ Baked Beans with that order - we could barely finish it. Reasonably priced, cool venue... Can't wait to come back and try more items!!  

                This place is so cute and cozy looking on both the inside and outside. Found myself in Cloverdale for work related business and needed a late lunch recommendation, a local recommended this place.   Service was warm and friendly. I ordered one of their world famous burgers, and I loved it! The mayo/ mustard sauce was really yummy. Big fat steak fries were perfect. They serve a ranch dressing on the side, which is not my thing, but I tried it and liked it. I alternated my fries between  their ranch And  Ketchup, just to be different I guess.  My burger was served on a Costeaux French Bakery bun, so devine!.  The owners obviously take pride in serving very fresh ingredients (burger meat is fresh ground) and the grounds and restaurant are super clean.   The  walls are adorned with postcards sent from previous customers that were fun to read.   Very unique bbq and hamburger joint, I will be back next time I am even near Cloverdale!  It is also super convenient off the 101 freeway. While I am not a beer drinker, they do have a good selection of locally brewed beers on tap.  It is higher priced than fast food joints,  so for those complaining about price, I found the  prices to be comparable to other restaurants in the county serving fresh ground burgers.  Enjoyed my meal here, and I am really picky about my burgers. They met my picky burger test!  

                My husband is a BBQ fanatic and also extremely picky about BBQ, so on the recommendation of a friend, he tried this place. Not only did he love it, he ordered another sandwich to go to eat for dinner - he NEVER does this unless it is amazing. Well, that's the testimony - the brisket sandwich/BBQ beef was amazing! You've got another fan.  

                Large menu. Lots of selections. Meat lover paradise.  Portion sizes are generous.  Service folks are quick and friendly.  Pulled pork was moist and flavorful.  Tri-tip was overcooked and on the verge of dried out.  It was chewy.  Smoke flavor balance on the beef was just right, though.  Onion rings were on the oily side.  Black eye peas were tasty.  Salad topped with brisket was okay.  If you are a BBQ connoisseur and demand the best, you will be a critical of the food here.  If you are less picky and are hungry in Cloverdale, you'll be satisfied.  Meal outlined above with a Boylan's root beer = $32 plus tax + tip.  Outdoor patio dining area on the concrete is dog friendly.  

                Great food. Nice stop between santa rosa and ukiah.  Only thing I didn't like was one of the cooks chewing on a toothpick. Not something I want to see as I'm eating.  

                Awesome BBQ, we loved the Babyback Ribs and Brisket.  Quaint charming casual atmospheres with plenty of parking and outside seating. Great for large groups and families.  

                This is a wonderful stop whenever you are in the area, and craving some barbeque. They make fantastic bbq'd ribs. The prices are reasonable, and the food is very good.  

                Great steaks. Nice pasta.  I like eating outside.   Great place to stop if you are heading to Anderson Valley.  

                One of the absolutely best Bbq places I have been. Ribs that fall off the bone, delicious sauces and the nicest owners! If you are at all in the area check it out! Service is usually pretty good but let's be honest, it is a bbq joint!  

                Superlative BBQ. The ribs were luscious, moist, and big. The dry rub chicken was moist and wonderful. And the house made chorizo sausage was great, and not too oily. It was also the biggest sausage I've ever seen. (Size doesn't matter, blah blah. But the point is that servings here are large without sacrificing quality.)  Butterscotch  pie/pudding was BRILLIANT.  Staff was attentive and relaxed. The booth was comfy, and there were free refills on Pepsi products.  I wish I lived near here so I could eat here for every meal and get OBESE from the glory of their food.  

                Good food, reasonable prices and friendly service. Cool location and cool theme. I've stopped here on my way through Cloverdale a couple times. Close to the freeway.  

                Meh...the tri-tip was over cooked. Brisket was better than average for once, and the pulled pork was dry.  

                Delicious and then some. Had the brisket with BBQ beans and sweet potato fries. OMG the beans were super delicious, great smoky flavor with just the right amount of sweet and savory. Brisket was cooked perfectly, tender, juicy, and fall apart... Kids had the hot dog and fries which was grilled to perfection and the fries were good. Hubby had the chili cheese dog with onions. The chili was delicious on top of that grilled dog. Can't wait to go back. Will try their burger next time. Ribs on the other table looked amazing and they were raving about them.  

                Really expensive. Really good! Had the $13.50 British Burger, realistically , a lot of upscale burger places are in that range.Large fries or rings, good service. Great place to eat now and then, but yes, for everyday lunches there are better values elsewhere. Kids meals are a bright spot and keeps the bill down if you have the kids along. Save up and try a summer evening BBQ, magical!  

                Short review: It's good, well worth the deviation in travel plans if you are in the area.  Long review: I have stopped in a few times over the past year, and the food and service have been consistant lay good.  This review will focus on the pulled pork and black eyed peas I'm currently enjoying, as well as the service and ambiance.  The black eyed peas were perfect. No need to add salt or pepper. Temperature was just right, so you can just dig in. All of the ingredients were flavorful, and well cooked.  Regarding the pulled pork, I can picture some grizzled old cook in the back slowly adding salt one grain at a time until transcendence is achieved. The sandwich arrived with three squeeze bottles of BBQ sauce, two of which I used. The meat was cooked perfectly, with just enough crisp on a few pieces so that the caramelization is present and the texture of the food, when mixed with ample BBQ sauce is perfect.  The Pepsi, was a Pepsi...  Service was attentive, and the food came out quickly, although the restaurant was mostly empty.  The decor reminds me of a kids petting zoo with cut outs of farm animals and rusted cast iron skillets hung on the walls. Defiantly a teeshirt and flip flops kind of place, but perfect for the type of food.  

                This place is positioned right at the edge of Cloverdale and before the turn you are supposed to make onto 128 to go to Anderson Valley or Mendo. I can't remember how many times we've accidentally gone into Cloverdale thinking "damn, we missed that turn again by the BBQ shack." Well, this one time we stopped right at it and voila, had ourselves some great food. The servers are super friendly and attentive. I won't say the ribs are my favorite bbq but they definitely are fall off the bone moist. The burger is great too.  

                Second time here and today on Monday it is packed. Good meal ( we tried the BBQ )last time, this time we tried the "world famous hot dog" and "world famous hamburgers"The hotdog was nothing more than a Ballpark Frank and their British burger  (it's really  a bacon cheeseburger) was nothing special (by the way if you ask for anything other than American cheese you get charged for it). Friendly people, clean facilities and a ok place to stop after a long drive. Sorry it was just okay, stick to the barbecue.  

                The bbq ribs were the best I've ever had! the meat just fell right off the bone and was perfectly cooked. We got the full rack meal with 2 other meats and 2 sides. Definitely could have just gotten a half rack but it made great left overs. The pulled pork was also really good. I'm not a brisket fan so it did nothing for me but my boyfriend thought it was good.  When we went it was pretty slow in there. The service was fine. The dining room is a very typical bbq type place. Country vibe, nothing too fancy, yet very homey feeling.  I don't go to Cloverdale much but next time I'm up there definitely gonna make sure I hit this place up again!  

                Friends had been telling me for a while that we should come here.  We drive the 101 corridor from NorCal to the Bay Area often enough, that we should have already made the stop.  On this trip back north we finally did... and it was definitely worth it!  Hubby was just wanting a burger, and for him to call it the "best burger he's ever had" really means something because, seriously, the man doesn't ever eat burgers.  Thick, juicy, with a nice bun and fresh toppings.  The fries were ranch style and huge.  Dee-lish-ous with the on-the-side-ranch dressing.  I couldn't decide from the many uber-yummy sounding menu items so I took the server to task by asking him to rapid-fire pick from my top choices:  Italian Fungi burger versus Rock Shrimp sandwich (Italian Fungi); Italian Fungi versus Ribeye Sandwich (Ribeye); Ribeye versus TriTip Sandwich (Ribeye).  So I ordered the ribeye, and it was soooo good.  Huge, cooked to order, on top of a Dutch Crunch bun (and hanging off the sides) with fresh toppings.  I immediately cut it in half knowing I would never be able to eat it all in one sitting;  especially with my own massive pile of those freshly fried fries steaming on the plate.  The meat was tender and juicy and and and...  I know we'll be back.  Especially after seeing those piles of BBQ plates making their way from the kitchen to the other diners.  Oh, and hubby commented that seeing the bottles of BBQ sauce on the table always bodes well for good BBQ.  Hope it's not to long before we take another drive south (or north) and find out how good it is...!  

                Really great BBQ. Really big servings had the combo brisket and chicken with 2 sides. Mac and cheese and black eyed peas. We have a daughter at HSU and this was enroute so hope to come back. The wait staff and the food great. Was an unexpected and welcome stop in "wine country".  

                This is some seriously killer BBQ!  Finally got around to making the trek to Cloverdale after hearing from several different friends that The Hamburger Ranch had some great BBQ. And I am happy to say that the reviews were all spot on, and I was not disappointed one bit.   Had a massive combo of half a rack of baby back ribs, pulled pork, chicken, and their home made smoked pastrami. Each item was excellent. The ribs were fantastic, some of the best baby backs I've had, really tender and flavorful. The pulled pork was fantastic, also incredibly moist and with tons of good smoke flavor. The chicken was great, and the pastrami was really tasty as well. It was a HUGE plate of food and even though I couldn't finish it all I certainly didn't want to stop eating.  I felt the prices were very reasonable as well, considering the massive amount of food that you received, and how great the quality was.  Sides were very good as well...had some really great macaroni and cheese and cole slaw. But in the end, it was all about the BBQ, which I will happily make the drive back to Cloverdale for!  

                Not impressed with the "world famous" burger. The bread was poor, the meat was ok and the lettuce was yellow. Being an Angeleno, I'm hard to impress with burgers and this surely didn't come near an In-N-Out burger. The service was just ok.  I'm not a big BBQ guy so I can't really judge the ribs. They were smokey and ok. Avoid the burger.  

                With apologies to my home state of South Carolina, this was some of the best BBQ I've ever had.  

                Yes, I'm a fan. First time stopping. Loved the baby back ribs. We also had the brisket but sorry, I wasn't impressed. It had a strange texture to it. Almost like boiled corned beef (and cabbage) Flavor was ok but hummm. Mac and Cheese was great! We weren't that impressed with the fries. Sorry. At least they were the thick cut style. Great portion for us to split. Service was friendly but a little slow as it wasn't that busy and there seemed to be quite a few servers around. I'd love to come back and try their world famous burger though. Next time through we'll give it a go. I did like their Q sauces. Especially the mustard based one. Go ahead and give it a try!  

                Service gets a five.  Very friendly and they rushed us along as our two boys were close to bed time.  Food gets a one, not sure where world famous came from.  Kids meals were cheeseburger and chicken nugs.  Seemed like they hadn't changed out their oil inquire a while as their french fries had an odd taste.  I read reviews of the best brisket ever.  Not even close to some of the briskets i have had.  Ribs were decent, but nothing to write home about.  Beans and rice were bland and left me wishing i had tried another side.  Garlic bread was blah.  Asked my wife about the burger and she said edible.  

                Come equipped with your buffet pants! This place is truly a BBQ heaven.   The scene is pretty charming, smoke billowing from the BBQ, couples eating outside at tables, you can see families chowing down inside thru the adorable plaid curtains.  Its everything you want a bbq pit to be. I really enjoyed the postcards on the wall (nice touch).  My waiter Tanya was amazing, she was so chipper and you could tell she loved the food she served. I ended up getting the BBQ chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries. My date ordered the bbq quesadilla with baked beans. Lets just say both plates were demolished! The dish that spoke volumes to me was the baked beans. Iam going to be craving the perfection of those bad boys for quite some time!   over all, this place is a good hearty eat. I will definitely be back the next time on my way to 128.  

                Best BBQ and burger joint ever! I love this place! Whenever I want to splurge on some tasty fried foods and bbq, it doesn't get better than this! The staff is friendly and quick, and the bbq sauces are delicious. They have an amazing mustard sauce that tastes great with the pulled chicken or pork. It's the little things sometimes, even their ranch is the best!  

                This place is a dive, but you go for the BBQ.  Got the half-rack of baby back ribs. They were fall off the bone tender. No joke, the bones were pristine when I was done. Simply effortless. Big bonus was that the half-rack could feed two people. I ate half and took the rest home.  The BBQ sauces were really tame. I think they could kick up the "hot" sauce a few notches.  

                We typically stop here once a year on our way camping along the north coast on hwy 128. The hamburger, pork ribs, and brisket were very good. However, what sets this place apart is the selection of bbq sauce. Mild, medium, and spicy and flavorful. Buy a bottle for $7.00 and savor every ounce.  

                Good burgers, brisket and tri-tip.  Mac and cheese was very oily.  BBQ baked beans were delicious.  Reasonable prices and quaint seating areas.  

                We had the pleasure of this place twice during our visit. We had the Italian Fungi Burger with Onion Rings which were so very delicious that on our second visit the Onion Rings and a side of coleslaw were what I ordered as my meal. Very good service and a cute joint to boot.  Very highly recommended!  

                Best breakfast ever the morning after Boonville Beer Festival 2014. Homemade sausages are the bomb and the 3 different BBQ sauces seal the deal. Can't imagine how good the burgers must be!  

                Decided to finally give this place a try based on the great reviews and a few friend recommendations. Glad we did! There were 4 of us and we all had a hard time deciding what to order! So many yummy options. I guess we'll have to go back and try more if them.  Ended up with a brisket sandwich and fries. Got to try the baby back ribs and onion rings too. All delicious! My sister ordered a blt that looked amazing! If you like Smoked meats you will love this place! The staff was very kind and patient with us.  

                Stopped here on our way home from Mendocino. It's right where 128 meets the 101. Needed to feed the hubby a real "hungry man" meal after a weekend of light eating in Mendocino. Incredible BBQ. I had the brisket and my husband got the pastrami (cooked in house). Everything was delicious and the service was just the icing on the cake. Eat here! Especially if you like BBQ, burgers and beef...beef..beef!  

                It has been better, why was our food so dry? and service non existent for lunch on a weekday. The owners need to look at both the front and back of house to keep this going We waited forever for our drink order, then watched our food sit under heat lamps for several minutes until we mentioned it was ours. New staff is on order they are very confused.  

                Stopped by this place on a recommendation from a friend. Rolled up and parked in the big lot. Smelled promising outside!  Walked in and this place is VERY dated inside. The staff was friendly and took our order immediately. Had the tri-tip sandwich with onion rings. Unfortunately I had to get it to go so I didnt get to eat it right away. Good smoke.  The spicy BBQ sauce was sweet and brought some nice heat. It tasted like the regular one with some hot sauce added. Regardless, it was good.  I wouldn't mind checking this place out again. They had a nice selection of brews too!  

                Service and food are pretty great. Friendly in every way. The food has been excellent each time I have visited.    Yummy!  

                This place is amazing! I went here for a family outing, the atmosphere was nice. We sat outside where we would see a pit bbq where they cook most of the food. I got the pulled pork sandwhich was amazing! The pork came in big chunky slices and was the perfect flavor. They give you a couple different bbq sauces to put on your food which are really flavorful. Probably one of the best pulled pork sandwhiches I have ever had! For Desert I ordered the caramel apple pie with a scoop of ice cream on top, that was a good way to end dinner! it was amazing as well! The service was good as well. I would definately go back here in a heartbeat!  

