                Pappardelle all'Aragosta! Come to this restaurant and order that dish if you feel like loving yourself a bit extra tonight. It's the lobster pasta- made of creamy, cheesy, tomato sauce that smothers thick, wide noodles with chunks of delicious lobster throughout. The presentation of the dish is adorable as it's garnished with the clean shell of your cooked lobster. I like that they thought to garnish the plate with the shell, yet did the hard work for you beforehand altogether. The hard work being shelling the lobster and chopping it into bite size pieces for you. All that is left for you to do is to simply eat the dish, enjoy it, and feel spoiled.   The ambiance and decor is described by me as rustic romance. This restaurant is specifically nice for date night because of this.   Oh, service is wonderful! I love the host and servers. I've been here 3 times already, and everyone has been consistently charming. I've been pleasantly catered to by various gentlemen here, all always checking to make sure my dining experience is the best it can be. I really appreciate that.   It's easy to confirm that I'll be a regular at A Bellagio. I love the place, people, and plates.   Random last notes: - Calamari is good. - Fettucine Verdi Bolognese is currently my second favorite dish.  - Chardonnay selection is decent.  - Pappardelle all'Aragosta was honestly SO good that I couldn't wait to get hungry again to eat the leftovers later.  

                I would only give them 3.5 stars but rounding up since we did go with a large party of 16.  Appetizers were delicious. Carpaccio and caprese salad were both yummy picks and good items to share.   The minestrone soup was good - packed with tons of fresh ingredients and quite filling.   I ordered the pasta carbonara as my main course. It was just okay, likely would not order it again.   The service was super slow. Took forever to get menus, main courses took 1 hour to be served and we had to ask multiple times for drink refills. They may have been short staffed because I only saw 2 waiters. Our waiter brought out the main courses two at a time for 16 people...  

                My Friday dinner order-  Caprese salad, minestrone, Panzarroti al Forno.   Taste- Panzarroti Forno was a bomb, I had never  tasted anything like that before. It was fresh crepe filled with ricotta, parmesan, spinach baked tomato cream sauce. This place is vegetarian friendly.  Ambience- Romantic. Friendly staff. Service was pretty quick.   Cost- Dinner for two costed  ~$45!   Definitely, worth a try!  

                Be warned: this place doesn't serve any Pizza like most Italian places do, but that's totally fine as they do their pasta dishes really well.   In fact, there is a good amount of various pasta dishes you can choose from, including several vegetarian ones, and all we tried so far was really tasty. Their sauces have great flavor and are not too heavy.   There's always a special of the day which changes regularly. In addition to the pasta they also serve meat dishes - they taste really good and fresh too. Wine list is solid too.   Service is friendly and brings that Italian charm and vibe. Really enjoy the place!  

                Amazing service and food osso buco is the traditional set with polenta Large wine list Great for a romantic dinner  

                Absolutely fantastic meal...and the whole menu is mouth-watering. The one downfall is the available wines by the glass aren't the greatest - don't do the amazing food justice. The bottle list is terrific, but the I'd like to see a couple better by the glass options. But I'm happy to overlook that for the great food and ambience!  

                Wifey  and I came here for dinner a few weeks ago.   It was around 9 in the evening so it was a bit later than most people eat.   But to make a long story short, they nailed it.     The service was spot on, our waitress had the timing spot on.   The highlight of the evening was the dinner.   They nailed it.   Everything was so good, I had pasta and wifey had fish, we both thoroughly enjoyed our meals.   In fact, it was so good, we ended up ordering some dessert.   The tiramisu was awesome.     Well done folks.   Will I be back?  Sure, the next time I'm in the area.  

                I love A Bellagio! It doesn't have as many options as a lot of Italian restaurants but there is a reason for that. Everything they do make here is INCREDIBLE!! I have 2 favorite meals, the Gorgonzola gnocchi and the  bucatini Bellagio. My wife loves the chicken and the Osso Buco. All very authentic, and flavorful. I love coming here.  

                Quite disappointed. Reviews raved how great it was. Aside from the wine, the rest was certainly not up to par. Our server (a nice enough gent) was absent most of the evening.  For such a small restaurant and such a number of staff, one would be inclined to think they could at least look up for a moment and see if anyone in their area needed anything.  The appetizer, shrimp wrapped in priscutto, seemed ok. The bread was grainy and I figure it was something similar to what would be served in a Italy.     Everything just took forever!!!  The main course... You swear they butchered the beef that evening. Now, I ordered my steak medium rare. It came( after an hour) with tongue burning potatoes and broccoli... And a seated steak ICE COLD in the middle.   We were forced another glass of wine which I didn't want.   For $150, it was NOT worth it.  I accept they have had a bad night, but when I'm paying, there's no excuse.  Just not a good experience.  

                My boyfriend and I went here for a Christmas dinner (so this review is long overdue) and it was fancy enough for us to have a classy meal, but not too uptight where we felt stifled. The waiter was extremely attentive and knew the menu very well so she gave us good recommendations. While the pastas were really good, the one thing that really won me over was the Tiramisu. DELICIOUS. For authentic Italian food, this is certainly a place you don't want to miss.  

                We went here for the first time on 3/21 to celebrate my Moms birthday. I can't say enough good things about this place  it was a wonderful experience from the time I called for a reservation until we waked out the door   The place is beautiful and not too loud so you can carry on a conversation   The staff was AMAZING nothing was a problem no matter what I asked for   So friendly and professional   The food was OUTSTANDING we ordered off the banquet menu and every dish was DELICIOUS!!!!  The desserts WONDERFUL!!  They packed up all the leftovers which was a wonderful surprise and they were just as delicious the next day   I will DEFINITELY be back for dinner and we plan to do more celebrations there  I can't recommend this place enough   Thank you  A Bellagio for a wonderful evening!!'  

                Loved it! I went there with my girlfriends and I was very pleased. Everybody were very nice and the food was amazing!!! I will definitely recommend it and come back!  

                Absolutely fantastic! Everything was ON POINT I have been here 6 times already and always have a wonderful experience. I particularly love the bread and the Pappardelle all'Aragosta is my fave!  

                My husband and I dined here and were disappointed in our dinner.  He had spaghetti carbonara, which he found bland.  I had the sea bass special, which was just so-so.  The service was a big problem when my entree came out before we finished our appetizer.  The server did replace it and the manager offered us a complimentary dessert but we will not return there.  

                This place is beautiful - food is out of this world good  and the service is the best I have ever experienced. We were so thrilled to try out this place- and I am so surprised we hadn't ever ventured in before. If you love Italian food you will not be disappointed - the gnocchi and the clams were insanely good. We are big fans!!  

                Perfect place for a date! Though be ready to pony up the dough because this place isn't cheap.   They've got both indoor and outdoor seating - they crank the AC here so it's probably better to sit outside if you're sensitive to the cold.   The food and service here is great - pasta is cooked El dente but you can tell you're server what kind of texture you prefer so that the chef can prepare it accordingly.   I really wish this place had a special dip for their bread, though. Like some kind of garlic mixed with pesto and olive oil or something instead of the standard olive oil and balsamic vinegrette. So this is definitely something this restaurant can one up their game on - hence the four stars.   Anyways, for starters the bf got prosciutto wrapped grilled prawns and it was excellent! The prawns were juicy and fairly sized and the sauce had a hint of tart with capers. You can go wrong with this appetizer and it was one of the specials of the night.   Speaking of daily specials, you really can't go wrong with any of the specials. The bf and I ordered 2/3 dishes that were specials of the night and they were both delicious. He ordered the diced filet mignon with onions and mushrooms which was one of the entree specials for the night. I ordered the pasta al sliccicia (I'm sure I slaughtered the spelling on that one), which was a penne pasta with sausage and sundried tomatoes, a dish that many people order typically. It was great and flavorful but I would recommend sticking with the specials if you really want your taste buds to be wowed.   Definitely a notable favorite whenever I'm craving Italian. Which is actually quite often....  

                Went here again last night with the bf. Another great dinner at A Bellagio. I'm seriously obsessed with the gnocchi here, I need to start trying other entrees but why mess with a classic? Also got the caprese salad to start. I had two lemon drop martinis and the bf drank rum and cokes. Will be back again!  

                Always looking for superb Italian restaurants. Bellagio is that. Wonderful menu choices plus specials. Took a while to narrow my selection so many dishes sounded delicious.  I chose the veal saltimboca and the house salad. My husband had the lobster ravioli special and minestrone. Both were delicious!  This is definitely on our favorites list. Enjoy!  

                So many things that make this restaurant a star in Campbell!   First of all, the food. I'm very picky when it comes to Italian cuisine and every dish I've had here has been nothing short of spectacular. The true test? The carbonara. Oohhh the carbonara! One of the few places that actually makes it correctly. For those of you who share a love for this dish (adult version of macaroni and cheese), this place makes the sauce out of egg and parmesan, unlike those awful other places who take fettuccine alfredo and add black pepper and call it 'carbonara'.  Next, the wonderful people who work there. Coming here feels like coming home for dinner. Everyone there is so nice and work so hard to make sure that you have the best experience possible.  Third, the secret --- the amazing bartender! Yasha is an alchemist when it comes to mixing drinks! He is one of the few people I've found that can make a cosmo correctly. Not to mention the great drinks he creates like his basil martini! He works there Friday and Saturday - highly recommending going one of these nights if you're picky like me and like amazing cocktails.   Oh yeah, to top it all off? They make their limoncello in house. Another must try!  

                My husband took me there for my birthday. Had I heard what the man said to my husband just before he seated us I would have left right then and there.  My husband ignored it because he didn't want to spoil my birthday. The man who seated us was annoyed because we did not have a reservation and he said to my husband "well I can get you in but I hope you can eat fast" It was early and no one was there. Had I heard that I would have left.  The food was not good at all and the meal was $100 dollars.  I will never go there again.  

                If you come for lunch on a workday, no one's there so you get faster service and more attention, and the food is cheaper! I ordered the special of the day, and I think it was $18. The rest of the menu seemed to be $13-16, which isn't bad for Italian.  I ordered the basa, which was the special. The first few bites were pretty good and unique, but then I realized I wasn't very used to the white wine sauce, and it got a little old. I didn't quite want to finish. The broccoli and potatoes were cooked well though! Also, the portions vary by quite a bit from dish to dish... I went with a couple friends, and we noticed the spaghetti allo scoglio had a lot more than my basa or the ravioli. Luckily my appetite wasn't that big, so my basa was enough for me.  Server was nice and extremely friendly. She told us stories while we were eating, and maybe if we weren't in a rush to get back to work we would have appreciated it more. She made a few mistakes, but was super nice about it.  

                A delicious celebratory meal.   Took my parents here for a special celebration. My parents are italian foodies so I knew I was taking a bit of a risk. Bellagio delivered!   The service was fantastic, a cozy space with an excellent wine menu and they carry my favorite Moscato. We were a mix of veg and non-veg as well as a child and they were able to please all palettes.   My favorite was the fresh crepe. A-MA-ZING. If you are a vegetarian I strongly suggest this dish for it's complex flavor. It's filling but light to the taste. My dad did the Saltimbocca and was thrilled since it was something he hadn't ventured to try before.  Overall an excellent place to dine with friends or family for when you want something delicious and satisfying that pleases a variety of palettes.  

                Nice ambience! Ordered calamari, prawns for appetizer. Was great. Not spongee or elastic. Crunchie that also melts in your mouth. Spaghetti with clams and prawns was excellent!   Service wonderful. Definitely recommend  

                Maybe it's because I loaded up on bread before my meal, but the pasta was a letdown. I got the lobster pasta--don't ask me what it's called because I can't even pronounce it, let alone spell it. The lobster was very flavorful, but unfortunately sparse. The noodles had a fresh pressed homemade feel to it. The thing I didn't like was that the entire dish lacked flavor. This is probably personal preference, but I'm used to the sauce smothered stuff at Olive Garden. The pasta here definitely tastes more authentically Italian, but it's just not for me.  My friend got the Bucatini Bellagio pasta--which had parma ham and egg yolk in it. Although flavorful, the pasta was extremely raw and chewy/hard.   They brought out a slice of tiramisu for my friend's birthday, and it was enough for 7 girls to share. SO MOIST. SO DELICIOUS. Highlight of the meal.  The best part was the service. 5 stars for our gracious waitress who was cheerful and willing to accomodate our every need. And the servers who refilled our glasses of water every 2 minutes and spoon fed my friend the tiramisu---it was unexpected and awkward but soo funny!!! Since the price is quite steep, I probably won't be coming back... but the staff made it an extremely positive experience. :)  

                I've been to this restaurant multiple times now and each time the food has amazing! Service is great, ambience is perfect, pasta is fresh and made from scratch! Prices are reasonable as well! This is a great place for Italian eating! Make sure you have a reservation!  

                When we walked in the guy in the front asked us if we had a reservation and we said no at which point he took our name down. There weren't any pleasantries and he didn't let us know how long the wait would be so that was a bit odd. We waited for about 15 minutes and were seated.   Our server was attentive, but he didn't go out of his way to let us know what kind of vegetarian options were on the menu. We ended up ordering two pasta dishes, a couple of glasses of wine and tiramisu for dessert.   The wine and the tiramisu were delicious, but the stars of the show (our pastas) were under-cooked! The pasta was premature of al dente and just weird in consistency. If they had only cooked the pasta a few minutes longer our dishes would have been delicious.  

                Simply a beautiful restaurant with amazing and friendly staff. I have never met a waitress in my life that genuinely is happy to see us and becomes more than a waitress but a friend at the moment.   So sad that I forgot her name! :-(  Their menu items is a little pricey but the quality of their food is much better than  what you'll pay for at Cheesecake Factory which makes it worth every penny.   Another restaurant with a romantic atmosphere to take your significant other for a date :-)  

                Very cozy spot with great food and service!  

                This used to be my favorite italian place.  Not anymore.  Last time I was there, I had called in advance for reservations and the owner(?) told me to just come on in, no problem.  When I got there, restaurant seemed empty but when I asked for a table, he told me they were all full.  Perhaps they are not kid friendly as I had my kids with me.  When I told him that I called and he told me to come on in, he said "oh that was you?"  Then he told me that we needed to eat fast.  Seriously?!?  Wow!  Poor service and manners!    Didn't really enjoy our meal that evening either.  This will most likely be the last place we will go to for italian as there are a lot more italian restaurants out there to chose from.  

                I had the lobster pappardelle and it was absolute heaven. I tried a bite of my friend's Gorgonzola gnocchi and it was so rich and delicious. We shared a burrata cheese appetizer that was wonderful. To top it off our server was nice, charming, and unbelievably helpful. Whenever I'm back in San Jose, I'm definitely coming back.  

                The food and atmosphere is fantastic! It is listed as casual, but there were a lot of drees folks! The staff is awesome, but that may just be ours for the night, if you can ask for Abbas, he's wonderful! OMG ask for Abbas, he's been better than wonderful...He's Incredible and so very meticulous! We felt pampered and at home, drinks never dry!  We had the following:  Frito misto Ceasar salad Gnocchi gorgonzola Osso buco  I recommend ALL of it!!  

                Always a treat.  We have decided this is our go-to Italian restaurant. My hubby has a lobster pasta that was delicious.  I had the special rigatoni with filet mignon.  All I can say is whoa!  The meat was accompanied with a rich sauce with mushrooms that was amazing. Service was great!  BJ was a super server! And I almost forgot to mention the buffalo mozzarella with prosciutto, tomatoes, & basil as our appetizer. Everything was simply spot on! Bravo!  

                My guest and I went here on November 25th for her Pre-Birthday Birthday dinner. Started off with a bottle of Superfecta [from the Seabiscuit Ranch], Delicious! I think we went through two bottles. Their food was really good and very well seasoned. What I liked the most about this place is their service and ambiance.  Will be definitely returning!  

                Best restaurant in Campbell! :) I've come here so many times and it's a great experience each time. The food is great and a beautiful atmosphere!  

                I called to make reservations for a birthday party and the man I spoke with seemed like he wasn't interested  at all.  He didn't ask any questions he was very quick and hard to talk to you.  The restaurant was okay the food was ok and the service was okay.  Does not really cater to children which was a big concern for me. After all Italian restaurants should have Italian hospitality.  This restaurant did not have any hospitality at all. We won't be going back.  

                Pasta was very salty and too much sauce- had to send back- hadn't been here for a long time and now I remember why.  

                Again, great service, great food. I usually get the Insalata Di Mire, always a good choice. Thought I would change it up. I ordered the Cacciucco alla Livornese, (Ciopino) excellent!  

                Gorgonzola gnocchi. The sauce is deliciously cheesy, creamy, and rich. The gnocchi itself is soft and pillow-y. It kind of melts in your mouth in this savory way that makes you feel so satisfied. I was pretty hungry before I came here, and only managed to make it half way through my plate of gnocchi. I could have eaten the entire portion, but I knew I would seriously regret it later, especially because I was wearing a dress that was tight across the abdomen. Eating the entire plate of gnocchi would have meant a seriously bulging stomach.  The complimentary bread in the beginning was also quite good -- the rolls were soft, perfect for soaking up the olive oil and balsamic vinegar mix we made at our table.  The service was good, the restaurant was cute. A nice ambiance for a date, but would also work for family gatherings or dinner with friends. Ill be back for more gnocchi.  

                Nice place to get some italian  My wife and I went there for my birthday dinner since it was fairly late. The restaurant was mostly empty and we were promptly seated. Our waiter was very friendly and explained the specials of the day. My wife went there specifically with linguini and clam in mind while I wanted to have some seafood.   The bread they provided was good and fresh and since we were hungry, I ate quite a bit. The antipasti plate had several meat variety which all tasted good but I wished there were some more cheese and pickles.   I have to say I forgot the name of my dish but I was hoping that it came with some pasta, instead it was more like a bouillabaisse. It was pretty tasty and the portion was appropriate, if it had some pasta then it would be too much.   We were quite full and the waitress brought out a complimentary tiramisu cake. It was very moist but lacked a bit of liqueur. Overall it was a good experience and looking forward to coming back.  

                I had really hoped A Bellagio would live up to the 5-star rating I previously gave 6 years ago. I'm not sure if it's because Lorenzo wasn't there greeting us with 'bella!', or because the food wasn't as good. Or maybe it had something to do with the fact that we were not sent off dancing into the night with limoncello shots.  AMBIANCE (3 stars): ---------------------------- To start off, we were seated in the covered outdoor area -AKA- Section Rejected, which was way less picturesque than inside the restaurant itself. This was disappointing as it definitely detracted from the overall dining experience. Families with loud children, people having questionable discussions that bordered on racist remarks, and a taunting view of the way more beautiful interior were the key highlights.  FOOD (3.5 stars): ------------------------ Maybe I just didn't order the right thing. Because of my dairy allergy I tried to avoid the rich, cheesy dishes, which severely limits my options. I was craving risotto, but really wanted scallops. The server said she could add scallops to the Salmon Risotto. I was dubious about the combination, but decided to give it a try since servers often know best.   My initial gut feeling was correct. While it tasted good on the first several bites, it became overwhelming after awhile. The salmon was super fishy and there was so much of it in the risotto -- with too great a proportion -- that it overpowered my beloved scallops. The dish was rather expensive at $28 ($21 for the salmon risotto + $7 to add scallops), although $7 for three ginormous scallops is a considerably good deal.  SERVICE (4 stars): -------------------------- Consistently and friendly. Our server did a great job despite having to wait on the tables in Section Rejected.  OVERALL: 3.5 stars. Sadly, this place is now just average. There are many good Italian places out there with more reasonable prices.  DATE TIP: Insist on sitting inside, where it's much more romantic. And those limoncello shots are sure to make your date happy!  

                Came by for dinner the other night. From the outside, the restaurant decor seems minimal. The interior at first glance looks good. Upon closer examination, it appears that all of the interior decor is merely a facade...  Service throughout the meal was very good. Our server was enthusiastic and empathetic.  Food:  - Scallop Appetizer Special  - 4 Huge Scallops were okay, came out lukewarm  - Sauce on the side was lackluster.  - Rack of Lamb  - Barely passing in my book.  - Medium Rare came out Medium  - Rather bland   - Tiramisu  - Mediocre at best  - Wasn't super fresh, still decent.  Evvia in Palo Alto sets the gold standard for Lamb Chops.  At ~$45/head after tax and tip, definitely over-priced for mediocre Italian food.  

                went on a Sunday night after dinner hour. the service was great. We had "Angel' as our waitress and she was very tentative, informative and pleasant! the risotto I had was al dente to my taste and the veal my boyfriend has was just as good. very pleasant experience and will definitely return.  

                Love Campbell Downtown & restaurant too......Good food,lovely ambiance,nice music & perfect service all you get in this place!!!! Our server was good & friendly she only told about what to order as we are vegetarian.(I did not remember her name exactly) At last they present a surprise dessert as that day was my husband's birthday & initially they have asked "Is there any special occasion today?" That dessert was too yummy....i would suggest this place to go if you are looking to spend a good time with your better half  :)  

                So this is my cousin and I's favorite date spot when we crave for some Italian.   We love the outdoor seating, and absolutely adore the fact there's even a bonfire pit outside to up the romantic level.  However this place gets hustlin and bustlin during weekend nights, so make a reservation in advance to avoid the last minute hour wait @ the bar.  There's also an indoor patio type room too if you can't make up your mind on whether or not you want to sit inside or out.  I'm in love with their sea bass. It is absolutely light and delicious, especially on the bed of buttery creamy mash. Just too good to be true. The crab cakes(3 patties) here were not dry like many other places, so they edible but were not that special. Being a lover if carbs, the complementary dinner rolls were so fragrant! It's obvious that the bread was baked with herbs (rosemary and thyme). Careful not to load up on these like I did!  Good service & great place for a romantic date, or just dinner with a bunch of family & friends.  

                We decided to go to A Bellagio as we were celebrating a special occasion. I was pretty excited after reading the great reviews BUT this is one of the few times yelp let me down.  The ambiance is great specially for a romantic dinner. And for me that's when all the great things come to an end  There are literally only a couple of vegetarian options. We had the Strudello di Verdure ( flaky pastry stuffed with vegetables in a Parmesan sauce) which was just ok.  Next we ordered two pasta dishes Panzarroti al Forno ( crepes stuffed with ricotta and spinach in a creamy tomato sauce) which was ok as well and the Mushroom Risotto which was disastrous. The Risotto was so bad we couldn't even bear to eat a spoonful.   All in all for us this was a huge let down.  

                Amazing service (my server's name was BJ)....Amazing food!  The Gnocchi was to DIE for!!!  I will definitely be back!  

                We're on a mission to eat at only new places (new to us at least), so gave this place a try on a Saturday night for dinner.  It was very enjoyable.  Let's start with the downside and get it out of the way... parking.  On a weekend night, like any place in Campbell, parking is such a bummer.  We found a spot across the street, and consider ourselves fortunate we weren't towed ;)  food:  we tried the burrata appetizer... yum.  everything on the plate was seasoned perfectly, which i appreciate.  hate getting unseasoned food.  for dinner, i went with the lobster special.  the bf got some chicken dish.  both were good, not amazing.  they are really light on sauce, so you barely find any.  my lobster was in a white wine caper sauce.  i found one caper, and a tiny bit of sauce.  that was a negative to me.  dessert i tried the strawberry bread pudding.  that i wouldn't order again.  VERY sweet, and way too much strawberry.  it wasn't bad, but i didn't care for it.  Service: great.  the waiter was very nice, and friendly.  he was great with suggestions and made all the specials sound wonderful (they were).  drinks:  good.  nothing amazing, but quite drinkable.  ambiance:  it's quiet, dimly lit (but not dark)... nice place.  it struck me as an older people kind of place.  we didn't see many young couples there.    all in all, we'd go again.  

                The food here is wonderful every time.  I love comfort Italian food.  I have had many different dishes here; the giant prawn prosciutto appetizer is must pre-dinner teaser. Pappardelle All'aragosta, may I have another to go, delicious.  Spaghetti Allo Scogli is my favorite on the menu.   Lots of Rutherford cab! You're good to go. Oh and a night cap outside by the fire pit.  

                My fiance and I went here for a date a few weeks ago and it was fantastic! I had the spinach and gorgonzola salad with bacon pieces, which was just fantastic and light but tasty! I also had the whole wheat pasta with cabbage and potatoes, which was laced with sage and topped with melted cheese all in the oven, so it was HOT and melty and just divine. Really, the sage made it homey and comforting, as did the potatoes and cabbage. It was done really well. Very tasty. The fiance got the mixed green salad which was dressed nicely, not too heavy, and then the spaghetti carbonara, which was soooo gooood. I mean really freaking delicious. I'm sure we'll go back!  

                I came to this place with my gf because we want to try something new. The place seems pretty nice with the decorations and the settings was romantic. The waiters/waitresses were helpful and nice. Food was great. I like how my my salmon was cooked.  Breads were kindna hard but not a problem. Beside that I would love to visit this place again.  

                I gave this place two stars because the staff was friendly and the server was very attentive and provided us with great service. That is good and everything but the food really sucked. I came for dinner with my family and the meals where about $20 a plate. Nobody I went with really liked their pasta at all. I ordered the seafood spaghetti because of its great reviews on yelp. The prawns tasted like chlorine and the calamari was really fishy. This place provided good service but I will not be returning that is for sure.  

                OLD SCHOOL ITALIAN.  After living in Campbell for 5+ years, we finally did a Friday night stop to A Bellagio after hearing some friends had a great meal here.   The service was excellent, the wine list was reasonably priced, and the food was great. I highly recommend the specials, we had the Caprese special which had this amazing Mozarella. I almost did the Sea Bass special but we were having Red  Wine so I did the Spaghetti with seafood. The Mussels were the best part by far, and had a nice light sauce.   We were too full to try desert, but the gave us free Lemoncello shots! Our waitress was super nice, and although the decor inside is a little cheesy, this place rocks.  

                Walked in the restaurant at approximately 9pm on the dot. The first person we saw was waitress jamming out and grooving to some cool tunes the restaurant was playing. That is a GOOD sign of a fun environment to work in.   Unfortunately they were just closing for the night, so we did not get to dine here, but the fantastic Manager had his dancing server personally escort us to the restaurant behind them for a nice meal! THANK YOU ANGEL....You are awesome and a complete ball of energy :)  I can't wait to come back here and actually have a meal with your service of course!  

                I wanna start off my girlfriend and I came here for our anniversary and the service was horrible even though we were not dressed fancy and came casual to dinner after coming from the spa I guess it was our fault for not coming prepared.   When we got their they automatically checked us out and tried to sit us outside where I notice most the people outside we're dressed semi casual, but they have already cleaned the tables outside so we sat inside. The waiter visited our table 3 times only 1. To take our order 2. Bring our food 3. Refill our water. After we were done with our food we were bored at the table for a good 30minutes waiting to be asked for desert but they never came to check up on us. I would say we looked like we were done eating we were playing on our phones putting the napkin back on the table should be a clear sign we were done eating.   I had to ask for the check because obviously they were ignoring us and when I asked for the check is when they tried offering me dessert when I was about to leave. For a fancier type restaurant you would think they would be more attentive of taking away dirty plates and checking to see  if you needed anything else   I was a pretty mad because it was our 1 year anniversary and we wanted to go all out to celebrate but felt like we didn't even celebrate it.   I gave it 2 stars for The food being good but not for the price and the service we were receiving. If I'm expected to pay a $30 dish I'm expecting at least good service to go with it.  

                Short summary: Service is good, food is decent, but they may not have what you want. :/  + Staff is attentive. Always had water and our waitress checked up on us. + Free bread is good (tasty, small portions, free refills + Covered outdoor sitting area is nice, especially if you like the patio feel without the blazing hot sun feel.  - I ordered their Fettuccine Verdi Bolognese, which is on their regular menu. DID NOT HAVE THE FRESH SPINACH PASTA. :/ Our waitress informed me and gave me a substitute option. Not bad bad, but disappointing. - Dessert was really sweet (ordered the profiteroles). Wasn't for me, but if you like really sweet desserts, you might like this one.  Conclusion: Try it, but maybe ask for a recommendation from the wait staff.  

                I'm Really surprised by the 4- and 5-star reviews. Our experience was solidly underwhelming and just not that good.   Food: 3 stars.  Portions were generous, and they were plated well. Otherwise, completely average.  - The Fettucine Verdi Bolognese was done competently, but the bolognese was like meat sauce without the sauce. Sorry, but I've had better bolognese from a hotel buffet.  - The Bucatini Bellagio is basically a spaghetti carbonara disguised with bucatini noodles and parma ham. Noodles were cooked well, but I've had better carbonara elsewhere.   Service. 1 star. And that's being generous. Oh, where to even begin. The context: Dinner, Saturday night, 9 pm. The place was only 30-40% full. - Water glasses weren't refilled. Service 101. Our server (Angel?) would disappear for chunks of time and was nowhere to be found. She must have thought we were camels. - Angel(?) didn't check on us *once* after taking our order. Again with the disappearing act. - And how to put this. She was a bit ... odd. When she did grace us with an appearance, she addressed us in this artificial and mildly condescending tone ... a.k.a. the I'm-just-doing-my-job-and-I-don't-care-what-you-­order-and-hey-I-don't-even-like-Italian-food-­anyway tone. - We still left a 15% pity tip. In hindsight, we're idiots.   I actually felt resentful after my meal. Would have been better off grabbing some spaghetti from Whole Foods. Or even In-N-Out burger. Anything else please.  

                A cozy place for even a big group  or company dinner, but pretty pricey food.   My firm had an all-hands meeting here one Tuesday night and were put in a sectioned off area of the restaurant. They were even able to fit a projector!  The service was fantastic, but I thought the food was just ok for the price point. The salami platter and spaghetti were my favorites. I know the gnocchi is a popular item here among reviewers, but I thought it was just mediocre - maybe I am not a gnocchi person?  I would not pay my own money to come here...but if you are in the Campbell area and looking for a quiet and accommodating place to hold a big group dinner, then this is pretty decent.  

                What can I say but fabulous . From beginning to end. Angel was outstanding . And my osso bucco great  

                I had the Pizzoccheri della Valtellina, which is "whole wheat pasta, cabbage, potato in a parmesan cheese and sage sauce." What I got was whole wheat burnt pasta (5-10 noodles at best) that were super crispy, and burnt cheese.  because there was barely any pasta, it was basically eating a plate of melted cheese. Any of the pasta I could find was burnt and barely edible. I didn't want to bring this up or send it back at dinner because I was celebrating a friend's birthday. I am hesitant to come back and hope their other dishes are better.  

                Been here 3 times and it's been a pleasant experience every single time.  The pasta is cooked al dente. I've ordered pastas  on all of my visits and have enjoyed it.  The staff  is friendly. My friend and I decided to try the canolis and both agreed that it was beyond!!  No regrets on the calories. The filling was perfect, not too sweet.  I would definitely go back again!  

                I expected a much better experience from the reviews I read about this place, but I was pretty disappointed. The food I got was way too salty, I didn't even eat that much of it and when I tried to give some to my boyfriend he didn't like it either. It's way too over priced for the food quality. The only reason I'm not giving it two stars is because we had a good waitress.   I'm never coming back. Waste of money and stomach space.  

                My boyfriend and I came here for his birthday celebration and I'm pleased to say that it was an absolutely incredible experience! I made a reservation on Yelp (via Open Table) & it was super easy. The restaurant has both outdoor (an adorable patio) & indoor seating. The indoor is very rustic with brick and wood interior. They seated us right away and served us warm, delicious bread with oil & vinegar. The waiter made sure to tell us all about the specials right away and did such a good job of selling them that we tried one appetizer. It was a capese salad but not tossed so the cheese and tomatoes and basil were all plated alongside one another beautifully and then you cut them up and ate them all together. Our table had a slight wobble to it so by the time we has ordered the waiter had been sure to fix the table without us even asking! I ordered the Gorgonzola gnocchi and it was to die for!!! The gnocchi were so fresh and delicious and the Gorgonzola sauce was incredible. My boyfriend ordered the steak and it came with cooked spinach and was plated with thinly sliced baked potato chips. He said it was incredible as well! I had put into the reservation that it was my boyfriend's birthday and the waiter already knew without me reminding him. He had us both order desert and brought them out with candles and we sang happy birthday. We ordered the tiramisu and the cheesecake and bother were divine. I would highly recommend this restaurant for a special occasion because they take care of special events with an elegant flair. It's also wonderful for a cozy, elegant night out!  

                I specifically chose this place for our GNO because I realized we never ate Italian food when we go out. Funny how my girlfriends always order pasta and seafood dishes so I thought it would be a good choice to actually take them to a real authentic Italian restaurant.   I made reservation during peak hour but we were able to get a table. I was late, but thanks to my girlfriends for always being on time. Bellagio has an intimate and romantic feel to their restaurant. Very dimmed light and noise level was below average which made our dinner more intimate.  We ordered many entrees such as gnocchi gorgonzola, stuffed crab ravioli, their special sea bass,  and seafood pasta. All were tasty and filling. I wish I could add chicken or some type of meat to my gnocchi, but they would not let me. I do not see why they cannot charge for adding something extra on the plate. That kind of made me grumpy because I want my PROTEIN!   Our waiter was friendly and very talkative. He tried to start conversation with us but it was a little awkward since we were talking among each other. At least he made an effort trying to talk to us. Overall, I am glad we had dinner here. It was wonderful and the service was great!  

                I guess any Italian place is bound to be pricey, but I just wasn't too blown away by this place.   My sister, for some reason I cannot fathom, really wanted Italian food on her birthday ... and we were in this area, so I figured Yelp to the rescue. I found A Bellagio, was excited that they took Opentable reservations and made our way here through downtown Campbell.  There is a huge parking lot in the back, but even so parking on a Saturday night is difficult since this place is right next to a bar called THE SPOT which impacts parking quite a bit. The entrance is on the back, and is somewhat dimly lit. The whole restaurant was pretty much dimly lit. It just made me feel ... sleepy.  Their dishes range from $15-$30 which I guess is reasonable for Italian, but again I don't understand why a plate of just noodles and sauce (meat sauce maybe ...) costs upwards of $19 .... unless they handmade the noodles ... which I doubt ...  Regardless, the food was good, the portions were OK considering the pricey dishes (not too small but definitely not big by any means, they really could use on portioning for their chicken especially) and the flavors were ok.  Overall meh. I wouldn't come back.  

                Ate here for the first time last night, and I have to say that it was very good.  I had a glass of the house chianti and the Spaghetti Allo Scoglio.  It had mussels, clams, prawns, and calamari mixed in with a perfect, slightly al dente spaghetti and light marinara sauce.  I ate every bit of it and even sopped up the sauce with the excellent bread rolls that came with the meal.  The ambiance is very nice, dimly lit and romantic.  Seems like it would be an excellent place to take a date or have a romantic dinner for two.  It's quiet, subdued, and the service was excellent from start to finish.  I will be back, as there were more than a few other things I want to try from their menu.  AAA+++  

                I have visited Bellagio twice; both the visits were on my friends' birthdays. The food was great - as we tried daily specials - from salads to Pastas. And at the end of the dinner, they brought us free cake (with a candle) and sang birthday song as if they were just a part of the celebration. My review is not based on the friendliness of the staff alone but also on the quality of food & taste. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to have Italian food with some special touch OR to celebrate an occasion.  

                An upper class restaurant in the heart of downtown Campbell.  It was a little dead when we came in (12pm on Thursday), but it filled up by the end of our meal (around 1:30pm)...  The food was good and the staff extremely friendly and attentive.    Parking was a bit of an issue, which surprised the waitstaff as there's a 2 story garage 50 meters away...but it was full also.  It is close to the Lightrail, however, if you want to arrive that way...  

                Good flavor overall. Pastas are a little too al dente for my taste.  

                Yum yum yum! I came here the other week with some friends for a girls dinner out and had the best experience. My food was absolutely delicious and the service was great. The waitress actually helped me to customize my order (gnocchi) which is very rare and typically unwelcomed now a days. I honestly cannot wait to go back and have another dish of "potato pillows from heaven." Definitely get the gnocchi ;)  

                What a pleasant surprise. I last visited here maaaaany moons ago when it was called Giuseppe's.  Just how I remembered it looking, super cute, small and cozy.  One downside at the beginning when you walk in, a young waiter asks right off the bat if you have a reservation. It was 5:30 on a Wednesday night and the place was empty. I just found it rude.  We said no and he handed us off to the main guy for a table.  Didn't seem necessary for him to even ask when he just hands us over to someone else, but it was definitely weird and off putting for a first impression.  We had a great waitress who explained some specials and what might sound good.  My mom and I bother ordered a small salad pre-meal, BUT what I hate about restaurants is they charge a ridiculous price for a basic side salad. I could have looked back at the menu, but she asked us after we ordered if we want a salad... an $8.50 "side salad".  Don't get me wrong, I tried the spinach salad and it was absolutely delicious. I just question the pricing and the thought that it might even be considered a side.   For the main meal, I tried the gnocchi gorgonzola and it was divine. Cooked just right and enough to have for a meal the next day.  Service was great up until we were completed eating. Our waitress walked by us 4-5 times and never asked us if we wanted dessert, the bill, or boxes.  I finally had to stop her after waiting about 10-15 minutes.  Overall, everything was great. Great atmosphere minus the weird introduction in the beginning.   Parking:  they have a lot, but it's like everything else in Campbell, it's a public lot. Don't be deterred because of the full lot. The parking lot was full when we arrived, but the restaurant was empty. Park across the street in front of Khartoum's or in the parking garage behind the water tower. Easy walk and parking to the restaurant.  

                Great steamed clams loved the spinach salad. Tiramiu is good but needs more booze for my taste.  The portions are generous and I had to bring some of my veal piccata home.  While the food is great and consistent the service is even more so.  I plan to return soon.  

                First time here and I cannot wait to go back. Great ambience with amazing food.  Our server was very nice and extremely knowledgeable of everything on the menu, he made our experience that much better. Only downside is parking but it's well worth it.  

                Not a great. Went here checking other reviews. Disappointed. Good service. Below average good, high prices.   Stay away from penne pasta and prosciutto at this place.  

                Came here with my boyfriend for our joint birthday celebration - we wanted to have a romantic, fancy dinner and boy did we get it! I loved the ambiance here - it feels like you're in a fancy Tuscan villa dining room. It was quiet on a Sunday night, and we weren't bothered by the fact that The Spot shares the same parking lot, but again, maybe because it was a Sunday night. A Bellagio's food was off the charts amazing, rich and flavorful but not greasy at all. We got the prawns wrapped in prosciutto (the sauce was so good we dipped our bread in it!), the calamari appetizer (not greasy unlike some reviews I saw, maybe they changed the way they make it.. and we got an extra bowl of marinara to dip into, which was better than the sauce it came with). For entrees we got two specials: the bass dish and the pasta with filet mignon. We asked them to split them both so each of us had half of the pasta and half of the bass on our plate. I must say, it was my bf's genius idea. We also got a $27 bottle of wine, and the total for the bill was only $116!! Since it was our birthday we got a free tiramisu with 2 candles and singing. Our server was so sweet, and attentive. She paid attention! The outdoor seating patio looked beautiful as well. Overall, this was an AMAZING experience and I'm glad we came here. I would not hesitate to recommend this for a special occasion, but might suggest going during off bar hours, like on a Sun or before 8pm on Fri and Sat. I love that there are like 2 dining rooms that make each section feel small. Also, the little bar area is secluded and didn't change our ambiance at all.. it has a TV that didn't have any sound, thank goodness, but once in a while we could get up and go see the score for the 49ers game that was on. :) Thanks A Bellagio! We needed a perfect date night, and we GOT IT!  

                Amazing pasta. Everything is delicious here. Nice ambiance, by far one of the best restaurants in downtown Campbell. They have a wide variety on their menu, everything I've had is delicious.  

                So I've never really had many great Valentine's Days... It's not that I've never had boyfriends or anything. They were just either not into celebrating or I just happened to not have a boyfriend at the time. Well, this past Valentine's Day, I did have a boyfriend and he gave me the best Valentine's Day I've ever had!   I had work in Santa Cruz until 7:30pm and so our reservation wasn't until 8:30pm. We arrived a few minutes earlier than our reservation time so we had to wait. I understand, it's Valentine's Day. People were probably enjoying themselves and didn't leave on time so it's fine. To my surprise, they handed us some glasses of complimentary champagne while we were waiting. Thank you!   After we got seated, I only had to choose what entree I wanted. There was a prix fixe menu for Valentine's Day where you basically get to try EVERYTHING! You get three appetizers to share with your date, three kinds of pastas each, your own entree of your choice, and three desserts to share. I loved it all! No lie.   If you're trying to impress your significant other (and you can afford it), bring them here. You'll definitely have a romantic evening you'll remember!  PS for Valentine's Day, the ladies get a free rose as a part of the meal. Mine broke almost instantly but it was a nice gesture anyway.  

                I visited this restaurant twice so far. The food is fresh and tasty. The Service is very good and the servers are courteous. I liked their lamb chops, thought the portions very a bit on the "small" side for the prices they charge.  Good place to entertain friends and family. The wine selection was decent.   Will visit again.  

                Just had dinner here with a party of ten. Excellent service and the food, incredible! I had a spinach salad and the veal (I'm not going to attempt the Italian), so delicious! I definitely recommend it for groups or date night. Everyone agreed the food was amazing and the two people in our group who had cocktails enjoyed them. 5 Stars! Will definitely be back  

                Let me start by saying I hadn't been to this location since I think the Restaurant was called Giuseppe's many years ago and have driven by a million times.  I am now kicking myself for not stopping in earlier!  I have now been there twice in the last two weeks and am very glad the first time wasn't a fluke!  First of all, Darla and what i assume is one of the other managers make you feel very welcome when you walk in and pretty much let YOU choose where you want to sit if it's not too crowded.  They have many options from inside to covered outside to actual outside so take your pick.    Let's get down to the food....We had the calamari, zucchini, prawn appetizer, which was nice as you get all 3.  It was frito Misto (fried) of course but it was a very light batter so not only did it taste light, it didn't kill your appetite!    I had the lamb chops the last time and they were excellent so i had to have them again to see if they were consistent and let me tell you, this is an Italian restaurant that has Lamb chops better than the greek or meditteranean places out there (Dio Deka, Thea, and even Evvia in Palo Alto!!  Oh, and they are around $15 less and you get the same amount or even slightly more!  It came with (the others have no come withs, meaning they are a la carte) some pollenta and broccolini that were both excellent.  My friend had a special for the night which was a Risotto with salmon, prawns, and scallops in a very light cream sauce.  Wow, another excellent dish and again, a large serving that could not be finished.  No dessert last night but the first time i went, i had the profiteroles and they were unbelievable!  Good wine and drinks too!  Football is about to start but let me just say, get yourself over to A. Bellagio in Campbell (located around the right side outside of downtown) and enjoy, you WILL NOT be disappointed!  

                I'm surprised that the other reviewers say that A Bellagio is quiet.  We were tucked in a corner by the pretend fireplace and it was really loud.  I can only think that it's because we had a partial enclosure above us but it so loud at times, we couldn't have a conversation because we couldn't hear one another sitting right across from each other. We started with the carpacio.  It was good.  The super thin beef was cool and tender.  There could've been a tad more parmesan cheese and I would've liked some fresh cracked pepper but it was ok.  My partner got the Carbonara.  The pancetta was very overpowering to where that's all you could taste - a very smokey pancetta.  Once she had a bite of mine, we shared my dish.  I got a special of fettucine with crab meat and peas in a cream sauce.  We both really enjoyed it.  In fact, we cleaned the plate.  For dessert, my partner got the chocolate mousse which was not what we were expecting.  We figured smooth and creamy almost pudding-like dessert but it was more like a chocolate flourless cake.  It was incredible.  It was so light and airy that it melted as soon as it was eaten.  We both loved it.  My dessert was a strawberry bread pudding.  I don't normally do bread pudding but it sounded different.  It wasn't.  Doughy, warm chunks of break and a few pieces of strawberries.  Between the two of us, we had one good dinner.  Overall, the meal was ok.  

                Delicious food and attentive service.  The Pollo Porcini is very tasty and they have gluten free risotto porcini as well. Waitress recommended Frogs Leap Zin  and chocolate mousse for dessert is a must!! We will be back!!!  

                My hubby was in the mood for seafood pasta, so after spending an hour on Yelp, I chose this restaurant. We ordered the Spaghetti Allo Scoglio and a Creme Brûlée to go, and when I got home the entree was piping hot while the Creme Brûlée was nice and chilly. They quoted me 15 minutes for the order to be ready, and it was just being brought to the bar as I walked in the door. I always appreciate when someone can accurately gauge how long the order will take. Cold food is awful!  Their food, however, was wonderful. The seafood was cooked to perfection, and the pasta was al dente. The bread was warm and tasted of rosemary. The Creme Brûlée was light and sweet--all in all, I can't wait to dine in at this restaurant.   I was taken care of by Mike at the bar, and he was polite, social, and well kept. His uniform was crisp, and hair styled nicely. I hate going out and seeing employees who do not care about their appearance. Anyway, I'm rambling.   Try this place, you won't regret it!  

                Solidly not bad, but didn't go above and beyond in the categories of flavor and preparation. We dined on gnocchi which was house made, but slightly under seasoned in a gorgonzola cream sauce, and could have spent another minute in the hot water. I had one end cut piece that still had flour clinging to it as if I ate the piece right off the cutting board. The Chilean Sea Bass was under cooked as well, and somewhat odd in texture and flavor, never had Sea Bass that was sweet like a scallop? Lamb Shank was tender but a little under seasoned. Best dish of the night was the prosciutto wrapped shrimp in a lemon and dijon sauce. Well prepared and delicious, we ordered another portion! The service was very professional and all of the staff were very warm. Would recommend for large groups and ambiance but wouldn't go back for the food alone...  

                This is my go-to Italian restaurant for lunch. Plates and specials are a little pricey, but very good. Paninis come with a side salad and are a very good deal.  

                I'm conflicted. Very, very conflicted.  I took my aunt and uncle from out of town to A Bellagio for the first time on Saturday night. I was able to make a last minute reservation for 6 which I wasn't able to do elsewhere.   We were running late so we arrived around 15 minutes after our reservation time but the host seated us promptly without any rudeness or attitude.   My first impression was that A Bellagio is a classy place. Mostly older people/parties but there were also several young couples with children.   By the time we arrived, my party and I were all starving and were ready to get our Italian on. So we sat. We perused the menu. We decided on what we all wanted. We waited. Our drink orders were taken (side note: my ID was not checked and I turned 21 but three months ago...). We waited. We talked. Our drinks were brought out. We waited. Our tummies rumbled. Finally, after 10 minutes or so, our waitress reappeared to take our food orders.  We sipped our wine, talked, waited, waited and waited. You see where I'm going here.   We waited another 23 minutes for our food...well, MOST of our food. My food arrived quite a bit later than the rest of my party. Our waitress did check in after she noticed my food hadn't come out yet to let me know that she hadn't forgotten about me but that there was a back-up in the kitchen. I appreciated that.   Once my food arrived and we began to eat, it became apparent that I was one of the only people in my party who was enjoying their meal.   Heres the breakdown:  Me: Panzarroti al Forno ($19.95): Very good. Rolled up crepes filled with ricotta and spinach.  BF&Mom: Gnocchi Gorgonzola ($18.95): Not so good. According to both, the sauce was too sweet but gnocchi had good texture.  Aunt: Risotto del Lago ($21.00): Okay. Wouldn't write home about it but it wasn't unpleasant. Uncle: Penne al Salmone ($18.50): Not so good. Sauce was very smokey but didn't seem to be coming from the salmon.   Like the food, the rest of our experience was sub-par. We spent a great deal of time waiting for our waitress to: take our order, bring our food, clear our plates, bring the check, pick up the check, etc.   A Bellagio is a nice place and I hope our issues with the waitress were flukes but I would definitely be willing to go again.   Solid 3 stars.  

                Bellagio is a wonderful old school Italian joint. Absolutely loved the burrata appetizer. My Gorgonzola gnocchi was incredible. Hands down the creamiest I have ever eaten. The service was really strong and our waiter was always at our table at the right moments. Certainly not your super fancy upscale place it does have an air of formality. Really great place if you are craving Italian done in a traditional manner with healthy servings.  

                Excellent food, ambiance and service. Perfect for a date with your honey or someone you want to impress.  

                Granted, this restaurant has some highlights.  They had a special appetizer of Caprese salad with buffalo cheese which was like nothing I had ever tasted before. The Affogato dessert was incredibly tasty.  The service was also good. However, the main courses were totally unimpressive and expensive compared to the quality.  I feel like I can do better on my own at home.  I definitely don't think it's worth the money.  

                A beautiful restaurant right in the heart of downtown Campbell.  A warm and inviting interior offers a quiet respite from a hectic day.  Our party of 5 was quickly seated for lunch and was treated to first class service by the wait staff.    We started the meal with warm rosemary bread which was fantastic. I chose the spaghetti bolognese and was very happy with both the flavor and the portion size.  Other dishes tried were the panino al prosciutto, ravioli, minestrone soup, and the spaghetti allo scoglio.  All of our dishes were artfully presented and delicious.  No time to check out the extensive wine list, but will definitely do so next time.  Ben fatto' to the staff here at A Bellagio!  

                3.5 stars if you order the right thing - but not a 4-star restaurant.  It aspires to 4 stars, but cannot deliver in food quality or service.  Not bad at all, you can have a good meal, with a reasonable selection.  The menu items lack the more sophisticated flavor, presentation, and ingredients you would expect from a better restaurant.  Did not factor it into the rating (perhaps I should have), but we found a bug in the water, and waitress did not even apologize for it.  Acted as if she would have been more surprised if we hadn't found it - looked at the ceiling as if to imply they fell into the water all the time.  

                Friendly service with good foods.   The staff here are all uniformed, and they are nice and attentive.  The restaurant atmosphere is also quite romantic and upscale.  Overall, this is a nice date spot for first date, casual date night, or just dinner with close friend of opposite sex.  While most of the foods here are hardly unique, they are still delicious and  very well made.  

                Great Italian restaurant in downtown Campbell. Their bucatini Bellagio is a must try since not too many restaurants have this on their menu.  

                I was there last night with a large group of people. I was looking for a children's high hair and found myself looking in the kitchen. To my surprise, the staff were cooking and smoking at same time. I could not believe what I saw. I decided to stay calm and did not say anything to the table. I made the mistake to order spaghetti alla Scoglio with seafood for $23.95. I have been sick since then and needed to seek medical help. The fish must have gone bad resulting in a severe case of food poisoning. My wife urged me to let it go instead of calling the county health department. Not sure if I will!???Do not take the risk by dining there. Stay away....  

                Probably one of my favorite places to get Italian.  Their prices are not bad and the food is excellent with just the right amount of sauce in their pastas with the noodles perfectly cooked.  I generally get the Bucatini Bellagio and it's always been wonderful as is their Carpaccio.  The service is also very friendly almost to the point of being fake but that's pretty minor.  Also in my opinion their cocktails could be better.  Otherwise, strictly for the food, A Bellagio is a solid hit and I'll likely be back many more times.  

                I was not impressed with the food. Doesn't mean it will not be good for you. Please try for yourself. The area around the restaurant is great for a night walk if you have time.  

                Good was really good and the service too didn't love the atmosphere but cant complain about the food. I got a lobster pasta and it was Delicious  

                I was looking for an Italian restaurant in the area.  Will continue to look.  Service:   * When we arrived, the host was no where to be found (not that the restaurant was very busy).  We were seated and apparently the host did not check me into my Open Table reservation.  BOO.   * Our waitress was fine.  Pleasant and friendly.  Checked up on us when necessary.   * The bus boy, wth?!?!  Instead of first picking up our utensils and then picking up the plates, on 2 occasions, he would pick up our plates and shimmying the utensils off the plate and onto the table.  Once he didn't even bother to pick up the fork after!  Our glasses were always empty and we had to wave him down for water.  Food: Everything was over salted.  Also, the pasta in both of our dishes was undercooked.   *Fritto Misto all'Italiana - the calamari was very tender, but nothing spectacular about this dish.  They really shouldn't bother to include the fried zucchini which was overcooked and burnt little strings. *Penne alla Salsiccia - extremely simple.  I could have made this at home myself easily.  Not impressed. *Bucatini Bellagio - probably my favorite dish of the night but that's not saying much.  Overall, you would think that for ~$20 a dish, you would get better service and definitely better food.  I don't think I'll be coming back.  

                Intimate interior; great for a date night. Service was friendly and fast. Our appetizers came out within 10 mins of the order being placed and main dishes came out about 5 minutes after the appertizer dishes were cleared. Gf and I were impressed!  Need to come here a couple of more times to try out other dishes on their menu; everything we tried on this particular night had great flavor.  Definitely coming back!  

                Nice ambiance, ordered penne. The pasta was under cooked. That sauce was delicious. I wish they cooked the pasta a little longer.  

                This is the second time we been here and the food is still amazing. However the servers this time were extremely rude. I ordered one glass of wine and I showed proper ID, my girlfriend didn't order anything and she took a few sips of mine. Right away the manager came and asked for her id and said she could not drink any. It was very embarrassing. I can understand the law however 2 sips of wine is not illegal. Dinner was kind of ruined for us after that, I would not go back.  

                What a train wreck. We went for Valentine's Day. They had a set menu for $75 per person, which is high, so I thought I am expecting to be impressed by this culinary cuisine.  We were ripped off. What a mess. The reservation was for 9:45, and we got there an hour early. We had some wine at the small bar. The bartender was really nice...calls everyone "boss."  We got seated at 9:30 and were excited to get in a few minutes early. We sat down and ordered from the set menu. For vegetarians there weren't a lot of options, but we were OK with that.  Started off some weird mushroom pastries which tasted gross. Not sure why restaurants think mushrooms are a crowd pleasure. They have an acquired taste. The spinach salad was fine with fruit.  Then on to the "spinach" gnocchi. Usually on a regular night they offer potato gnocchi according to their menu. This was the reason why I chose this restaurant. The spinach gnocchi at Casanova in Carmel-by-the-Sea is the best, and thought it might be similar. Wrong. First they brought all this meat out and we told them at the beginning we were vegetarian. 30 minutes later, when it finally came, it was chewy and floury. I think they ran out because it tasted like potatoes with spinach garnish on top.  We waited for our next course, which was lasagna, for 45 minutes. It never came until I told the poor waitress that we were done at this point and asked for the bill.  I felt bad for the waitress. Valentine's Day must be a nightmare at fancy restaurants. The host/I think manager, was a little odd and all the wait staff were arguing about issues in the back. They ended up charging us $75 each ($150+tax, tip, drinks) and gave us a $75 gift card to come again. It was a whole lot of money for nothing. We walked out and we thought...we are never coming back here again. So I went back in to cash in my gift card.  What a mess...embarrassing to say the least. Like the bartender...the waitress was nice...vegetarian food not so much.  

                They have the best pasta carbonara I've ever had! Very authentic and pasta is cooked perfectly! Their lobster paperdelle is one of our favorites too. We always recommend our family and friends their for authentic Italian pasta.  

                It wasn't very busy on a Thursday night -- a little off the Campbell beaten path, and a little pricey. But, the service was excellent, and dining on the enclosed patio was just lovely -- intimate and romantic.  We split the Caprese appetizer, which was scrumptious -- huge slices of fresh mozzarella, fresh basil, wonderful tomato slices, and just the right amount of olive oil. Our waiter recommended the Picket Fence Pinot which was very good. For the entree, I had the Penne al Salmone -- a huge serving, but quite good with lots of smoked salmon. My dinner date had the Penne alla Salsiccia. He liked the pasta but didn't care for the sausage. By the end of the meal, we were too full for coffee or dessert.  I'd definitely return. :-)  

                4 stars because we would probably come back again to try other items on the menu. We started off with the caprese for an appetizer - the ingredients were fresh which is really the key to having a good caprese. I ordered the Panzarroti al Forno and my husband ordered the gnocchi. The salt on my dish was a bit too salty for our personal taste preference. But my husband liked it better than his gnocchi because the gorgonzola cheese was a bit too strong for him. I personally think the gnocchi was cooked to the perfect texture (perhaps the strong taste of the cheese could be balanced out with some more vegetables added into the sauce?) But he certainly LOVED the chocolate mousse we had for dessert so my guess is that he wants to go back to have that again and order a different dish for the main course.  

                For a local anniversary dinner or special occasion....have Pino the  owner set you up with a traditional Italian or specialty meal! :).I have and will again.....atmosphere is really great high end in Campbell!  

                We had really high expectations after reading the reviews so maybe that was unfair. We order the specials for the night and wasn't too wow'd. Sea Bass was good but not great and the prime rib was tough (med-rare). Presentation could use some improvement and the side dishes were yummy. Why I gave it 4 stars is the gnocchi was freaking amazing (like little pillows). Also the canolli & coffee was delicious and Angel, our server along with the rest of the team was on point with service. I will definitely be back to try the risotto, per Angel's recommendation.  Quick update: my Hubby ate my leftover prime rib the next day and he really enjoyed it. Glad he did, being a meat eater I probably won't order that special again with so many other dishes to try.  

                We wanted to go have a good dinner on Friday night to celebrate our special event last minutes. I found Bellagio on Yelp, called and they took my reservation. Bellagio locates in downtown Campbell.   When I stepped inside the restaurant, I liked it right away. The outdoor tables looked nice with lights hanging and flowers with a lil fountain against the wall. I stepped inside to check out before I decided where to sit. The inside looked more classy and romantic. The room was kinda dark, but each table was lighted up with a candle next to a small vase of flowers.  They have medium size of wine glass storage standing behind the stand where guests are greeted.   Last but most important is the food. We had clams for appetizer. It was kind of salty for me.  The sauce was very good, but if only it were less salty it would be perfect.. Our main courses were Penne alla Salsiccia (Penne with Italian sausage, mushroom, truffle oil, sun dried tomatoes in a white wine sauce.) It was a lil bit dry, but tasted awesome. The other entree we had is Spaghetti allo Scoglio. It was like seafood pasta sauteed in olive oil garlic white wine marinara sauce. It was absolutely delicious. Lots of seafood: mussles, prawns, clams, calamari.  Portion is good. Price is the very good. I think it's pretty awesome because it is under $20 per main course. For such a nice, romantic restaurant, that price is pretty awesome. If you go for steaks, the prices are a bit higher, but to me it is reasonable..  Bottom line is that I will definitely come back!!!  

                Came here with the Hubs for date night since I had a serious craving for carbs! Pricing is very reasonable ($100 after tip for 2 appetizers, 2 main entrees, 3 glasses of wine and dessert!) and the ambiance is great! We opted to sit outside next to their individual fire places (such a romantic setup) only problem is that it's located next to their front entrance so we had people staring at us as they went in (NOT romantic at all). Must try the Strudelino for appetizer, not a typical dish you can find at most italian restaurants but so delicious!  

                This is a lovely classy restaurant. Intimate and nice decor. Food was great- Tiramisu is delish! Service was really good, for a Friday night. Our waitress was really knowledgable and made some great recommendations! Decent wine list too.  

                Expensive food Okay taste Okay environment/atmosphere Worth trying once.  

                A Bellagio is one of the most romantic and intimate restaurants I've been to. The set up is simple but I really like the wall trimmings and table settings -- charmed elegance!  They have a pretty extensive menu and on top of that, daily specials. The waiter was actually pretty condescending when telling us about them. Both: "Do you follow me?" and "Does this make sense to you?" made their ways into his speech. Sigh.   Aside from the bad first impression, the waiter warmed up to us a little after we ordered. I still saw him try harder with the couple sitting at a table near by, but those guests seemed like regulars who were ordering several courses. I also have to admit that my +1 and I may have not been giving him much to work with since we were engaged in conversation most of the time.   The food was superb. We had the Gamberoni al Prosciutto appetizer and the tiger prawns were plump and juicy. The prosciutto was thick but still crispy. I'd order this again. Same applies for the Spaghetti Carbonara. I loved this dish and wished I had ordered my own, rather than having to steal bites from my +1. My Saltimbocca alla Romana was a one-time thing. The veal cutlets were flavorless and tough. The ham and cheese topping was thick and hard, but did add much needed flavor to the dish. The demi-glace was okay.   I wouldn't hesitate coming back for the lovely ambiance, delicious food (if you order the right thing!), and fairly cheap prices. A Bellagio is a must for all the lovers out there... unless you are my ex boyfriend and his new girlfriend :D  

                A perfect, romantic place to celebrate a wedding anniversary. The staff greeting was warm, with what you'd expect from an Italian restaurant. If you want to be greeted by the most sophisticated manager and Italian gentleman, such a restaurant could ever hope to have, say hi to Luigi. The waitress was a pretty, Italian brunette who checked on us the perfect amount of times to ensure the quality service. The prices where fair, compared to other Italian restaurants of the same, romantic category. I'm a fan of the gnocchi, which is hard to find. I loved it and my wife loved her sea bass, which was delicious! Great find to celebrate with my sweet heart!  

                The pasta dish I had was just okay, but their service was great. My coworkers liked their dishes though. Made christmas reservations in December 2013 for 11 but only 7 people came. Automatic gratuity for party of 8 or more and since reservations was for 11, it was automatically included in our bill. The waiter was nice enough to reverse that charge and on top of that we were 1 hour late of our reservation! Servers were very attentive.  

                Excellent food and service. Sea bass was out of the world. Tartufo was also awesome.  

                Intimate setting, great customer service! The Italian dishes are so full of flavor and feels homemade, unlike your typical Italian chains. Don't be afraid to try any dish here! I also tried a shot of "grapa" (however you spell that) at the end of the meal, similar to a port but clear and taste so much better (not a fan of brandy).  

                This little cute restaurant is one of my new favorite places.  They provide, great food, amazing customer service with continuos follow ups, and an accessible private parking in the city of Campbell.   I highly recommend this place for a romantic dinner with your significant other or simply with a group of friends.  

                I am conflicted here.  I wanted to write a good review because the place came highly recommended by a friend and the chef did so many good things with my dish.  In the end, however, issues with the food led me to walk away massively disappointed.  We went for lunch. I had Risotto del Lago (risotto with salmon and fresh vegetables in a white wine-lemon sauce) and my wife had Pollo ai Carciofi (chicken breast with fresh tomatoes and artichokes in a white wine sauce).  My dish was cooked perfectly, with the salmon moist and flaky, the vegetables bright and crisp and the risotto creamy and with a perfect texture.  Imagine my surprise when I put the food in my mouth and all I could taste was SALT!  It didn't just dominate - it massively overpowered!!!  My wife had the same problem with the salt, but she also said that the fresh tomatos were mushy and the chicken was pounded paper thin and cooked until you could use it as a paving stone.  To add insult to injury, we ordered iced tea for our beverages. When it came it was instant and had that odd aftertaste endemic to most cheap instant iced tea.  This might be acceptable acceptable in a fast-food chain, but it is a minor outrage in a fine dining establishment in which the bill for lunch reaches $50 (with tip and tax but no alcohol).  

                Summary: Friendly service and good food.  Before the meal, they served bread with olive oil and vinegar. The bread was okay, but complimentary so I'm not complaining.  I ordered a caesar salad and Capesante alla Ligure (scallop dish). The salad was fresh and crisp. The scallop dish was delicious. It was served with green beans which were good, but barely warm. I substituted the side of potatoes for penne which was served al dente (a little too al dente for my taste, but still good).  My wife enjoyed her Spaghetti allo Scoglio (pasta and shell fish dish).  The cappuccinos and dessert were solid. My wife got Pistachio gelato and I got an unpronounceable Italian custard, which I would have mistaken for gelato if not told otherwise. The custard was good, but I was looking for something more custardy.  The background music was terribly bland.  Our server was very friendly and we had a great time.  

                Good atmosphere, friendly staff. Amazing pasta. Love the carbonara.  

                Service here was amazing. I've been to places fancier than this but this place has their service down.  Food was alright. I ordered a dish that was somewhat spicy (not a big fan) so I want to come back here again to try another dish.  

