                This small place is hiding next to BevMo, as others already mentioned it is indeed the best New York style pizza I had in the area.  The kids love pepperoni and I was glad to see that the pepperoni pizza here is less oily than in other places...as much as pepperoni pizza can be. I had the veggie pizza and it was delicious. They load it with garlic though so if you're not a garlic fan stay away from it! I enjoyed the garlic addition but the husband went for the mushroom slice and before he finished it he already ordered another slice.   The service is nice and fast, and they keep it clean, although I didn't like that our just cleaned table was wet; would appreciate it more if they dried the table after cleaning it. We were happy to see that the people behind the counter washed their hands constantly before touching the pizza. The cashier answered the phone several times and every time after hanging up he turned to the sink and washed his hands. There was a steady stream of people coming in to pick up their phone orders and many patrons around the tables in the restaurant at a late evening time enjoying their pizzas. It looks like the place has loyal clients who loves the place. I understand why. Oh yes...and we loved their background music choices!  

                Finally went in one of their locations. I've had their pizza before but on a take out basis.   Still awesome pizza. Even better when you eat in. Love the decor. Super helpful staff.   The ready made pizzas are a good way of getting what you want immediately and you can see what you're ordering. It's good for visual people like moi. Decision time is barely any time at all.  Easy parking. Across from Bev Mo. I wish I can bring my favorite beer in.  

                Crisp, cheesy goodness. Cool culture. (mostly) friendly folks working there. Exactly what I was in the mood for.  Went back this week for the same pizza.  only thing missing : I wish they had more vegetarian options, something more creative than the dominos veggie line up and a margarita.  

                This New Yorker needed comfort food after an otherwise stressful birthday in which lots of things went... Other than as planned ;)  So, New York style pizza! Which this is. The taste is spot-on, as is the thinness of the crust and the way the cheese, sauce and bread meld together. My one teensy quibble is that the crust could be a bit chewier and floppier, but it is otherwise authentic.  The folks are wonderful and friendly and I appreciated the free birthday cannoli (awww :) which tasted as spot-on as though it had emerged from the checkered tablecloths of Little Italy. I hope that there are plans afoot to bring back those Gino's Italian Ices soon, as those are a fondly held memory from my childhood. I remember being horrified at realizing that most pizzerias outside of NYC didn't have Italian Ices (or pizza sold by the slice, but that's a rant for another day).  The subway car dining room was a nice touch, as were the relics from actual old subway cars. The E train board from a train headed to the World Trade Center - Aww. And the metal benches and handholds, and graffiti pics, and subway maps... Definitely a taste of home.  All in all, just what I needed to celebrate my special day!  

                My friends love pizza, and they were super happy that this place has gluten free pizza! That's the only way we can have pizza for lunch together.   They only offer one size which is about 10 inches. It's a personal size pizza that's about 4 small sizes which is probably equivalent to the 2 of the regular pizza slices.   They don't have any pre-made so they have to make it once you order. It takes about 10 minutes to make.  For 2 toppings, I paid $12.00.   They accept credit card, and they actually prefer it so they have less cash on hand.   If you order 2 slices of pizza, you get a free soda app for $8.   It's not my favorite gluten free pizza spot but it was efficient, the service was good, and it's affordable. Perfect for a lunch spot.  

                Go big or go home!   My coworkers and I came here during our lunch break to fill up our grumpy bellies! It's located in sunnyvale and is a pretty popular place! You pick and choose whatever pizza slices you want and they warm them up for you. Literally all the pizza slices I've tried here are so good especially the ones with garlic pieces in them!   On yelp they show you that they will give you a free drink if you order two slices of pizza but they automatically give that to everyone without a check in :) saves time!   I recommend getting the margarita or anything with pesto :3 so so delish. I would also like to mention that this place have apple juice! Hahhaa I love it :) They also have garlic knots here but just skip that... Tried and I was not impressed.   The restaurant is nicely decorated and they have a small seating section of the restaurant representing as if you were in a bus/trolley. Pretty cool!   Quick place to grab lunch :)  

                If you want a slice theirs are pretty good. However a small pizza for 30 bucks is way too much. It was bland. Toppings were floppy. Sauce was bland and cheese eh. Bummer. Garlic knots also not that good. Don't know why people rave about them. Like the spot and the pizza dudes. A cheese slice when you want one is good. But that's it.  

                This is their second location, the original being in San Jose on Stevens Creek. Great quality New York pizza and garlic knots. A further plus to this location is it is a lot bigger and there are tables so you can dine here. One of my good friends had a small Impromptu birthday celebration here and we were in the subway room. The restaurant also loves debit/credit cards no matter how small of a purchase you make.  Absolutely love this place.  

                As someone who isn't big on the New York-style pizza we have on the West Coast, I made it a point to stay away from A Slice of New York (ASoNY) for awhile. However, due to its proximity to BevMo, I found it difficult to stay away.  Last week, I said "what the hell," and decided to see what ASoNY had to offer. After I walked into the restaurant, I noticed a New York subway themed wall that started from the entrance and went all the way to the back of the restaurant; there's a separate room that resembles a New York subway station, and the bathroom even has a large painting of the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man attacking New York City.  After perusing over the menu, I decided to make it simple and just go with two slices of pizza; pepperoni and mushroom/pepperoni. Once I received my food, I noticed a lot of oil on the pizza, which is something I don't care for. However, after I took my first bite, I instantly became a fan. ASoNY manages to capture the authentic taste of NY pizza that is usually hard to find on the West Coast. The pizza crust has the right texture and taste, and the ingredients all seem fresh.  The major setback for this restaurant is the price. If you want a large "signature" pizza, you'll be paying upwards of $34 before tax, and that's not including the square-shaped Sicilian pizza that will run you $43 for a large. I know the pizza is good, but come on...  Anyway, the pizza is a little expensive, but I will definitely eat at ASoNY again, and I recommend everyone to try it out at least once.  

                Was craving thin-crusted pizza and came to ASONY. This place used to open at 1pm on Sundays but then they changed to noon, which is really helpful considering most of the people would prefer it.   Got a large "Sutton Place" pizza pie that came with mushroom and sausage. The flavors of the pizza is reminiscent of my Junior-High School's lunch pizza. Although I did not appreciate eating it back then, I was taken back to a rather memorable period of my adolescence.  This restaurant has an interesting NY subway decor accented with street signs and graffiti. The four of us were comfortably full having about 2 slices each from the large pizza.  Be an upright customer and make sure you don't get on their "Wall of Shame".  

                Prices are a tough high maybe?  Tried their Margherita. Really good when warm, but once my second slice was cold, I had no desire to eat it lol. Staff was lovely.  

                We have always been a fan of the Stevens Creek location so we were very happy to see a 2nd location near home and not as hole in the wall like the other. Very nice and clean. Their pizza is really good! They also have big slices of different toppings ready to heat up for quick eats. During one of our visits a year or 2 ago, their cc machine wasn't working and the owner was working at the register, we didn't have cash with us. He looked at us and said "you two look like someone I can trust to come back and pay for your pizzas". He wrote us an IOU receipt and we promised to pay it. That was very good of him. Unfortunately the next day we left for vacation. As soon as we got back though we came and paid for our pizza. The person at the register was confused and had to call the owner to confirm the story and IOU receipt.  They carry some New York snacks you can only get in NY. The cannoli's are pretty good too. Staff is friendly and always seem happy. I haven't seen a sad/I don't want to be here kinda look. Always our go to spot for pizza.  

                I love eating their pizzas! The restaurant has plenty of parking outside and once your inside the whole restaurant is decorated with New York style graffiti and a sub way look a like eating area. The best part is that their pizza rocks!!!!! We ordered a large 18" pepperoni with the other half being margarita.... But they did screw up tonight... Instead of placing Pepperoni  on the whole pizza with the half being margarita hey only put half pepperoni even though we paid for the extra pepperoni to be placed on with the margarita..... But we didn't notice it until we got home! By that time it was too late and we just ate our pizza.. I don't know what happened tonight because the past couple of times we ordered from them they did it right... The pizza here is really good but I guess next time just remind them again of your order.. I would have given a better rating except we had to pay extra for not getting our order right... Bummer  

                How exciting to have found New York style pizza so close to home! These are paper thin and you gotta fold em' to eat em'. Packed with flavor and crust is just right. I can eat here everyday. And really c'mon its guiltless cause the pizza is super thin so it's low carb diet friendly amiright?! Fugetabout your diet. This place is a must on a cheat day, heck it's good on a regular day for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Pizza Pizza Pizza!!   They also serve ice but unfortunately out of it when we arrived at 6pm. Boo! We will be back for you!  Love the atmosphere. Set up like a New York subway train station. Props to the team for excellent service and their wall of shame. Respect.  

                Pretty good for the west coast.  

                Best NY-style, thin crust pizza in the area!   This is where I usually go when I'm craving a slice of delicious thin crust pizza. Love this location way better because parking is so much easier. The restaurant is also cleaner, has more of a modern feel to it and is more spacious than the original location in San Jose.   I would usually get their Margherita pizza (delicious) or the Sicilian (amazing)! The only disappointment are the garlic knots, which are consistently not up to par; hard and cold...just not as good as their other location.   Service is friendly, pizza comes out fast and hot. Overall, good spot for a quick bite if you are craving a NY-style slice in Sunnyvale.  

                I usually go to the one by VF, so when I first walked into the Sunnyvale location, I was quite impressed with the size of the restaurant.  The decor is very cool and reminds me very much of NY.    The pizza, of course, is equally as good as the VF location, as was the service.  I love me some thin crust pizza and got my usual cheese slices.  A couple sitting next to us had a delicious looking white pie that I am determined to try the next time I visit.  Mmm mmm!  

                Ive heard from friends the register guy washes his hands now!!  Yeahhhhh!   Wearing  gloves or non scented Purell in a pinch is another option too :)  Thanks for improving! !!  

                Came by for a late night snack the other night and was pleasantly surprised. I've always been a fan of the first location on Stevens Creek, except for the hole-in-the-wall feel...  Came by right before closing and the staff were all friendly!   Ordered a slice of pepperoni and added some bell peppers and sausage to make it a $4 slice of pizza that came out warm with a crispy bottom! ...yum!  The interior reminds me of NYC, from the subway signs to the Metrocards on the subway car!  

                **this is review for their already made slices and garlic knots  I came in expecting the worst being a New Yorker.  I was in a hurry so I chose two slices of this already made pizza that looked decent by pointing to the upper tier of slices and saying "two slices of those please,  and also 3 garlic knots."  I had turned away to talk to my friend,  and after waiting ten minutes for the food and paying,  I ended up getting two slices of pepperoni which was the pizza below what I was pointing to.  Was in a hurry like I said,  so I just ate it.  Two slices and three knots was like 11$ somehow  The pizza was alright,  I can appreciate a good slice of pepperoni.. This wasn't really one of those.  The crust was soggy and the pizza was quite greasy,  and dripped down my hands consistently.    This was a reheated slice like i said,  so please dont judge your purchase of a full pie off this,  it could be way better fresh.  The garlic knots were chewy and had a thick,  interesting texture.  They were good but I have had way,  way better knots elsewhere.   All in all i wouldn't come again for quick food but id really like to give this place a shot with their fresh pizza.  

                I saw that a Jersey friend gave this place 4 stars, and NY style pizza is one thing I trust his judgement on, so came in for a slice.  Margarita is always the pizza I judge a place by, and this one was good.  Thin, crisp crust.  All the flavors balanced.  Just as it should be.   When I need a slice, I will definitely be back.  

                Very big and generous pizza, lots of toppings, friendly staff. There are 4(or 5 ) different tap beers so that is also a plus.  

                Who makes the best New York style pizza in the San Francisco Bay Area - A Slice of New York or Bibo's?  I appreciate truly excellent pizza, and am always on the lookout for new exceptional pizza emporiums.  When I started regularly traveling between Northern and Southern California, it because clear to me that the vast majority of the crème de la crème pizza restaurants are in NorCal; the pickings toward the top of the quality ladder are much thinner down South...  In my experience, New York style is the most common style of pizza found, but most of it is mediocre at best.  The two best New York pizza restaurants I've visited in Northern California are A Slice of New York and Bibo's. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz/bibos-ny-pizza-san-jose?hrid=asGLeBZQ8eZXrvs4VEVmCw">yelp.com/biz/bibos-ny-pi…</a> One Wednesday evening, I decided to do a side-by-side taste of both of these pizzas, and recruiting a special guest pizza critic to assist me with my Siskel and Ebert impression - the wine guzzling uber-hiker and Yelper extraordinary, Sidney S.   Note: Both ASONY and Bibo's bake the pies intended for sale by the slice only ¾ of the way through, and then add toppings to match your order before heating to completion.    Enroute to Sidney's Man Cave to taste-test our pizza with a wine pairing and a movie, the first of the two joints I hit was Bibo's; I chatted with Freddie (younger brother of Bibo, for whom the place is named), and decided to go with the Italian Meatza (Pepperoni, Sausage, Genoa Salami, Fresh Basil), and the Margherita (Bibos Home-Made Pizza Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil, Olive Oil).  I then hit ASONY, and custom ordered two slices to match the combos from Bibo's.  I arrived at Sidney's place in Morgan Hill a few minutes shy of 6pm.  We shared some wine, and then the game was afoot!  Even though the pizzas were made with the same toppings, they looked VERY different, both before and after they were cooked.  We started off with the Margharita slices, and tasted them side-by-side.  Both crusts had glorious independent suspension, and the dough tasted delightful!  Both benefited from being finished (without reheating) on the pizza stone; they were crisp without being oily; hot and delicious.  The ASONY slice tasted wonderful; I get them two or three times a month, and never get tired of them.  That said, Bibo's knocked my socks off!  I've had it only a few times (because it's a pretty long drive) and doing a side-by-side comparison, I found the Margherita slice from there to be smoother, creamier, and more satisfying than ASONY.  Trying to reserve judgment, we moved on to the Italian Meatza variants.  Again trying them side by side, I found that while the ASONY slice acquitted itself beautifully, the Bibo's slice had better flavor and more body; the toppings balanced out to a more satisfying whole.  Had I been comparing ASONY to the best chain pizza I've ever had (Pizza My Heart) or maybe even Vito's in West Hollywood, it might have still reigned supreme - it's really exceptional pizza.  Still, at the end of last night, I was ready to put the laurel leaves on Bibo.   You want to be really surprised?  Sidney actually AGREED with me!  He really liked ASONY, but thought Bibo's was hands down better.  Who woulda thunk it? :-)  

                For high quality pizza, with a bit of a hefty price tag, go here. Avoid the salads and double up on the yummy cannoli!  

                Best pizza in the area. Great value for the large and can't complain of anything.  The mushroom olive pizza is fabulous. And the cannoli is spectacular.     The garlic knots, I think are ok, but I have never been a huge fan if them anywhere.   Always friendly cheerful bunch working here.   Check out the wall I shame while you are there. It's hilarious with real idiots.  

                I wanted to send dinner to my clients on move in day, and A Slice of New York went above and beyond to make that happen.  I was scheduled to be out of town on delivery day and they moved mountains to make it work. Everyone loved the pizza and the ambiance is just like being in Manhattan.  

                Simply Put - Best, most authentic NY Pizza I've found in the area.   My wife and I moved here from the NY/NJ area 18 months ago.  This is the closest thing to home I can find.  

                I'm from east coast so naturally I had a hard time finding a go to pizza place but this is it! For me there is no other!  

                I grew up in NYC and totally miss pizza. This is some of the best pizza I've had, west of the hudson.  The only problem I have is with the accuracy of the subway model in the shop. The front door is authentic though! :-)  

                order: pizza (duh), garlic knots  

                There are many things I miss from back home on the East Coast and good NY-style pizza is one of them. Having found the pizza options in the Peninsula/South Bay to be a bit lacking, I took a chance on A Slice of New York and was basically teleported back home.   Everything about the place was great, but most of all (and most importantly) the pizza. Crisp, thin crust perfect for folding. Great topping choices. Great selection, even in the middle of the lunch rush.   Looks like I've found my spot.  

                This is our favorite pizza joint. We love the New York style pizza and they also have excellent service. I had ordered 10 Large pizza for my son's birthday party. Even though they opened at noon on Sundays, the manager arranged for people to arrive at the store earlier so w can pick up our pizza earlier.  I love their margarita pizza and my son loves their pepperoni pizza. Definitely try it out when you get a chance.  

                My favorite place to get ny-style pizza, both regular and gluten free. No forks or knives, and yes, fold the slice in half and hold it over a plate! This location is slightly newer and larger than the San Jose one, but has similar subway decor.   Call ahead if you are ordering a small gluten-free pizza. They make these to order in about 15 minutes. If you're ordering in person, you can select from the freshly-made pies in their display, which vary daily. I like the margherita, which comes with plenty of fresh basil and enough garlic to make your nose sing. If you order it in-store, they'll heat your slice(s) to a chewy crisp. If you get it to go, finish off the slice(s) for a few minutes at 450F in your own oven.   Stick to the pizza, skip the rest of the menu. The cannoli, for example, is simply too rich.   Lunch special 11a-2p: Buy 2 slices, get a free bottled water or soda.   GF diners: The crust is super crisp, with the edges crunchy. Unfortunately, this may mean that your mouth may feel a bit raw after eating an entire small pie. Obligatory chewing and munching struggles aside, this is by far the best gf pizza around. The non-gf slices are nothing like this, and are absolutely crisp, ooey, and delectable. C'mon, food scientists....make this happen gf!   There is a special kind of torture in taking their pies to go. Godspeed and good luck resisting the heavenly smells!  

                When you walk into the restaurant you notice all of the NYC themed decoriations.  My favorite is the big mural above the kitchen.  They have a special before 2PM if you buy two slices of pizza, you get a drink free.    Its hard for me to pick out my favorite pizza from this place because all of them are good in their own way.  If i had to pick my favorite is the Rockefeller.  It is loaded with meat and the garlic pieces always add a nice flavor.   The crust on their pizzas are thin and toasted to perfection.  Been to NYC and this place can go head to head with the pizza from there.  Hands down the best NY style pizza outside of NYC.  

                I have dreams about ASONY's pizza!  Love love love the pizza here.  I moved from the east coast and worked in NYC for a while.  It really is a slice of new york.  Also love the subway inside the restaurant.  

                Getting true NY slice pizzaaaas  

                Great place to grab a quick bite. The pizza is great, just like the other location on stevens creek, but much larger.  

                This is my go-to place for a veggie pizza.  Times Square is FREAKING DELISH.  Love it with extra garlic and extra sauce.  

                Excellent New York Style pizza and reasonably priced.  The folks here are super nice as well! The deserts were 'eh'... the cheesecake and chocolate cake specifically... but the pizza did taste like it was from NYC! I came here because of the high yelp reviews and glad i went!  

                How have I not written a review of this place?    Awesome pizza.  Excluding all Neapolitan-style pizza joints, this is my favorite.   $18 for a large cheese..you just can't beat it.  The staff are super friendly and we just love coming here when we crave pizza.  

