                I loved this place. One of the few places open on Christmas, but quiet as it is tucked out of the way on the north west corner of Alameda. Absolutely gorgeous view!  The food was spot on. I had been to Morocco last Feb and tried a ton of amazing food. Theirs was just as awesome. Had the kefta sandwich which had sweet onions, warm tomatoes lettuce and well seasoned meatballs. The bread was also delish and I was told it was kosher. We also enjoyed traditional moroccan mint tea. The owner was extremely nice and told us about moroccan culture and we shared our experiences.   Hopefully he doesn't move back to Morocco because that food was fantastic. Hope to come back again when I visit the area next!  

                This place is absolutely the best hidden gem in Alameda.  We came here for the pre-fix menu on Saturday night.  The food was great. We started with roasted eggplant, bread, carrots, red bell peppers appetizer. Then we had the choice between chicken or lamb with couscous, caramelized onions, garbanzo beans, and golden raisins. Very delicious!  Free corkage (no fee) BYOB!  Belly Dancing and belly dancing lessons, we hit the dance floor after our meal, how fun!  Tea and cookies to finish, the tea was very sweet for my taste although I am sure that is standard.  Definitely recommend checking this place out.  Great views of San Francisco and the bay!  

                Updated after owner comment:  Yikes! I can't believe the comment received from the owner. The original review was for 3 stars, which was not necessarily a bad review. I enjoyed the food and my experience OK. My only comment was that the place was completely empty which can be uncomfortable. Ambience contributes to the dining out experience.  However, the response from the owner was appalling! See below. He made it personal by attacking me unecessarily. Now I would definitely tell anyone I know not to come to this establishment. Alameda is a a very small town and growing up here, you kind of know a lot of people. Word of mouth travels fast. I cannot recommend anyone support this business that treats people like this...  Comment from Jonathan B. of Abigail's Moroccan Cuisine  Business Owner  10/3/2014 *Hello Ava. I am glad that you enjoyed the food and the service but no one forced you to eat in our empty place, you were lucky that you ate here because most of the time is packed and if I was you, I'll just leave. I can not grab people from outside and bring them into our place so you can enjoy your meal. Don't you have friends?  The place was empty during lunch. Food was good, service was good, just don't enjoy eating alone...  

                Had the prix fixe dinner here on Valentine's day and just loved it. It was a great experience. I didn't love the first course (salad nicoise) but the lamb and couscous was amazing. And what a view! Highly recommended.  

                Abigail's is a bit hard to find, but worth searching for.  They are located by San Francisco Bay so you get a nice view outside the restaurant.  Every Saturday evening, they have a $25 Moroccan dinner special.  It includes salads, chicken tajine, lamb shanks, vegetable couscous, and moroccan mint tea.  There is entertainment also during that dinner which features a Belly dancer and music also.    We were not there on a Saturday evening though.  We came here on a Sunday morning.  We arrived here at about 11am for lunch. The place was entirely empty.  Looked like the place was closed.  Fortunately, for us, they were open.  It felt like we were at a friend's home instead of being in a restaurant.  Very comfortable and the service was great.  Their sandwiches are mostly $7.50 each, and they have plate lunches for $8.75  I tried my wife's Moroccan Salad.  It was quite good.  We both agreed that we would try something else next time though.  ( 3 stars )  My Moroccan Kefta Sandwich on the other hand was superb!  Everything inside the sandwich went so well together.  The caramelized onions and the meatballs were delicious inside this delicacy.  I would order this sandwich again!  (4.5 stars)  Got the chance to try their Moroccan Mint tea.  The young lady who helped us did a fantastic job of pouring the tea for us.  It was a show in itself!  By the way, that Moroccan Mint tea was yummy!  ( 4.5 stars)   Good to know that if we are craving Moroccan food, then we can come here when we're in Alameda.  

                The best kept secret in Alameda.  I would love for everyone on the island to know about this place.   Family run, local business, fresh and delicious food and the best waterfront view.   Try the eggplant salad, the kefta (meatball) sandwich and the mint lemonade.   If you're lucky you'll get to meet Abigail.  

                This is my new favorite restaurant in all of Alameda. Totally worth going out to Ballena bay. I've only had Moroccan here so I can't speak to the sandwiches, but the Moroccan food is fantastic! They have Thursday lunch specials that are bomb!! Both the chicken and lamb were tender and fell off the bone, and I don't usually even like lamb. The couscous was really flavorful and there's always a light salad with it. I usually go with a friend who used to live in Agadir, and he says it's the most authentic Moroccan he's had here. Highly recommend the Harira soup AND the mint tea which is sweet and delicious (and supposedly exactly like they have in Morocco). Can't recommend this little restaurant enough, it's definitely one of Alameda's gems.  

                What a hidden gem, located right next to the water, this little place is dishes up some fantastic food.  Had there lentil soup, mint tea, chicken and a meatball parmigiana sandwich.  great food, perfectly prepared, friendly staff, great price and a beautiful location right on the bay.  What is not to love !  

                I first discovered this place when I went to a nearby high school, and I have loved it since. Their Moroccan Kefta sandwich is my personal favorite entree, but I have loved everything I've tried. They often alternate between Moroccan potato salad (Fantastic), Moroccan cooked carrots (good), and Hummus (Homemade, and fantastic) as a side. Johnathon has always been helpful with accommodating my friends with dietary restrictions, and is very friendly and hospitable. I recently dropped by on a Thursday and was delighted to see that they had a traditional Moroccan chicken special which was delicious. It was a whole chicken leg that was perfectly seasoned and tender enough to be eaten easily with just a fork. The view of the bay and San Francisco is gorgeous.  Overall, I just have two gripes with this places; they discontinued their delicious Abigail Juice, and their traditional Moroccan food tends to vary depending on the day because it has to be slow cooked. Sadly, I can't get here often enough now that I no longer live in Alameda.  

                Refreshing mint tea and flavor bursting potato salad. Cute family atmosphere and 10 out of 10 for the view of San Francisco skyline and Bay. We'll be back! Great bike ride over from Oakland.  

                This place is a little gem.  The chicken sandwich was well seasoned with perfectly grilled onions, roasted tomatoes, and bread that soaked up all those yummy flavors but remained crunchy!   The mint lemonade was so refreshing and you can't really beat the view of the water.  I'm definitely coming back for their Saturday dinner with bellydance and chicken tajine.  

                A real hidden gem. Feels like home. We stumbled on this place for lunch because of the stellar yelp reviews and we weren't disappointed. The food was fresh and authentic. Very kid friendly too with an amazing view.  

                This is the real deal in terms of Moroccan food! It significantly exceeded my expectations. Really a great value if you are looking for a fantastic Mediterranean taste.   It is ran by the owners that have a wonderful sense of hospitality. The bonus is the great sea view!  

                I liked this joint; it has heart. It feels more like you're in someone's home than in a restaurant, and I mean that in a good way. Also, the views of San Francisco that everyone is talking about are as good as they say.       I went on a Saturday, for the prix fixe menu; it sounds like it is an entirely different experience for other times, so bear that in mind.   The first dish was "salad" which was baba ghanoush, roasted red peppers, some new potatoes and green beans. The baba ghanoush was the star of the show; best I've had in a while. Instead of being served with flatbread, which I'm used to in a Moroccan restaurant, it was a standard issue French loaf.   The next course was a choice, lamb or chicken. I chose lamb, and it was a fall-off-the-bone tender shank.   I have to admit, as good as the lamb was, I was jonesin for Chicken Bastilla, Morocco's famous chicken pie. A light, crispy pastry shell with savory saffron chicken, spiced omelet stuffing, and crunchy topping of toasted almonds. Mmmmm. I'm used to it being a standard fare, but not here. I just wanted to point it out (and deducted no stars from the review, mind you).   Belly dancing was fun; she was a pro, getting the whole group up and dancing.   A sweet finish with hot tea and homemade cookies. Again, in the end, just as from the start, that homey feeling shines right through.   A cute hidden spot in Alameda.  

                Simply brilliant. Gorgeous bay view, free wifi, friendly staff, great food decent ambience and not even busy. Too secret, apparently. Check out this treasure!  

                Great food, tea and mellow atmosphere! I took my belly dance students here to observe the live dancer- and she was fabulous! I enjoyed the family owned vibe. I recommend going Saturday night to see the live entertainment! I recommend this for fun date nights, girls night out and special events!  

                The food, view, service is 5 stars.  For me what was not so fun was the ambiance. Husband and I went on a Saturday evening and it was SO quiet you could hear a pin drop. It was awkward. It feels like we were eating in a the living room of some family member that had put the entire dinning room in time out. It also bugged me that the one time I don't drink I feel like everyone around me was there strictly to drink. People I get the whole no corkage fee thing is 'great' but it felt like some diners were there strictly to have the poor couple running the place be their personal sommeliers.   Alright so I told you about the dead silence, right? Now enter booming music and one pissed off belly dancer. Listen I went for food....and I guess entertainment. Never did I see a sign stating 'one must dance'. Cause home chicken (um, the dancer) seemed quite annoyed that only the kids were willing to try out her moves. So like 15 minutes of some men slipping her singles (gross) and she was GONE. Mind you she left the building with purpose. I swear she was mumbling under her breath, cause she looked pissed.   Again, weird. Could have done without that experience.   I could potentially see myself returning but not rushing back unless we bring a large group of friends to liven up the place.  

                Abigail's Moroccan Cuisine is definitely a hidden gem in Alameda.  Went here on a whim over the weekend and I was so pleasantly surprised.  It's a family restaurant, and the owners were very welcoming.  I would suggest making a reservation in advance.  We had just missed the belly dancer, so I can't comment on that, but the food was great. The restaurant is also a BYOB establishment, so if you like wine with dinner, bring your wine of choice.  First there was an appetizer (eggplant, roasted peppers, potato salad, and carrot salad- all very flavorful) and bread.  We were given the choice of two entrees...I had the chicken dish with lemon, and green olives, while my date had the lamb shank with caramelized plums.  Both dishes came with a hearty side of couscous with squash and carrots. The chicken and the lamb were very tender and I couldn't decide which I liked more. After dinner we were served Moroccan mint tea and pastries. The tea was really tasty.    My date loved this place and said the food reminded him of his grandmothers cooking. We were one of the last patrons to leave and the owner came and sat with us for a while and talked to my date about Morocco.  The owner knocked $10 off our bill, and gave my date some Moroccan cologne and some tea for us to make at home.  He was so nice, and his wife too, and introduced us to his children.  I have never been to a restaurant and left with gifts :)  They gave us a very enjoyable experience and we will definitely be back.  

                Just had a fantastic meatball sandwich, mint tea and view of the bay.  

                Abigail's Moroccan Cuisine near Ballena Island Marina in Alameda is a gem. We visited on Saturday and were barely seated when we were served their wonderfully spiced appetizers of sauteed eggplant, soft bell peppers, potatoes, and fresh carrot salads.  The restaurant owners take the reservation, seat, serve and cook for their guests. After our dinner Jonathan and Fatima came to our table to chat with us.  By limiting main menu choices, Abigail's was able to concentrate on what they created best, generous portions of soft and succulent shank of lamb and superb customer attention. The restaurant is named after their daughter Abigail. We look forward to our next visit at Abigail's for lunch later this week.  Food: 5 Service: 5 Interior Deco: Casual; (not rated) Exterior View: San Francisco Skyline, 4.75 Price: Reasonable 5.00 Overall Experience: 4.75  A scrumptious signature desert(s) would make Abigail's a 'Solid Five Star'.  

                This was my first time trying Moroccan food and this place is truly a hidden gem! There isn't much going on in that plaza so finding this restaurant was a wonderful surprise/experience.  SERVICE - Excellent! Attentive and super friendly. It's a family owned restaurant that is willing to take time to get to know their customers :)  FOOD - Very good! Different flavors but they compliment each other well. There are no menus (sounds crazy right?) but it definitely makes the experience that much better! Salad, main entry, dessert cookies, and their special tea :) I felt we were on Anthony Bourdains No Reservations show or something lol  There's also a belly dancing performance! :D  Oh, and you can bring your alcohol - wine, beer, etc.! ;D  

                We reserved this place for a big family party and the guests eat and felt great.  Jonathan, the owner, was very helpful and straightforward.  There was great and plentiful food and we could take it home afterwards.  Jonathan offered for free some perks that were really appreciated by our guests.  The views are really something, especially on a sunny day. Would go back anytime.  

                Went there after lunch, had the kafta sandwich and the mint lemonade, my freind had the vegetarian sandwich and Moroccan coffee. I missed authentic Moroccan food. This was it.  Also sat outside on a sunny weekend afternoon and enjoyed a great view of the bay and San Francisco.  Going to have to check it out again.  

                We ( my husband and I ) had a fun night , excellent authentic Moroccan food and service ,  They have a belly dancer , the ambience was good , I had a delicious couscous with lamb and prunes.  I really enjoyed it , I felt like I was in morocco ! I ll be back soon , thank you for this great experience  

                Brought my sister and niece here during their visit from London, and Abigail's did not disappoint. Part of the reason why they loved it so much is because of the really attentive service; Jonathan and Fatima are such stars and always willing to please.   A different belly dancer this time, but one who was just as great.  And of course...the food. Just thinking about the lamb shank now is making me hungry!  In short, Abigail's is a local diamond. I'd recommend you go there if you haven't already been. If you have, you don't need me to tell you to go again - you know you want to!  

                I enjoyed my meal here. The Moroccan Mint Lemonade was extremely good. I had a Moroccan beef sandwich (I forget the name) that was also very good. The atmosphere is nice. The trays on the table look nice, but are challenging is using your computer in their free wifi. The view is great. The service was very good. I'm sure I'll go back.  

                I love the place.  Owners were nice, and made us feel comfortable.  We went there for Mary's birthday, and we had a great time.  I would go there again (wearing flat shoes), so I can try the belly dancing lesson :-)  

                They deserve every single star! We went there last Saturday as a big group. It was SUCH a fantastic experience. Alcoholics, this is the place for you! Since it's a BYOB establishment we were able to bring our own drinks which added more awesomeness to the meal. So you could bring an entire bottle of vodka if that's what you like (it's not what we did but everybody is different).    I loved that you didn't need to order off a menu, you just had the option of getting chicken or lamb. This is perfect for me since I am a chronically indecisive person..The appetizers were so good, I ate them so quickly I don't even remember what everything was except that it was delicious. I definitely remember that! The lamb shank was delicious, and everything just had tons of flavor. The cous cous was flavorful but not overpowering and the vegetables were cooked perfectly.And then there was the bellydancing! I think I enjoyed it more than the men did! It was so nice to have that kind of entertainment and it just added energy to the room.   This is the perfect place to take a friend for their birthday or visit with a big group of people! They made the payment really easy too and split it evenly between everyone by using an iPad so we were all able to settle up quickly and headache free.  Tip: Definitely make a reservation, especially if you are going on a Saturday night.  

                Found this place on yelp. Food and service was great. Definitely will eat here again.  

                Jonathan the manager or owner in charge message me and said he thank me for my review. I wanted to let him know that I was outside while coworker order the food and drinks. Now according to the menu he said that's what he was handed. The menu sure needs a update as the juice was delicious as the waiter told my coworker what it was. I didn't care what was in the juice he just pointed it out that it was on the menu. The plastic tablecloth part was perceived differently as I meant the clips on bottom of table making it a nice tidy set up, which is nice. He told me the age is 71 as I'm not good with age so I assume that person was late 50's. I glad to hear back from him so we can put this to a closed. Kefta sandwich is a must!  

                The food here is amazing! The owners are really nice and friendly. There is bellydancing on Saturday nights, which is really fun to watch! You need to check this place out.  

                This past Saturday night I had my mom's 60th birthday party at Abigail's Morrocan Cuisine! Abigail and her husband (the owners) took very good care of us! I felt at home in their restaurant. This is what I love most about Moroccan culture. We had ten guests and we had an amazing time. The belly dancer performed at 7:30pm- she was one of the best belly dancer I've ever seen. I've been belly dancing for years and she was just delightful.   The food was excellent. I had the lamb. The couscous was the best I've ever had outside of Morocco. They also have free corkage which makes the bill very fair and reasonable!    I also met their beautiful children. The restaurant only serves dinner on Saturday nights. They do offer lunch throughout the week. I admire a family who owns a restarant but makes their family/work life balanced. How wonderful!!!  I love to support small family owned businesses! The quality, atmosphere, food and experience was just perfect.   I look forward to going there again.   EMMA  

                Lunch on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Chicken parm sandwich is so good!  Great bread. Fast service. Awesome views of SF.   Just a short walk from the house. Love it!  Had the Sat dinner a couple off this ago.  Fun evening for friends or family to enjoy good food and entertainment by the belly dancer.  Enjoy!  

                Well was kind of exceptic about the place but when we get there for U$25.00 you have the full meal with dancer included., I have a lamb that was soft moist and Delicious my companion get the chicken well done and really good, tea was fantastic, and is more family friendly that another ones, the cool thing is of front of the Alameda bay shore so the view of the city is more nice avoiding buildings and full car streets the dancer ever with couple people on the tables show respect and sympathy for the guest even little kids dance with her and was pretty nice see that. GREAT PLACE FOR A ROMANTIC DATE ON SATURDAY..!!!  

                Very nice little place. We went there for a middle of the afternoon late lunch, and are on the patio. Beautiful view, tasty Moroccan food and very nice service. Wished they served wine - a crisp Sauvignon blanc would have been just the thing. Great value too.  

                Love this place.  We have a sailing school and charter company next door and everyone at our Club also loves this place.   Should have 10 stars.  

                Went for the Saturday night dinner. Wonderful place. Food is made fresh, atmosphere is really great. BYOB, no corkage fee.  

                View live belly dancing or downtown SF rise from the bay, without barely getting out of your chair.    It's a bit ironic that our island community of Alameda has so few restaurants (or bars) with water views.  Views aside, Abigail's delivers.  Saturday night menu is fixed price with two options..chicken or lamb.  Both are delicious and seem to have an authentic quality to them.  No alcohol is offered on the menu, but you can bring your own with no corkage fee!  

                I stopped in for lunch and had a great meatball sandwich. In fact it was the best meatball sandwich I can remember - Moroccan seasoning.  I loved the mint lemonade! I look forward to trying dinner.  

                This place is awesome!!! Got turkey sandwich which was the best I've ever eat. Morocco tea is also was really tasty. Prices are chip  

