                Amazing Karaage! I'm glad I started eating chicken :) I want to go back there again and try different flavor!  

                This is my favorite restaurant in Oakland.  I don't even like chicken, but this chicken is delicious. And they have so many fresh vegetable dishes that are so fresh and wonderful. You can tell there's a lot of love that goes into this food. I wish they'd expand their hours so I could eat there even more!  

                Concept  is better than the execution.  I was so incredibly excited for this place, but too many small errors really added up to a sub par experience.   THE VIBE:  Long and thin, the spot is more reminiscent of a university cafeteria than a restaurant or a pop up. The counter is littered with event flyers and food prep, the walls covered with sub par art. A piece on the wall declared "No Hipsters Allowed" in the most ironically hipster of spots. The service was incredibly friendly and conversational however.   THE FOOD:  Too many small mistakes, not enough attention to detail or prep work. The inconsistent size of the chicken makes for inconsistent textures, small pieces are great, but the normal sizes were overcooked. When your cooking without heavy breading, that chicken texture has to be spot on and they just didn't hit it consistently. Same with the salad, the avocado was 2x the size it should have been in proportion to the arugula base.   Flavors were good/decent, but some more knife work and attention to detail would bring this place into the solid 4 star range.  

                This is one of the new places, I finally got to check out after being sick for so long.  Let's get down to business shall we?  The interior reminds me of a very short Dive Bar. The posters using the Ramones-esque influence (with their own rebranding of course), is a nice feel to the grit of their identity:  I ordered two of the following items from the cashier:  Okonomikyaki: (<a href="/redir?url=https%3A%2F%2Finstagram.com%2Ffoodoofus%2Fp%2F0Gb1r1Hh8w%2F&s=0d0646ee84209b5d33b0957c5e6e194529551f18e28b76b92cae122bdf0298f1" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">instagram.com/foodoofus/…</a>) Miso Garlic Wings: (<a href="/redir?url=https%3A%2F%2Finstagram.com%2Ffoodoofus%2Fp%2F0Gb_lrnh9D%2F&s=f2b1d2933cf941f33dd9988197c1807e408dbd4db546bd26c8d184745f3f1ff8" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">instagram.com/foodoofus/…</a>) (one of four different flavor offerings).  Let's start with the pancake, yes it had some flavor but it was somewhat soft and saucey. Unless the iterations, I've had in Japan (and other similar restaurants) were completely off key, I was expecting a little bit more crunch with this dish.  The chicken, I'm really on the fence with. Perhaps I needed to try the wet iterations before making my final decision, but I wasn't too happy with it. Moist but lacked the chicken skin to really reel me with impact. The garlic notes were absent and there was a faint hint of miso. The sauce was a nice touch but served more as a salty compliment to the bland pieces of lettuce.   My biggest con was the lack of variety. You get four pieces of this stuff but you couldn't try a variety sampler (perhaps its the lack of fryers I'm guessing)? All of this for $12.00 really puts me in a tough place, I love seeing new concepts and apparently this Chef was widely popular in SF.   I hate being the black sheep but after taking all things in consideration, a 3.5 (rounded to a three rating), is all I could muster with this first impression. I hope they'll change for the better, ganbate Aburiya!  

                I decided to try abura ya on a late night after work . I'm a big fan of fried chicken so I was pretty excited to hear about this place . I wasn't disappointed , but I didn't get the wow factor either . I ordered chicken , salad , and rice . The chicken itself is well seasoned and cooked perfectly to order . The sauces threw me for a curve. I do plan on trying this place again to try the different sauces .  

                I had a nice sampling of their ever-changing menu. I would definitely recommend trying this place out, though it can get quite busy at night. The star of the menu is the fried chicken. They have a number of flavors and served in two sizes. Once you've tried some, you'll be wishing you got the larger size. The sansho (a type of pepper) was dry and savory with a thick creamy dipping sauce and some fresh cabbage. The coconut miso soup was yummy and steaming hot. My favorite was the okonomiyaki with generous sauce and bonito flakes on top. That's my kind of comfort food. I like the wasabi slaw that helped cut some of the heat from all their hot dishes. Thing is, everything was a level too salty for me. Cash only.  

                + Their karage is darn good (crisp, nice variety of flavors) + Their hot sauce selection is darn good (they even have the Palo Alto firehouse sauce) + Their workers are darn good (friendly, patient, and helpful!)  Cash only though and it's a small place so seating could be an issue.  Not going to stop me from coming back though!  

                If you're trying to choose between the Aioli Chicken and the BBQ Chicken with sushi rice, go BBQ. It is amazing.  

                Cool options. Lots of interesting veggie and vegan choices. The hand-written menu is a bit overwhelming b/c everything is new. The servers/working folk are nice and supportive of questions and questioning one's choices. Very chill vibe. One million sauces.  

                Tasty chicken. Forgot the name of the dry rub I tried but I thought it would be spicier since it had chilis. No problem though, there are a bevy of hot sauces to choose from and the house made apple garlic hot sauce had a nice kick and paired wonderfully with the chicken. There was fresh asparagus my friend and I were able to handpick which was a nice touch and it was prepared well.  The menu seems primarily gluten free and there are a lot of vegetarian/vegan options available. Cash only  

                Cool little pop-up in downtown oakland, currently living in a salad bar that's closed evenings and weekends.  They specialize in Kara-age - or boneless japanese fried chicken - and they do it well!  Several wet sauce flavors and a few dry ones.  Either 4pc or 8pc.....8pc is like a pound of chicken - plenty for 2 unless you're hungry.  Side dishes and rice plates round out the menu.  The chicken is off the hook if you like karaage, which I do.  I cant remember the dry flavor I had, but it was awesome.  The teriyaki was delicious as well.  You should come here....fo sho.  

                Japanese soul food..?! It really is as good as it sounds. This spot just opened as a pop-up inside the delicious local lunch locale Garden House. We stopped by for their opening night and they have a pretty great initial offering! You can pick fried chicken in solo, slider, or rice bowl form, and with one of four flavors (sansho-seasalt, ginger agave teriyaki, Japanese honey BBQ, or orange aioli), or for the non-meat-eaters, there are a few vegan options as well. On top of that, they have a bunch of side salads and yaki onigiri.   After like ten minutes of deliberation, I went with the rice bowl + orange aioli fried chicken. Gabe B. went the BBQ tofu route plus onigiri. Both were amazing! I devoured my chicken -- the aioli is super flavorful but not too greasy, the chicken is boneless & skinless and then fried, and ends up super juicy and tender with a crunchy exterior (okay not FuseBox crunchy, but still excellent). I would've thought the tofu would be more crunchy too, but it wasn't. We also got to try one of our friend's vegan drumsticks -- pretty interesting! It had more of a smoky flavor to it and was surprisingly delicious (I don't know why I'm always surprised by vegan food, it's proved to be more delicious than not like 90% of the time...).  Anyway, can't wait to try more of their menu items and flavors! You should def make this part of your weeknight-out routine!  

                This is a pretty dope place. Everything is cooked to order. So nothing is made before urs which is always the best to have it fresh. The people here are so nice. I came here one time when they have a live band of nothing but child rock stars which was pretty awesome.  They have a variety of items from rice bowls with salad on the side and second and they also have vegan options as well.  

                Cool place to get quick japanese style food when it's late, everything else is closed and you are hungry. Delicious late night food!   Japanese-american fried chicken is really delicious, as are their curries. I ordered their seafood pancake which was really well made and crunchy and tasty. In addition i had their miso soup which served in a paper cup was super cute and loaded with vegetables.   It is cash only and you have to order before you sit down. It's kind of like a japanese fast food sort of place. Very informal and laid back and low key. The kitchen is open so you can see what they are cooking.  I would definitely come back here. For their chickens especially. They have a huge list of sauces and toppings you can choose, so you can have unique entree every visit.  

                Orange hong aioli fired chicken was juicy & crispy. A bit heavy but very addictive. Crunchy carrots had a bit of a spicy kick & a lot of carrot flavor. Ramen & kale salad was junk food at its finest. Salty but refreshing due to the kale and fennel. The chicken oyster skewers were substantial. I wish they served beer since those were all drinking food. Delicious nevertheless!  

                Mmmm the dipping sauce for the cabbage is so amazing. Seriously. I like the unique sides & that they are organic AND locally sourced! The orange aioli chicken was yummy. However, the garlic miso chicken was a bit on the dry side, so I dipped it in the cabbage sauce & hot sauce. Also tried the cilantro medallion & coconut miso soup. Both were good. I'm looking forward to coming back to try more of their menu! Plus, they had like 30 different hot sauces to try. All in all, I love the concept of this pop-up. There's something real homey & fresh about this food. I am so glad they're here!  

                This pop-up has some of the best asian-fusion food anywhere.  Adachi constantly changes the menu with fresh and creative ingredients.  The specialty is Japanese fried chicken, but you can get it dry or sauced in many different varieties.  The salads are awesome, and he's got many veggie and vegan options, and killer soups.    Only open at night, Wed - Sat from around 5-10pm , so you better check before heading over there.  The music is always good, and you can follow-up with a couple pints across the street at Hi-Life after Abura-Ya closes.  

                Every style here if karage tastes super good. Can't wait to come back for more. Only catch?  Last time I was here it's cash only.  

                Every dish I've had here was amazing!  I generally get the BBQ glaze and curry powdered chicken. I've tried several specials, and some of them I really hope they can cycle back in like their fried brussel sprouts, or the japanese style curry chicken rice plate.  I am not a vegetarian, but most of my vegetarian friends end up enjoying themselves as well.  I'd enjoyed the fried squash and the avocado - so good!  I highly recommend you pick up a beer, get some chicken, listen to the tunes and enjoy!  

                Abura-Ya. RU sure the name isn't  Abra-cadabra?  Cuz seriously, you folks have some magically tasty chicken.  Cooked kaarage-style, but with much bigger chicken pieces (1/2 thighs or so), offered with a variety of sauces to complement them. The $11 eight-piece chicken option allowed two dressing options for the order, from which I chose the orange-garlic aioli and the staff-recommended BBQ.  Plus, a side salad of avocado.  Down to the eats: as mentioned, the chicken was excellent -- moist and tender, with the tease of crust the potato flour/starch coatings offers regular kaarage. The chicken meat's flavor was perfect, and present even coupled with both optional sauces. Of them, the BBQ was delightful -- tangy and pronounced, but not overpowering the chicken meat; and the orange garlic, again a supporting vs. dominant flavoring to the chicken meat. Both really good. And partnered with a nibble side of multicolored organic carrots segments, with at first I thought/hoped were pickled, but were just fine in their raw state.   The avocado salad was less thrilling -- basically an avocado half, its meat cubed, on bitter field greens with a wasabi-themed dressing. Not bad at all, but nothing special, particularly for the $6 price tag.   Minor neg points: I asked how long approximately my order would take -- was told ten minutes. Twenty was the reality. No big deal, but I did have someone waiting in the car who made a cute fuss on how late I was. Also, there was a minor misunderstanding about a chair I was using in the waiting area which was wanted for a dining area set-up.  Outside of that, the pop-up staff, who took my order and cooked my meal, were nothing but sweet and accommodating.   Overall:  4.6 stars.  In concept, as a Thursday-Sunday pop-up, Abura-Ya is a great idea for the Uptown Oakland bar/club scene to grab some eats between drinking venues. Beyond that, in execution, their very-flavorable chicken deserves your visit even if you're not bar-hopping in the hood.  

                Really great chicken.... I mean serious epic.   Go here, get chicken and beer.   I wasn't all that impressed with the other items we ordered, the fried okra ended up being boring, and the egg plant was much more well done than I prefer... maybe they just paled in comparison to the chicken.   MMMmmmmmMMMM fried delicious goodness.  

                Japanese food served with American flare!  Went with my husband a little late on Friday night around 9:30. Got 6 pieces fried chicken, chicken thigh oysters, kale miso salad and avocado salad. Unfortunately, they were out of rice!  The owner is Japanese and he even said, yeah how could we out of rice when we are Asia restaurant, right?  Apparently they had a very busy day. Got some saketini's and some beer.    The fried chicken was tender and flavorful.  We did Sansho-salt as well as Japanese BBQ.  Both were excellent, but a bit salty and would have gone really nicely with rice!  Chicken thigh oysters were good with a nice teriyaki like sauce -- what's a chicken thigh oysters?  The are the round little meat that separates from tight if you are cutting into the thigh, nice, plump, tender and lean piece of dark meat. Loved the avocado with yuzu-ponzu like dressing and the kale salad was lovely.  Can't wait to go back so I can try the chicken with rice next time!  Chatted with the owner who is Japanese about his restaurant and Japanese food in East Bay  Really nice guy.  Great music, BTW. They had punk music from the last few decades playing which added to the cool atmosphere.  

                Cash only. Casual /grunge/ hole in the wall feel.  I'll have to return.  I had a bet salad and tried the Brussels sprouts.  ..I know,  no chicken, which is why I must return.  My friends were really digging the gone teriyaki.  I plan to try the octopus when I go back.  

                ABURA-YA features japanese fried chicken in many flavors, not just as kaarange  eats: 4 piece fried chicken, 4/$7 -japanese bbq was recommended bbq smooth with a spicy kick wouldn't repeat, bbq sauce smothered natural chicken taste/freshness -big pieces of chicken, not small ones.  temaki: -many interesting sides never seen on japanese menus. -got japanese greeting when i entered -natural carrots with ranch dip nice. -not sure which dip would bring out chicken taste. salt/shio? -chicken made to order.  

                Loved it.    An 8 piece chicken dinner with rice and salad (tonight the salad was a mix of iceberg served with miso ranch dressing and this shredded green salad tossed in shoyu and sesame was $14 and a 4 piece dinner with all the fixins is $9.    All of it was delicious.  We had the seven spice chicken, the BBQ and the agave teriyaki.  All were really tasty.  the BBQ has some spice and some miso in it, so it had this tangy but earthy quality to it.  The agave teriyaki was also really addictive.  The seven spice chicken was served dry, and was a little more subtle in flavor, but was great dipped in the miso ranch.  We also had tempura fried green tomatoes as well which were also very tasty.  This place is highly recommended, as I don't know where else you can get this type of fare, and it is pretty affordable to boot.  I will definitely be back.  

                My partner and I own the Garden House that Abura-ya is located inside. We were racking our brains trying to figure out what would be best for our restaurant when our operations concluded for the day.   As a frequent patron of the evening establishments in our area I often found it hard to find food that could satisfy the munchies. I often wanted to grab something after stopping in at Van Kleef or other bars around without feeling the need to sit down.   Selfishly my partner and I decided to call in reinforcement from our friend Adachi. We had the space available and he makes some of THE BEST munchie-combating foods. It's like a match made in heaven!   As biased as it may seem people should be aware of this amazing fried chicken that he's dreamed up. It really deserves my 5 star rating. Come try it!  My partner and I are committed to helping other small businesses, such as Abura-ya, get started out here in my hometown. Adachi and his crew fit in so well with our hood and we love them for it!  

                It is Tuesday and I am craving me some Abura-ya fried chicken. Why do you not open everyday of the week?! :( If you are telling me that good things come to all those who wait... fine, I'll wait.   Locally sourced organic ingredients, fresh greens, non-greasy fried chicken, amazing flavors.. what more can you ask for? Adachi is always trying new flavors out, follow their Facebook page for some exclusive flavors!  

                My first pop-up restaurant experience here set the bar SO HIGH. I wanted one of everything on the menu. Decided on a mix of the BBQ and dry rub chicken. Both were super moist and delicious, great quality boneless thigh meat. We had the raw kale, wasabi slaw and beet salads - all so flavorful and fresh. Loved that the chicken came with carrots from the Capay organic farm and some strawberries. Nothing like a real carrot, except for a real carrot dipped in their crack sauce. Because everything was so flavorful, I didn't feel like I needed more food, which meant I left feeling satisfied, not sick.   Tremendous service made the food taste even better. Do you think in restaurant that is only open 3 hours thurs-sun both the food and the staff are "fresher"?  

                Not sure if this place can be called an izakaya if the only alcoholic beverage is this questionable "sake sangria". No complaints about the food (the fried chicken is quite good), although none of the five dishes we ordered had any of the usual, common Japanese ingredients (eg panko, bonito flakes, ponzu...). Long story short, two stars for lacking real drinks and a cozy dining environment. No credit cards and order from the counter only - I can see myself going there for lunch (do they serve lunch?), but not an ideal place for a comfortable evening out.  For a good izakaya experience, go to Halu (the Richmond) or Izakaya Sozai (Sunset).  

                I don't remember the exact names of the flavors I got, but one was with garlic and the other was with sea salt.  In both cases the seasoning was way overdone.   The chicken was fried right, juicy on the inside, and on its own would have been pretty dang good.  But the flavorings just ruined it.  Maybe my experience was a fluke, but the weird ass flavors seemed a bit try-hard... Fried chicken doesn't need all that shit.    Yeah, well, you know, that's just, like, my opinion, man.  

                Delicious!!! As a Japanese girl that loves her mom's traditional karaage, I visited Abura-ya  and was very curious to try a spin on the traditional dish.   Goodness, was I pleasantly surprised! My boyfriend and I got 8 to try and had to get another 4 of a different flavor! We tried Orange Aioli, garlic miso and BbQ and all of them were delicious!    The orange chicken at Panda Express is like a grease breading ball soaked in way too much over-powering sauce. Abura-ya'a karaage is the opposite in every way. The sauces aren't drenched on the chicken and the chicken itself is so tender with little breading; however, best believe there is no shortage of flavor! My sister is very picky about only eating white meat with no fat parts on it - and the meat here would definitely pass her test.   We tried the yaki onigiri too - being that it reminds me of summer night bbqs with my family. Yaki Onigiri is a rice ball that has teriyaki sauce rubbed on it - then is thrown on a grill to get a little crispy on the outside. I would recommend this item if you are not getting a wet-rub chicken because the yaki onigiri can be a little sauce-y.   With the wet rub: white rice. With the dry rubs: yaki onigiri.   Adachi-San, the owner of this bomb place, is an awesome guy too. He's a very Humorous and cool guy. He's that type of local business owner that you want to support. This is an awesome business concept - Specializing in Japanese fried chicken and awesome izakaya sides!   Ps - The ambiance is good for anytime in any outfit. My dance team and I just strolled over after a rehearsal in sweats and sneakers.  

                This place is really cool. The owner heading it up is a nice guy from around Kobe who seems to have led a very interesting life.   You can get a whole assortment of karaage, Japanese-style fried chicken, here. There are a ton of different glazes/sauces that are available on demand. Apart from chicken, there are vegetarian and vegan options as well, so there is no need to avoid this place due to you or your pals dietary restrictions.  The wasabi coleslaw is fresh and delicious. My wife had karate with spicy sauce, while I had the vegan drumstick with Japanese curry dressing. Both were really good. We will be back to try the other stuff!  

                Yumm!! We had 3/4 different flavors from wet to dry. The BBQ and honey is amazing and we had some dry ones that were pretty amazing but don't recall the name. Young lady with bandana was super sweet and the Latino cook was very sweet! The Asian young man was knowledgeable not only of the restaurant but surrounding areas to check out! Can't wait to come back on our next visit to friscoooo! Ahh bonus they were playing oldies and good jams!  

                I don't normally lick tables at restaurants when I spill food on them but this place is the exception.. It's just that good... Wish they took credit cards..  

                Yum yum yum! This place is amazing. The tonkatsu was so good and I loved the brussels sprouts. Going two days in a row. Bring your cash.  

                Overpriced.  The food is good for random snacks but I wasn't too impressed. Maybe I need to have the fried chicken :-\  

                I really really wanted to like this place, but it did not meet my expectations.  The chicken was all dark meat and too fatty.  My first bite had way too much fat and it was hard to chew and swallow.  I shared the teriyaki and orange aioli fried chicken.  Wayyy too much aioli (and c'mon - it really just tasted like straight up Kewpie mayonnaise) that really overwhelmed the entire dish.  It coated all of the rice, most of the teriyaki, and pretty much ruined the dish IMO.  I could taste a hint of the orange through all the mayo and it seems like it had some promise.  We special ordered the tempura avocado (wasnt on the menu that day) and it was delicious.  Just wish the star of the place was as good.  

                Abura-Ya is probably the douchiest place I've eaten in my entire life. First off, our cashier for the evening was way, way, waaaaaaaaaaay too nice. There's a certain point when "polite" becomes "pandering" and this guy passed that point miles ago and never looked back. "Oh wow, epic meal choice man, that's my favorite too, you're amazing for ordering that!" If I wanted to get my dick sucked I'd drive down San Pablo Avenue. Sure, I can understand how some people might think it's weird I'm criticizing this place for being "too nice" but if you hate bullshit like yours truly that kind of thing really rubs you the wrong way. On the other hand, if you're severely lacking as a human being, you'll probably love being treated like a five-year-old.  Speaking of bullshit, here's an interesting fact that most reviews here mysteriously omit: THEY BRIBE YOU WITH SANGRIA FOR POSITIVE YELP REVIEWS. That's right, after you order your best friend in the whole world Mr. Cashier informs you that you can have "free" sangria if you show him your review on your phone. I take the comment about San Pablo Avenue back; Abura-Ya are the most adept whores in Oakland.  This place's atmosphere is a fucking nightmare. They blare really, really soft 80's music at really high volume. It's fucked up that I have to yell over this limp lullaby bullshit just to talk to my friend directly across the table. Furthermore, they yell at you to pick up your food instead of bringing it to you. I'd be okay with this, except that I'm already yelling myself because of the music. They literally yelled a girl's name at least 10 times before she finally heard (again, wasn't her fault, you can't hear shit because of the music.) The place is so small that really they're just being super lazy by not walking over to the girl after yelling five times. Meanwhile, everybody else in the restaurant has to endure "TIFFANY!" being yelled every thirty seconds.  The food was mediocre at best. The best I can say is that the price/portion ratio was good and they had a lot of hot sauces to choose from. The chicken itself was exceedingly bland, but that's not an issue when you've got hot sauce. The food takes longer to make than it should (I waited about 20 minutes) and they fucked up my friend's order at least three times.  If you're lacking in morale fiber, have super bland tastes, and possess such cripplingly low self-esteem that you need to be pandered to like a child to feel good, Abura-Ya is the hottest new spot in Oakland. If you don't identify with those things, it'd probably be best to stay away.  

                The veggie options are amazing and everything I've tried there so far has been delicious.  

                Well isnt this a great little place to get some delicious fried chicken on a weekend night.  This is a fun little pop-up restaurant on weekend nights and its perfect for drunken munchies.  Everything is good - its not worth saying "try this, try that" because you really shouldn't limit yourself to a select few items here. Spread wings a little.  Downside? Not really. Its cash only which could be a potential problem for those trying to indulge here.  Its also really close to the downtown nightlife so that's a big plus as well.  

                Excellent chicken. Excellent food.  Go with friends and have a little of everything.  Now offering lunch at the Hatch Tue-Fri!!! The other nice thing is the direct support and relationship of service (you're face to face with the owners and chefs).  Super nice.   Oakland wants more of this. Orange-Aioli, Shichimi, Spicy Cucumber, Avocado Salad, Eggplant... it was all great. Make it happen.  Gochi-so-sama-deshita!!  

                This pop up has delish Japanese fried chicken. The portions are generous so you'll have lunch the next day!  Loved the spicy avocado salad where the lettuce absorbs all the yummy sauce.  The Rice Slider was weird and hard to eat although nicely spicy chicken. It was good, just a texture thing.    Definitely try it out!  

                I am a follower. The orange aioli fried chicken is my favorite flavor! The food here is consistently on point! They have gluten free, and veggie/ vegan options too! I have eaten here  3 times now (yes... It had only been open for a couple weeks) so obviously I love it. You can not go wrong! Adachi is missed as a San Francisco chef, but the commute over the bridge is completely worth it! Oakland this is a good one! Do it!!  

                In one word... Amazing!   Believe the hype, this karaage fried chicken is indeed all it's cracked up to be. The Garlic Miso and Shichimi are amazing, and definitely my favorites. Both full of flavor and aggressively seasoned... So so good! The Agave Teriyaki and BBQ are also top notch as well.  As far as sides go, take your pick... as they are ALL excellent. Tempura okra, cucumber salad, soy garlic marinated jalapeño... each delicious, and full of flavor. I try a new one each time we go, as I have full confidence that anything chosen will be tasty.   Chef Adachi and his partners, have something great and unique going on in Downtown Oakland right now. Always welcoming, talkative and friendly... the quality of the staff, is also on par with the food.   Ignore the snooty haters, do yourself a favor, and go check this place out, ASAP!  

                This new spot is the one!!! The guys here are so nice, I couldn't be happier that they opened this pop up!   I ordered the 4 piece chicken rice bowl in the sea salt flavor, they offered me a side sauce in case it was too dry so I went for the Japanese BBQ. I ate every single bite!!! I usually only eat white meat but I made an exception for this place, so if you only eat white meat know that this place is worth breaking that.   What I really loved about this place was the customer service. They were very accommodating and were so nice to my dog! They gave him some chicken to snack on and even set up a little area for is outside so he can join and so we didn't have to take it Togo. They all made sure to say hi to him and checked in on us constantly.   Safe to say we will he back multiple times. Let's hope that they don't get sick of us!!  

                Abura-Ya is so delightfully tasty! My boyfriend is literally obsessed with the fried chicken (it's all he talks about). But even as a vegetarian, I love this place! The menu is always changing and never disappoints. I think I've eaten every vegetable option and I've loved every one. I highly recommend the avocado salad, eggplant and fried zucchini. Plus, for what you get this place is super cheap. The workers are also incredibly friendly.  

                wow.  That is some VERY good fried chicken.  The atmosphere is a little quiet, but I enjoyed the personable staff.    the side dishes didn't impress me too much.  Go for the chicken.  

                I took my wife here on date night tonight... She's Japanese, and pretty demanding about quality and authenticity. After trying a few varieties, all she talked about was trying to figure out how to make her new favorites at home... Especially how to make such huge pieces of meat so juicy without being oily.   In one sense, I was just glad to have finally found one of the few Japanese/Japanese-style restaurants she has liked in the bay area... But after a while, I kinda noticed that I had eaten 2-3 meals worth of fried chicken.  The other reviews pretty well cover the menu, I just wanted to say that these guys have a really good thing going. Would love if they popped up closer to our house, but I guess a ten minute drive ain't too bad. ;)  

                Hella good! Can't wait to go back. New spot, don't judge by the bland decor- food is fresh and delicious. And how did wife and I eat dinner there for $26 and get totally full? Oakland restaurants are best in the bay.  

                I recently read a story about Abura-Ya and its loose affiliation with Onigilly in SF.  I love Onigilly so the BF and I went to check out Abura-Ya for dinner tonight.    We had the orange aioli chicken, tofu in sansho spice, beet salad and raw miso kale salad.  The chicken was delicious - tender from the koji, flavored well, and the orange aioli glaze wasn't too overpowering.  The rice was well cooked, and the salad and miso ranch and carrots that came with the meal were a nice touch.  The tofu was well-cooked, but could have used a little more spice and a bit less salt.  The beet salad was great - big slices of roasted beets with more of that miso ranch.  The flavor of the kale miso salad wasn't our thing...a little too strongly flavored and a little too salty.    The guys behind the counter were really nice and accommodating, the food is priced very well, and for those considering takeout instead of eating there - our order held up well on the 15 minute ride home.    I think there may be a few small kinks to be worked out, but I'm looking forward to coming back.  I hope Abura-Ya finds a permanent space - it's a great addition to Oakland.  

                This place is great. Unique food, great cooks, amazing chicken. If you are looking for wings, try this place out. Everyone I bring here loves it. Truly unique and original food. You wont be disappointed. Also, the owner plays a mean punk rock bass. Check this place out!  

                Went to this place before a concert at Fox Theater for a quick bite to eat. The handwritten menu is tough to read, but the cashier and cooks were very helpful and willing to give direction in ordering. There is interesting art on the walls for sale and a large selection of hot sauce to pick and choose from.  For 3 people, we ordered an 8 piece fried chicken (4 pieces with Japanese BBQ sauce and 4 pieces with a miso garlic rub) and an eggplant tomato salad. The food was served in very small portions in paper bowls and I think a little overpriced. The chicken was delicious and we ended up getting another 4 pieces with orange aioli. If you're looking for something crispy, definitely go with one of the dry rubs. The Japanese BBQ sauce was probably the tastiest and had a little bit of a spicy kick to it.  Overall, I hope the place succeeds because it serves really great food. So it's definitely a place to try, but I don't know if it has enough to pull me back again.  

                The chicken is  juicy and moist. The dressings are ultra flavorful and there is a great variety. The tofu is crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, making it a perfect vessel for the dry rub. What a stupendous depth of flavors!   Oh and try the eggplant side dish. It's delicious.  

                Five stars are not enough! My girlfriend and I had an amazing meal and the staff was really friendly and helpful. Love this place!  

                If you think this place is an Izakaya then you're an idiot. Decent chicken. Cute hostess. Other than that? Useless.  

                Fried chicken!!!! Kara age is my favorite thing ever, everything was amazing. The only thing I didn't really care for was the orange aioli. I love the pop-up aspect of it. I wish they would take card but I understand that they don't. Buy local! Eat local! Go here!  

                Love this place! Delicious food. The chicken is so good as are the sides. The 8 piece is definitely good fit sharing, especially since you can mix 2 different sauces. Oh, try the sangria!  

                ok I came here because I live nearby, love fried chicken and needed to be a bit out of Chinatown, and I read something too. They guy was nice to split the flavors on a 4 piece for me and I thank him for that.  This chicken is pretty great. It's so good I'm writing while eating.  Good. Great. Great great  

                Abura-Ya is Amazing.  The music is always on point. The price point is right where it should be.  The Japanese friend Chicken is always moist with that crispy finish.  The staff are one of a kind friendly.  The add on's are also amazing (Try the chicken oysters).  AND you can BYOB which is fucking awesome. And you don't have to wait in line for 2 hours.  

                Outstanding Japanese chicken and rice pop-up with lots of vegan and gluten-free options. Would recommend to any of my vegan/vegetarian brethren.   Don't miss the spicy pickles!  Oh yeah, it's cash-only.  

                I was convinced to try this place because of its high rating, but don't let that fool you. This place is not that great. The food is alright--how good the chicken is depends on which flavors you order. We tried the Japanese honey bbq and seasalt. The seasalt was bad, but the honey bbq was pretty good. We also ordered the avocado tempura, that was okay, really unimpressive.  The owner/cashier bribes each customer he rings up to write a positive review on yelp/facebook in return for free sangria. You have to show him your positive review on your phone, in person. So most people realize that writing a 4-star review (or lower) vs a 5-star review can be pretty awkward when you have to show the owner your review to get your freebie.  They also messed up my order. They send food out one entree at a time, and yell your name. I'm fine with that. Here's where they messed it all up: 1) kept calling my name when it turned out the food wasn't ready 2) they made the wrong food -- one of the cooks called me over for the avocado salad even though I had ordered avocado tempura -- they made the tempura 20 minutes later 3) they forgot one of my entrees -- when I finally went to pick up the avocado tempura, I asked one of the cooks about my honey bbq chicken, and he couldn't find my order.. He looked through the trash and found it. Yup, then DID NOT wash his hands and continued to cook the food that everyone (including myself) were going to eat. 4) took 45 minutes to get 2 entrees of chicken and an order of tempura.  Overall, a horrible experience.  

                This place is excellent.  Fried chicken isn't greasy. Its juicy and crunchy. The music selection is awesome.  The chef,  Adachi, uses organic local ingredients.  Its not too expensive. The salads/sides are refreshing and delicious.  Great for dates, take outs and for groups of friends.  Parking is EASY to find.  

                Awesome chicken. Loved the slider and the avocado salad. Great little spot with a distinct oaktown Vibe. Check it out!  

                Went here with some friends before a concert at the Fox Theater! Place was pretty great but a bit on the expensive side for the portions you get. Ordering was also difficult with a messy handwritten menu on a tabletop. This place is new so it definitely has some improving to do. HOWEVER the food was awesome. We ordered the eggplant salad which was alarmingly small for $5 but also really really good. We also ordered 8 pieces of fried chicken with rice which came to around $15. Once again a bit on the pricey side but also really great with a ton of flavor. I don't know if I would come back here unless I was in the area but definetely some of the best fried chicken I've had in a while.  

                This is stoner food, pure and simple.  Decent flavors, hot out of the fryer,, a little sloppy and in a funky environment.  The staff are enthusiastic and it's cheap.  I suspect if you're high, it'll taste super good!!!  I can kind of remember those days......  

                Seriously, tastey fried chicken. I tried the miso , bbq and teriyaki flavors. The miso was definitely my favorite. I will be back soon!! Oh Japanese Fried Chicken why are you so good?  

                Coleslaw was great, too. BBQ sauce amazing. Sake sangria good. cheese cake good. All gluten-free, pretty much.  

                Good stuff. My favorites were the fried chicken, fried tofu, and beets.  

                Man I love this place. The chef is a creative genius who likes to take chances and invent new things.  Their Beet Salad is one of the most delicious creations I think, I have never had anything like it. And what he does with Brussel Sprouts is genius.  And I have never had fried chicken like this before, its fun to choose from all the different flavor options. They also do some pop-up stuff at events around the Bay Area, sometimes serving "Kamikazee Dogs" which are totally unique and delicious.  The owner is a young Japanese guy with great energy who is into supporting local music.  My kinda joint!  

                Great dinner. Loved the Japanese barbecue chicken and the fried Brussels sprouts. The vegetable pancake was also great.  

                Delicious and cheap. Full meal cost my boyfriend and I ~$20. We got two yaki onigri, the chicken with bbq glaze and dry rub, and a kale daikon salad. Everything was was packed with flavor. My only gripe is that I wished the salad was a little bigger for the price. I'll definitely be back, though. Also, extra points for the free saki sangria. :)  

                Don't miss great Japanese-style chicken and sides at the new Aburaya. You won't get this anywhere else unless you go to Japan. And still owner Adachi-san makes it very Oakland. Vegetarian and Vegan as well. You will be happy you went!  

                dis some good ass chicken man  

                This was the best chicken I have ever eaten! I had the orange aioli fried chicken. My husband had BBQ and teriyaki and loved both. The fried rice was also outstanding. We also tried the tempura avocado. We were full before we could try anything else. We will go back and keep working our way through the menu. The chef and staff were friendly and helpful in making our choices. Can't wait to return!  

                I went here for dinner with some friends the other night. I think we tried most of the menu and everything was great. The chicken is fantastic and I love all of the different flavors (especially the dry rub!). It's very moist and not greasy at all. Prices are very affordable. The staff is super nice also. Overall great place. I will definitely be back.  

