                OMG!  Is it possible that Addendum's fried chicken has gotten better since last year?  Quite possibly!  We hit em' up on their 2015 opening weekend....yes Addendum is open again.  They actually opened on March 12th for their 2015 season.  Chronology aside, the fried chicken is damn good!  It's crunchy, juicy and flavor rich down to the bone.  No joke...this stuff is amazing!  If you've got a little doggie, bring'em with ya'.  Since all seating is outdoors, the folks at Addendum don't seem to mind if you're dining with your furry kid.  

                The second best fried chicken I've ever had. The first can be found at NYC's ABC Kitchen... mmm mmm mmm  Addendum is a seasonal experience. They aren't always open and they have very specific hours. I can appreciate the contrast between this and The French Laundry. Not that we needed convincing, but Addendum's chicken successfully shows Keller is not a one trick pony. He makes a mean fried chicken as well as a mean wagyu. All with his eyes closed I am sure.   We arrived and snagged a picnic table for our party of six. We then waited in line to place our order and waited some more to have our food delivered to our table. The chicken comes in a greener version than that of a typical styrofoam take-out container. I loved the finger lickin' good fried chicken and ate ALL of mine. The sides were disappointing though. I don't understand how the cornbread and potato salad could have been so underwhelming. How can this genius, legendary chef serve such boring sides to go with this spectacular chicken? It is because of that, I have to go with a three stars rating. As much as I loved the chicken, I don't think it's one experience I will repeat.   Happy I checked it off my list, but moving on to the next ones.  

                Stopped in Addendum on our way out of Yountville so we'd have lunch with us. Walked right up to the window around 11A and ordered one Buttermilk Fried Chicken meal to share.   We didn't eat it warm because we had one tasting in St Helena before grabbing it from the car but it sure was tasty! The potato salad and coleslaw were great. I think we enjoyed the coleslaw best and I never care much for coleslaw. Does the chicken really need a rating? I mean c'mon it's Keller's famous fried chicken! It was delish!  The outdoor picnic area in back of Ad Hoc is just perfect for a little lunch break. If most of our appointments weren't in another area stopping off here for lunch would be great but picking up and having it after a tasting also really hit the spot!  

                In a nutshell: Fried chicken and BBQ, with a cafeteria lunch line style twist.  Addendum (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/addendum-yountville-3?select=efCL9UvfmoH2qFst9pZdGA#ENMhL03jn3xq6gdKX48hfg">yelp.com/biz_photos/adde…</a>) is in the back of a restaurant called Ad Hoc...I see what they did with the word-age. Addendum is a small shack with two windows in what seems to be a backyard/garden style dining courtyard. The middle of the courtyard seems like it is used for weddings (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/addendum-yountville-3?select=efCL9UvfmoH2qFst9pZdGA#efCL9UvfmoH2qFst9pZdGA">yelp.com/biz_photos/adde…</a>). It's a cute little area. A bunch of friends and I came here on the morning or a wedding we were all attending at the resort across the street. We definitely opened up the place, and other than the occasional fly and yellow jacket flying around, we had a good time. It's only open Thursday-Saturday, which works out for the weekend warriors.  Parking 4/5 We showed up when it opened so there was plenty of parking, and Ad Hoc was closed.  Ambience 4/5 If you're not bringing your food back to your hotel, you get to eat on picnic tables in the garden.   Service and Wait time 5/5 Very quick. Sides are already prepared, and we got our entrees within a couple minutes of sitting down. You can contemplate buying a souvenir while you wait, too (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/addendum-yountville-3?select=efCL9UvfmoH2qFst9pZdGA#02Sd9r8FpOj6RemI6PmP3A">yelp.com/biz_photos/adde…</a>) (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/addendum-yountville-3?select=efCL9UvfmoH2qFst9pZdGA#FUs0L_q5LheD6ebO7UAAcg">yelp.com/biz_photos/adde…</a>).  Food 5/5 Here's the menu (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/addendum-yountville-3?select=efCL9UvfmoH2qFst9pZdGA#M4J-1G8FdRfcirLuFViNeQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/adde…</a>). The gf and I got both entrees so we could try them both.  Coleslaw (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/addendum-yountville-3?select=efCL9UvfmoH2qFst9pZdGA#RfR1SMaHHgdcZZ9Wngls7A">yelp.com/biz_photos/adde…</a>) - B This was alright . The radicchio was a little too bitter for my taste and overpowered everything to me.  Potato Salad (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/addendum-yountville-3?select=efCL9UvfmoH2qFst9pZdGA#FdNKEtNquyZKJ_h3zl1S0A">yelp.com/biz_photos/adde…</a>) - B Also not bad. A couple potatoes were still a bit undercooked and crunchy, but it tasted alright.  Cornbread - A Came with each entree. Nice and tasty, and fluffy!  Fried Chicken (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/addendum-yountville-3?select=efCL9UvfmoH2qFst9pZdGA#utmHwCATT09JQCvVrCHZwA">yelp.com/biz_photos/adde…</a>) - A Nice flaky breading, and the meat was tender and juicy. Came with three hefty pieces.  BBQ with Pulled Pork (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/addendum-yountville-3?select=efCL9UvfmoH2qFst9pZdGA#VZVOAfQHVZ_w__fyUZ36tg">yelp.com/biz_photos/adde…</a>) - A+ The star of the show. We made fun of the name because we thought it could've been BBQ sauce with a side of pulled pork, pulled pork with a side of BBQ sauce, or pulled pork in BBQ sauce. We were wrong. The BBQ was ribs that fell off the bone marinated with a dry rub of sorts. Yum. The pulled pork was cooked in a mustard-based sauce and was my favorite part of the meal.  Overall 5/5 Quick food, the food tastes great, the weather was perfect, and I was stuffed. Note: you can also order beer and wine here and get wasted before your next wine tour. No complaints. Definitely stop by this place while you're vacationing out here.  <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2FBomb.com&s=716853a54974befb18bd2a2079d876386c9ebd876290947c699fc1e3eaccf129" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Bomb.com</a>  

                This has been on my list of must go places since it opened...only problem is that they are not open in the colder months and limited hours and my last few trips to Napa have not given me the opportunity to go. This past trip I made sure to pen it into our itinerary.  I told my travel companion that the rest of the itinerary i made was tentative/optional and mostly suggested activities...this was the only thing that I absolutely had to do...I knew she wouldn't object since she is also my friend who loves BBQ & Fried chicken probably more than I do!!!  I ordered the food online..ahead of time..selected my pickup time and paid.  lunch entree (lunch only)...$16.50 select either  (1) BBQ (ribs) & pulled pork or (2) 3 pieces of Buttermilk fried chicken comes with honey cornbread and 2 daily sides, ours was a coleslaw and a bean/corn mix  we ordered one of each and shared..... i can't tell you which was better because both were so damn amazing!!! you need to bring a friend who is willing to share or you will be spending over $30 on a meal for yourself because you have to order both. The cornbread was amazing.... i really loved the sides...the slaw wasn't too wet (which i like )...so it may not be for you if you like sopping wet and fatty tasting slaw... beans were cooked to perfection and done very simple...you could taste the fresh flavor of the beans and the sweetness of the corn...but it was missing something...not sure cookies are available to purchase (and wine)...  need to come back!!!! it's a bucket list that needs to be repeated.  

                Agh, not impressed. Service was good, they do forget to bring out things you ordered so check your order if it is to go. It gets very busy and the food feels so over priced for what you get. The chicken was OK. I guess i expected more, i have had better chicken locally but this was NOT bad. A good experience to have, not a bad place. I just really expected better food, the beet side we received was slimy and served room temperature, i think it was meant to be served cold. The cole slaw was good.  Ribs were a bit dry and the food temperature was not all that great but i do like the picnic setting and the fact you can have a cup of wine on the lawn and ride your bike here and spend less than twenty bucks on lunch for one in Yountville (thats cheap).  

                Ad Hoc's little brother in every sense of the word. Situated behind Thomas Keller's Ad Hoc restaurant is Addendum: a small shack serving fried chicken.  There are several picnic tables throughout the backyard area for patrons to sit, converse, and eat. It's really quite quaint.  There is an old-timer, rustic feel to how addendum is set up. It evokes feelings of a family backyard get together with close friends over good food.    While I enjoy how addendum looks, the reason why people visit is fried chicken. Unfortunately, the chicken was a let down.  Having been forever spoiled by ad hoc's fresh, juicy fried chicken, there was something lost in addendum's translation.  Allegedly, addendum's fried chicken is "the same" as ad hoc's.  However, when I ate it, the chicken was cold, the batter was no longer crispy, the meat wasn't juicy.  There were flashes of TK's brilliance during some moments of the meal, but it was not up to par with its big brother.  If you're in the area or if you find yourself unable to visit ad hoc during its Fried Chicken Mondays, addendum will do in a pinch.  They're closed during the fall/winter months and open back up for spring/summer.  

                The fried chicken was simply amazing. Crispy exterior with lots of flavor and juicy delicious meat...what more could you ask for. It was a perfect quick lunch between wineries and everyone seemed satisfied with their meal.   The only caveat is that the sides are not great. But I was really only there for the chicken.   The picnic bench setting was also quite nice. I would recommend coming here at least once to try out the chicken.  

                Finally got to try the fried chicken and it was worth the wait. I would give the chicken 4 stars and the sides 3 stars. The sides were nothing spectacular. The potato salad was mediocre and the cole slaw was just that cole slaw. The cornbread was decent but I've had better.   But the fried chicken is definitely the star of the dish. The skin is nice and crispy without being too greasey. The inside is juicey and flavorful. I didn't get to try the bbq which consists of pulled pork and ribs but they did look good from observing other people's orders.   The line can get long at peak hour but it moves quickly. You go up and pay at the window and you receive your side items. The hot items, i.e. fried chicken or bbq is brought out to you when ready.   I'm a fan and can't wait to try the Ad Hoc restaurant next time!  

                The chicken is NOT A MYTH~!!!  Finally got a chance to try this.  Ordered online the night before and set my pick up time.  (Pro-tip:  If you set the pickup time for 12:30, don't arrive at 12:15 - it will NOT be ready any earlier.  The bright side is that your chicken is always hot and crispy)  It's in the garden area behind AdHoc.  Actually ignore my pro-tip and arrive earlier if you plan to eat there, since the prime picnic tables go fast - and if you don't want to be baking in the hot sun, you'll need to get a shade side table.  Chicken came out exactly at the pick up time.  They give you a thing with your name on it if you're eating there, and a server comes out looking for you.  It's expensive for fried chicken but worth it if you love the crispy goodness.  $16 gets you 3 pieces, a biscuit and 2 sides.  Cole slaw and macaroni salad is what came out for us.  The sides and biscuits were all solid.  But the chicken!!!!!  It was not greasy - but had that amazing crunch that you look for when you first bite it.  It had a nice buttermilk flavor and not overly salty by any means.  The meat was super tender and juicy.  Fried chicken always tastes good to me, so it's hard to say if it was the best I've ever had anywhere....but certainly an auto pick for top 5.  I will DEFINITELY be back.  Would want to try to BBQ, but hard to choose BBQ knowing that chicken is waiting!!  

                I think I had too much fried chicken this past week/weekend. And since I just ate fried chicken elsewhere recently for $9, I thought this was just ok. Everyone said it's "so good" or "must try" but this one is definitely a hit or miss based on your taste buds. Don't get me wrong, Addendum does have good tasting fried chicken, but I'm not sure it's worth $16.50 (even if you get a cornbread and two sides- in our case it was coleslaw and macaroni salad). The mac salad was surprisingly good though, I have to say.   I love the picnic tables around it where you can enjoy your food. I would recommend bringing your own drinks for sure, and order online ahead of time. It was great that we didn't have to wait when we arrived.  

                $16.50 for three pieces of fried chicken, a biscuit and two sides would be insanity anywhere else on the planet. But the fried chicken here is JUST SO GOOD.  Like, it's exactly as amazing as you'd hope it would be. It's crispy. Crunchy. Dripping with flavor in each bite. Rosemary. Sea salt. Crunchy taste.  The sides, sadly, are pathetic to the point that I didn't even finish them. The coleslaw was as good as plain lettuce and the mac salad was also shockingly bland. The biscuit was far better, but still not a stunner. Not that any of that matters. I'd have paid the full price for just the chicken and been just as happy.  I can't imagine that the full tasting menu at Ad Hoc could impress me any more than this masterpiece of fried glory sitting out back in a picnic area.  

                The fried chicken is the way to go!  I ordered my meals online, but it took forever and a day to get it.  Seemed like the line for online ordering and regular ordering was the same.  Only upside is when you order online at least your food is ready when you get to the cashier.   So do a tag team if possible, get in line for the food and send someone to search for a table. Don't forget your drinks! (we brought some lemonade)  

                Wow, the fried chicken was really, really good. I'm not a big fried chicken fan in general, because I am lazy. I like my chicken boneless and easily eaten with a fork if need be. This was done very well and I almost forgot about the bones.   It's not going to be the cheapest lunch, at almost $20 for 3 pieces and a couple sides. I was stuffed, though and feel like this is worth the experience.   Definitely get the fried chicken, it's much better than the bbq. That batter is ridiculous.  

                Overall, 3.5 solid stars.  Yay to finally check this off my list! I have had it bookmarked for years!  Okay, their 3 piece fried chicken were DELICIOUS!!!! Their sides were pretty decent as well.  However, I would def skip their pork ribs and pulled pork--I was completely unsatisfied. Nothing good worth mentioning.  Note, all out doors seating--we did have to fight off flies and mosquitos! I would def come back from some more fried chx!  

                The husband and I have family in Napa, and on our way to see them we decided to stop off for lunch here. Addendum is in the picnic area behind Ad Hoc restaurant, and parking is scarce so I recommend parking on the street and walking over.  Definitely a good idea to place your order ahead of time - we timed it so that the order would more or less be ready by the time we got there and when we showed up, there was a line of people waiting to order, but no one waiting in the "online orders" line. Score =)  We ordered a couple of ice-cold Cokes and two lunches:  1) BBQ, which came with a small rack of ribs and some marinated brisket (I think)  2) the AMAZING fried chicken.  Both orders came with honey cornbread, which had the texture of a cupcake (very moist, not crumbly at all which is my usual beef with cornbread) and an unremarkable pasta salad and coleslaw.  OF COURSE the fried chicken and smoky ribs were on point but I feel a little disappointed that the pasta salad and coleslaw were crap in comparison. If KFC can come correct, so can you.  HOWEVER! There is not much shade in the picnic area so if you are not lucky enough to have a picnic table with an umbrella or sit on the grass in the shade, bust out the shades and sunscreen and be prepared to swelter. Maybe the staff can take this into account during the summer months when temperatures are upwards of 90 degrees. More umbrellas please!  

                It absolutely pains me to write a 2 star review for Addendum. Ad Hoc is one of my favorite restaurants. I've been there several times and have enjoyed it each time. However, I've never been able to make it to Ad Hoc on a Monday night, so I was excited when Addendum opened and I could try Thomas Keller's famous fried chicken.  I've been to Addendum twice now. The first time I came here was a few months ago. I wasn't impressed by the chicken, but thought maybe it was just me, or maybe it was an off day. I went again more recently with a group of 7, and all of us were fairly underwhelmed. While texturally good and cooked well, the fried chicken was quite bland and under-seasoned. With the exception of the cornbread, the sides aren't anything special either. Certainly not a meal worth the $16.95 price tag.  Bottom line, I'll happily go to Ad Hoc again, but with all the good food to be had in Yountville, will steer clear of Addendum.  

                If you haven't heard about Chef Thomas Keller's fried chicken. You should.  You really, really should.  Addendum is an outdoor picnic lunch spot serving boxed lunches created at Thomas Keller's Ad Hoc restaurant as a way to appease the high demand for this one single dish.  It costs only $16.50 and you get a leg, a thigh and a breast with a piece of buttery cornbread and potato salad.  [Note: They are only open 11am Thursday thru Saturday and they close at 2 pm.]  [2nd Note: They do serve BBQ pork ribs and pulled pork but honestly, for me, the bird is the word.]  It's almost not fair to use the words "fried" and "chicken" to describe what this dish is.  We have all had good fried bird, bad fried bird and awesome fried bird but this... This should be the only place where fried chicken is called fried chicken because it is the way fried chicken should taste... always.  It's beyond juicy. It's beyond crunchy. The breading has the most wonderful rosemary flavor and somehow they have managed to marry that rosemary essence with the chicken as one.  It would be worth getting arteriosclerosis if everybody made fried chicken this good.  

                Had to try this much lauded, much publicized, much hyped Fried Chicken from Ad Hoc's Addendum.  I will have to admit that it deserves a lot of the praise. I can't say this is the BEST FRIED CHICKEN EVER, since I haven't actually tried all the fried chickens out there... but this is pretty darned good!  Fried Chicken - Brined for a whole day prior, breaded in herbs and spices, using only breast meat. It's pretty good all my itself.  Potato Salad - comes with the potato salad but this potato salad is a trio of different colored potatoes with a dressing so light yet still creamy enough  Coleslaw - very very good!  Cornbread - oh man sooooo good!  How to Order:  Go to the shack behind Ad Hoc.  Make your order. Really there are only 2 items in the menu so it shouldn't take that long.  You pay.  Find a spot in the lot like one of those picnic tables. Wait for your order to come in a large brown paper bag from Ad Hoc's kitchen. Enjoy!  Bathroom is available. On the way there you'll find their vegetable garden. I'm guessing they use these in the menu!  All dinnerware are compostable and disposable. Of course.  

                We've been to Ad Hoc a few times when they've served us their famous buttermilk fried chicken. So we decided to give Addendum a try! We got there at around 11 a.m. on a Saturday in the middle of summer -- so as you can imagine, peak season. There was a bit of a line when we got there (when we were leaving most of the picnic tables were full and the line was much longer, so aim to get there earlier).   We ordered a fried chicken lunch (one serving) for the two of us to split. It comes with three sizable pieces of fried chicken, cornbread, and two sides (for us it was baked beans and coleslaw that day). The sides were okay. I liked the cornbread. The chicken was delicious! But, not quite as delicious as the chicken we were served at Ad Hoc, which is why this place only gets three stars. Maybe it's because the food is served in a closed take-out container? I feel like the chicken wasn't as crispy or as hot as I would have liked it.  Otherwise, maybe we were just there on an "off" day. We polished off our food pretty quickly, so clearly we still enjoyed it.  

                YUM!!!!!! This was my first and favorite meal in Napa. We picked up a fried chicken lunch box and enjoyed a picnic lunch at Clos du Val. I love my fried chicken and Addendum does fried chicken very well. Well seasoned batter and moist meat. The lunch box included several pieces of fried chicken (plenty to share), corn bread, cole slaw and pasta salad. The honey cornbread was how I like cornbread - dense and not too sweet.  You also have the option of ordering the lunch boxes ahead of time online to ensure there's a meal reserved for you. Their online system worked well and we skipped the line of people who did not have a reservation.  We didn't eat there, but there is plenty of outdoor seating. The ambiance outside is pleasant. There's a mini garden, benches, trees for shade, and grass areas to sit. Great place to spend a day in beautiful weather.  

                ambiance: outdoor garden area with plenty of picnic tables and string lights. i wish my back yard looked like this place, very relaxing.  service: the line was a bit long when we arrived, but after we placed our order, the hot food was out by the time i sat down. i also like that they use your name and not a number.  food: after reading the yelp reviews, i picked the fried chicken (you only get two options, fried chicken or bbq). the chicken was fine, a little greasy. the honey corn bread was delicious, not overwhelmingly "honey", quite subtle. the potato salad was great, my favorite part of the meal. i liked that it was more stone mustard based than mayo. the cole slaw was "eh", nothing very special.  overall it was fine, nice for a big group and affordable in yountville, but i think i had set my expectations (for a thomas keller restaurant) too high.  

                The last visit I had ribs and pulled pork so I went for their famous fried chicken. It is damn good - the meat is super moist and tender and the breading is crispy and crunchy in all the right ways - but I could use a bit more of a flavor punch in the coating. Luckily, some hot sauce did the trick.  The sides were good but unremarkable. The food comes out quickly and the line gets a little longer after 12:30 on Saturdays.  

                As the 245 review I have nothing else to add ten what has already been said if you miss free ed chicken Monday at Ad hoc and are here on the weekend, make it a point to come.   Moist and delicious fried chicken with a thick coating that has a hint of fried rosemary it is everything I hoped it would be and more.   If you are thinking of KFC, don't! It's that and so much more!  

                Best chicken ever between the fried and the BBQ. The BBQ was falling off the bone with the pulled pork with a little spice, is very good. The fried chicken had allot of flavor and is very tasty.  We also really enjoyed the fingerling potatoes and the coleslaw was very light and refreshing.  Bring your own bottle of wine to enjoy during lunch. There is no corkage fee. :-)  There are several picnic tables whether in the sun or shade. This is a very casual and relaxing environment to enjoy great food outside.  You can order online or at the window but don't wait to long before they close.  This is a must place to stop and enjoy lunch. The prices  is only $17 per person and well worth it.  It is located behind the Ad Hoc restaurant. It also has some of their gardens.  

                Decided to drop by on our way home from napa. On a Thursday morning there were only two people besides myself when they opened. I was worried when their online ordering was down, but even at 1130 there is still little wait.   The chicken is amazing, caveat being you really need to like salt. It's been brined, but the residual salt is super up front. That being said, this is the juiciest chicken I've ever had. It is perfectly cooked as well.   Kind of expensive for what it is, but definitely worth it for the experience.  

                After hearing so much hype about Ad Hoc's fried chicken on the car ride to Napa, I was so excited to try Addendum. Unfortunately, I found it to be extremely underwhelming. Sorry, Huy D. I really wanted it to like it for you!  The food arrived shortly after we ordered. Awesome, they fried fast! Wrong! It was pre-made and sitting out for a least a few minutes. The chicken was warm, but the batter wasn't as crunchy as it should have been. The batter was also very salty and bland in terms of other seasonings. The chicken itself was very juicy. Hooray! The portions were acceptable, but I don't understand how three pieces of chicken and small portions of sides come out to $17. The price probably wouldn't have been an issue for me if the fried chicken tasted better. I did like the corn bread and slaw. The potatoes were carbs that weren't worth it. This next statement might offend some, but I've enjoyed fried chicken from chain restaurants much more than I did from Addendum.   There are several picnic tables around the structure. It's a very cute place to have lunch. Family, group, and dog friendly.  

                We got there at 11am and didn't have to wait more than a few minutes for the juiciest fried chicken of our lives. It was to die for. I'd love to be able to order this and have it teleported to me in San Diego. Seriously. I'd give a kidney to have some right now.  

                Very disappointed in this place. We were really looking forward to going to Addendum for lunch. We are on vacation to Napa and we drive all the way to Yountville just for  this restaurant only to find it closed for the season. On their website there is no mention of this closure and only that it is open thurs-sat. I find it rather ridiculous that this information would not be listed on the website.  

                Delish!  Crispy skin, juicy meat, very fresh chicken.  It's as good as it gets.    Sides of cole slaw and potato salad not very good.  Flavors did not compliment the fried chicken.  The corn bread was more like a light cake and bland.  Iced tea was lightly sweeten, not my thing.  Picnic setting was perfect.  We had excellent weather.  Going back for the chicken!  

                Enjoyed a brunch date here with my girlfriend on Saturday. We arrived a few minutes before 11am and were surprised the place was still empty. We both ordered the buttermilk fried chicken - very good!! The chicken was hot, crispy, and moist throughout, but a little on the salty side (we didn't mind). The side of potatoes and slaw were average, nothing special. Try their iced tea for something refreshing.  Didn't have to wait long for our food to be brought out to us from the kitchen. The patio area is very nice with redwood trees providing shade and different plants around creating a nice garden/woodsy feel. There are picnic tables scattered throughout, but only some have shade.  

                Prepare to throw down $18 for a fried chicken to go, it contains 3 pieces of chicken (drumstick, and 2 chicken breast halves), a very small bowl of potato salad and cole slaw, and a piece of corn bread. Pretty expensive for a food stand, but hey there was no line or 3 month long wait list!  The fried chicken is just as I remembered from Ad Hoc Monday nights. Choice young chickens, heavily brined with rosemary and salt, fried quickly in a thick buttermilk batter. What this equates to in flavor is a pretty salty, rosemary infused, juicy chicken. The buttermilk batter is thick, not completely cooked on the inside layer but crunchy on the outside.   I'm not a fried chicken guru, but I can see why people go crazy over this stuff. Personally, I felt it was a little too salty on the inside and wasn't a huge fan of this type of batter. I would highly recommend this to anyone who has been trolling for a spot at Ad Hoc for Monday Fried Chicken nights because surprisingly, the quality is just as good at Addendum.  

                I'm not often in Yountville on a Monday night to take advantage of the fried chicken dinners at Ad Hoc so I was really happy to learn that Addendum serves fried chicken in such an approachable, easy format.    The food shack is open Thursday through Sunday from 11-2.  Fried chicken meals are 3 pieces of boneless chicken (breast, wing, thigh) and accompanied by two sides.  On my visit, they were a fingerling potato salad with a mustard and mayo dressing and a very traditional coleslaw.  The meals also come with a square of cornbread.   The plates are delivered to you on the picnic tables surrounded by gardens.  It's really nicely done.  Lights strung up, birds on the walkway - it does feel like a picnic.  The food is pretty good.  The chicken is crisp and well seasoned and the meat was still moist.  We enjoyed, even if we weren't wowed, by the sides.  It was a bit pricey at $18 per meal.   Though I've had Keller fried chicken, I'd still leave room to try it again at Ad Hoc where I can get more interesting sides and an appetizer.  

                Since we can never make it to dinner to have Ad Hoc's fried chicken we were glad they opened Addendum which serves the fried chicken all the time. The fried chicken was pretty good in regards to moist, crunch and flavor. It wasn't the best fried chicken I ever had though. It's nice to sit outside and eat especially during the spring and summer months.  

                What can I say....  Keller's fried chicken is the BOMB!  I try to make it up to Addendum as often as possible (and I save up my calories).  The fried chicken tastes incredible.  If you haven't made it up for some chicken (and they do have brisket as well) this is a MUST on your culinary check list.  Keller uses biodegradable serving boxes and utensils.  Seating is outside and you just might see the sous chefs walk into the garden, harvest something and walk right back into the restaurant....the food is THAT fresh!  A+++++  

                Operationally this place is a nightmare.  We were one of the stupid ones that were tricked into thinking that if you pre-order online then when you get there your order will be ready for pickup when they say it will.  Unfortunately, execution of this process is analogous to that of a security line at SFO.  We received an email saying that our chicken would be ready at 1:03.  We got there right about then and proceeded to wait 45 minutes in the "Online Order Pickup" line while probably twice as many people walked through the regular line, ordered their food and walked away happy.  WTF?  Try adding more people, fryers, whatever the hell you need to to the Online Order line to that we don't get hosed by your ridiculously ineffective process.  That said, the chicken is amazing.  We were in Napa for a month and this was the second best thing I tasted in that whole time.  It is perfectly crispy, salty, juicy and just ridiculously delicious.  Don't even think about wasting your time with the Bar-B-Q. You could get better Bar-B-Q in Sweden.  

                Fried chicken was good.  The first bite was decent, but not great.  It does get better with each bit.  The ribs and pull pork looks disgusting.  Like a pile of _____.  And unfortunately, it did not taste that great.  The outdoor dining area was fantasic.  The picnic tables were great (but be careful when sitting on the benches, it will tip over).  Not sure what is the difference between 4 orders or chicken vs a bucket?  I was told the bucket is 4 orders.  So, why would I do a bucket when each of us can have our own container.  Oh, no plates were provided when we ordered the bucket for the four of us.  I guess the bucket get you more wings.  I think there were 3 or 4 wings in our bucket of 12 pieces of chicken.  Atmosphere:  5 Stars Fried chicken:  4 Stars Pull pork:  1.5 stars Ribs:  2 Stars  

                If you don't like this fried chicken, there's something wrong with you. Best anywhere in the Bay Area and beyond. The cornbread muffin was also amazing, and i'm not huge on cornbread. And the outdoor seating is just gorgeous on a nice day.  To the extent that there's any downside, i would say that the sides were a little lackluster. But who cares with that chicken!  

                I'm not a huge fan of fried chicken but Addendum's fried chicken won me over.  I came here with my family around 1pm on a weekday afternoon. Luckily there was no line and plenty of picnic tables available. We ordered the BBQ pork ribs and pulled pork as well as two orders of the fried chicken. The food came out quickly in a paper bag.  I really liked the crispiness of the fried chicken! It was flavorful and moist on the inside. The BBQ pork ribs fell off the bone but their pork items were not my favorite. I've tried better. Their corn bread was light and fluffy, but I felt that their cornbread could have been a little sweeter. Their potato salad could have used more flavor and their coleslaw was way too bitter for me. We also ordered water not realizing it was pricey at $5 a bottle!  I really loved Addendum's surroundings! The weather was perfect and the leaves were falling everywhere. The Fall trees and greenery made for a picturesque dining experience. Their prices are steep at $16.50 per meal, but the fried chicken is definitely worth a try!  

                We walked to the rear of Ad Hoc to get to the pleasantly, and befittingly, fall-themed Addendum to the small portable and the menu was pretty simple; you either get the fried chicken or the ribs with pulled pork.  As there was the inseparable duo that is us, we decided to order one of each and share, or at least attempt to.  As the orderer of the ribs and pulled pork I began shoveling down some bbq'd goodness (all of the food appears to actually be cooked within the kitchen of Ad Hoc).  The rib meat literally came off the bone with ease and left it completely bare; it was also really good!  The pulled pork was moist and very flavorful as well.  The fried chicken had excellently crisp skin with a hint of herbiness and flavorful meat.  The cornbread, which accompanied both of our eco-friendly packed box lunches, was dubbed by us as corncake because of it's sweetness and fluffiness.  The sides of mac salad and potatoes were forgettable, but we were already pretty full on the mains anyway.    This is the place you want to be for lunch in Napa on a Thurs, Fri, or Sat on a beautiful, warm, and sunny autumn day!  

