                Had a company event (catered) and it was soooo good.  The chicken souvlaki was out of this world, so tender and lots of flavor.  The gyros and salad were just as awesome.  I've eaten here before but never left a review, I haven't been disappointed yet.  

                Date of Visit: 3/2/2015 Overall Score: 65/100 Become a Regular (), Make a Visit (X), Skip ()  General Review: I had passed Agape Grill several times and decided to try it.  I got an order of falafel with a side of hummus.  This came with 4 falafels, hummus, pita, and cheese/olives.  Pros: -The falafel was fresh and delicious -Pita was good as well -Friendly staff  Cons: -The location is kind of hidden and easy to miss -The falafel was a bit overpriced for how much you got ($8 for 4 small falafel) -I could have used about 5x as much hummus with my order  Conclusion: I think Agape was decent and maybe other dishes were better.  But for me, there are far cheaper and more delicious Mediterranean places in the area.  

                Came here with big group of 30 people. I must say restaurant is huge Ambiance : Had few Mediterranean antiques along the wall. Other than that nothing much.  Service : amazing. Our server was excellent. Very friendly, quick and funny. Food: Quantity is big. I ordered falafel wrap and to my surprise it came with French fries. Who cares if it isn't  Mediterranean food  Falafel was tasty. Not the best I ever had, but good enough. Desert were bad. Price : About right for the food & service.  Decent  Mediterranean Restaurant. Good for large groups.  

                Had lunch here with a group of friends. Place is huge. Complimentary pita bread is soft but the dip it came with lacked salt. I got a chicken tenders plate with salad. There was a skewer of barbecued chicken that came with veggies and rice. The chicken was tough and lacked flavor. And there was a weird fishy smell associated with the whole plate. The rice and veggies weren't great either.  

                This is one of my favorite places for Mediterranean/Greek cuisine. My friends and I came here late in the evening, probably about 45minutes to closing, and they were very accommodating and prompt with food/drinks/service. The bartender knows some of the people in my party and kept us laughing as the cooks and waiters were closing! Great place, make sure to tip accordingly for the hard work/service you receive!   I ordered the chicken tikka wrap with a side of fruit and it was delicious! We had 2 refills of the pita break appetizer they give you complimentary and despite eating both of those, the waitress kept asking if we wanted more. Come here & try this place soon!  

                Came here for dinner on a Monday night, old manager chose the spot. Doesn't look much from the outside, but they have patio seating, which we enjoyed for a little bit but got cold quickly. They have a huge dining area inside, and sounds like they do receptions as well. Heard they started off as a catering business first.  Menu is pretty massive, ranging from wraps to entrees. They also start you off with pita bread (on the crunchy side) with hummus and an amazing olive mayo dip to start on the house. The olive mayo dip is to die for! Everything on the menu is reasonably priced, wraps are about $9 and my gyro entree was $11.  They also left us a water pitcher, but my glass must have not been cleaned well as it tasted like soap. Yuck, but ordered a diet coke which I was trying to resist.  I received a huge plate of greek salad, which was tasty, lots of olives, tomatoes, and feta cheese. Next came our entrees. Everyone ordered a wrap besides me, and I heard the falafel was a bit dry, chicken was good, and my gyro was great! Nothing out of the park, but the pita bread was fluffy and their fries....WOW. They were great and the olive mayo dip was the perfect complement to them.  For the price and quality of this food, this place was delicious! Service was attentive too, especially since it was pretty slow. Olive mayo dip...changed my life!  

                Came here for lunch with the recommendation from Sue K. We got there around 11:40am and there were four people ahead of us in line and only about two tables of 4 people being used. Order at the counter and then find your seat.  What I swallowed:  PARSLEY SALAD: Interesting, I thought, an herb salad. But it was a very refreshing salad, crisp with great flavors and a well-balanced vinaigrette dressing. I would order this again. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/agape-grill-sunnyvale?select=TqTsG0bRAS6MzRvcRHKCSg#pJo17l9Nx_bNU355fjrHdQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/agap…</a>  GYRO WRAP with fries: The meat was tender and had really great seasoning. The two huge slices of tomato I had were a bit thick and the tomato was not ripe (read here: green). Nevertheless, the wrap was very good and the meat was just perfect. The fries were crispy (without me even having to order them well-done) and the olive/mayo dip was on point. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/agape-grill-sunnyvale?select=TqTsG0bRAS6MzRvcRHKCSg#nTCh9WwcJCgwQCjBF2y1uQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/agap…</a>  BAKLAVA:  There was so much lunch I had to save this for later. The dough was still crispy and it wasn't super-oozing with honey, although it had just the right amount of gooey-ness. The filling wasn't too sweet but it was a bit crumbly. It was still delicious and the piece was a very good portion.  By the time we left (12:40pm), the line to order lunch was around 40 people deep so plan accordingly.  I really liked this place and I want to take The Canadian here (he's half Greek) to get his take on the food. Inside has ample seating and has really nice decor, I could see us using this place for a reception for a party or something along those lines.  Good call Sue K. Definitely recommended.  

                Here's a couple things I liked about this place before I get into the MAIN reason I gave it 5 stars:  1. The portions: I got a adana kebab wrap and that was one big mother! Boy I tell ya, I could have still eaten 2-3 of those things but they're way bigger than they normally are at other similar type establishments.  2. The lady: The lady who served me was nice. She gave me the feeling that I came over to her house. She asked me what I wanted to eat assuming that I was hungry and then went to whip it up quickly while I watched daytime television on her comfy, worn couch. (The last few sentences serve purely as a metaphor for the feeling that the lady gave me. There is no couch, there is no Price is Right.)  Now here's the reason I gave this here place a perfect score: The eggplant man, the eggplant. I was telling a friend that I'm going to try "Agape" for lunch and some random dude (who I learned later called himself "JB") overheard me and said "Try the eggplant. Get it on the side. Don't even think about it. I'm JB btw". So I did what I was told. And I suggest you do the same.  You're gonna wanna faceplant into the eggplant.  

                Went here with co works at lunch.  Had the lamb and chicken kabobs. They were well cooked but the plating was rushed.  Rice was mixed in with the salad, veggies looked like mush.     Took a good bit to get the order but nothing crazy  Over all had the plating been neat and clean I would have given 4 stars.  

                Good food in huge portions. Really friendly service.  Came here for lunch with coworkers a few times because it's right by my office. I usually get the chicken wrap and I really liked the rice dishes but you'll always leave with leftovers for sure.  

                How on earth is this place rated 4 stars??? Food here was incredibly terrible! Maybe it was a bad idea to come on a Wednesday night.  I had the fish tikka wrap with fruit on the side. Very very cold unripened fruit of your standard melon pineapple combo.  The wrap was just awful. It had only two flavors: spicy red onion and BITTER over cooked chewy tough fish. The tzatziki sauce added no relief. It was tasteless and cold.  My companion had the falafel wrap with a side of tasteless bland non-crispy fries. Falafel was just like the fries. Bland and mushy. Over ripe mushy tomato to top it off.  What a waste of time and money.  

                I love this place. The thing I like the most is that all the ingredients are really fresh and the garlic fries are to die for.  

                Our company uses Agape Grill for catering all the time, at least once a month if not more ...and we couldn't be happier. They are fast, professional, on time and incredibly accommodating.     The food is very tasty and served hot and fresh... I particularly love their beef kabob and the tabbouleh with it's hint of cinnamon.  A surprisingly wonderful twist on the dish.    The falafel is also crispy outside and soft inside and their flatbread is my favorite type.. soft and fluffy.. not like the standard pita you buy in the store.    Highly recommend...  

                This place would've easily got a 3.5+ stars if it weren't for our Beef / Lamb Tenders coming out so charred.  The complimentary pita and hummus was delicious, but our main entree was a disappointment.  What could've been great, ended up otherwise.  The salad was a tad bit too oily for my liking, but that wasn't my biggest gripe.  The tenders were difficult to eat because of all the burnt edges.  I don't know if it's cause we came towards closing or what, but being that there was practically no one else in the restaurant, I think you could've done a much better job grilling our meats and ensuring that our meat wasn't so burnt.  Food aside, it's tucked away in a random plaza behind all these business buildings and is less than half a mile away from Planet Granite.  At a glance, the restaurant looks tiny cause all you can see is the front counter when you walk in and a side of the place.  However, when you actually walk in, you'll realize that it is actually pretty deep in.  I'm sure this place does decently well considering there aren't many other restaurant alternatives within walking distance.  Don't think I will come back though.  :c  

                Lamb shank is outstanding, falls off the bone! Great with salad.  Everything I tried here is good from the falafel wraps to the kebabs.  

                Definitely coming back here when I'm craving some Greek style chicken. I had the chicken tender plate and the chicken kebab was so good! Perfect char,  seasoning,  and flavor.  Honestly the four stars are just for the chicken and the service.  The rice and vegetables that came with my plate were not memorable and the fries tasted like they were frozen.   In terms of service,  our server brought hummus and pita to our table right away,  filled up the water,  and checked in on us every now and then. Can't complain :)   I'll be back!  

                I came her for a team lunch at work. With all of the good reviews I was exited.   I am allergic to milk. I ordered the falafel entree explained my allergy to the waitress. She assured me my meal would be dairy free. There was a ton of feta in my salad. Even more than other people's salads at the table. The waitress didn't come back until the end of the meal for the check so I couldn't ask for a new one.   Good wise, I'd give it a three. The falafel was okay, but way too crispy and could have been seasoned more. The fries were bland.   I really don't appreciate restaurants that don't care about food allergies.  

                This is going to be the short and sweet review since the previous reviews and 4 star average really say it all.  Highlights, garlic fries with olive dipping sauce...still feel the garlic coming out of my pores two days later and I couldn't be happier!  Fresh and abundant ingredients with an average cost. Indoor and outdoor seating.   Worth a lunch visit if you are in the area.   Cheers!  

                Great food and friendly staff. We had the chicken and  falafel. Chicken was tender. The place is huge.  

                Lunch on my first day of work! Happened to be consulting for Fujitsu across the street, and stumbled in based on reviews and very glad I did. Great flavors, huge portions, freshness of food - my kinda deal. Rare for such a corporate area with only other sad small places to eat.  After ordering at the front you can seat yourself in the quite large open area, tons of tables and a bar. Water and pita with hummus is brought to the table (yummy!). Ordered the gyro plate which was HUGE as you can see in the picture. Comes with ~5 large strips of gyro meat with a white sauce, soft pita bread, salad that doesn't skimp on feta squares, and these great fries with an awesome garlic-y tzatziki dip.  Was so sad not to be able to finish (wouldn't have been able to anyways with the enormous portion but miscommunication made me think I only had a few minutes) but will try to go back again.  

                The food here was delicious, I had the beef pieces plate with seasoned rice, salad and a stew..was very good! The service was one of the best I've had, from upon entering the restaurant we were greeted and as we were eating, the waiter checked on us multiple times- didn't need to ask the waiter for anything- he just did itwhich is rare these days! I definitely recommend you going here and I will be back as well!  Tip: if you like your steak well done tell them upon ordering :)  

                I was never a fan of Greek/Mediterranean food until I found this place.  Now, this is my go-to place for Greek food.  I love their beef gyro and have that 90% of the time I am here.  Their hummus is pretty good, too.  When ordering the Beef gyro special, I like to substitute the fries for fresh fruit.  With such a huge plate of meat, vegetables and pita, I don't need the extra carbs.  From the outside, the place looks like a tiny corner store, a bit out of place in the industrial park where it resides.  However, the small outside seating area is the tip of the iceberg.  Not only is there additional inside seating, the restaurant occupies two building units and stretches all the way to the back of the building. This place can accommodate a couple hundred people easily.  Service is fast and efficient.  You order at the counter and get a number.  You get a number to put on your table.  Waiters bring you water and your free pita and hummus.  They take your number and bring your entree out in a matter of minutes.  For a quick, delicious lunch, this is the place to go.  

                Delicious food, but a little on the expensive side.  I got the Kafta kabob and then my husband and I split an order of baba ganoush.  Really enjoyed both of these dishes and I would definitely come back to try some more things on the menu.   Next time, definitely going to go for a gyro!  Definitely looked good and gave me serious food envy as I watched them bring it out to other customers!  

                I ordered Greek Burger from the specials today ( I go here regularly as it is next to my office) and I specifically asked them to do it WELL DONE. However, the patty was extremely raw and undercooked. I would hate to say but they lost a customer. I am not freaking paying $15 for a dead meat.  

                The food was excellent and so was the service. We ordered the mezze platter which was excellent. The meat was very tender and marinated very well for the usual Greek food standards. I loved the falafel, one of the best i have tasted, very crispy and well done! The restaurant has decent ambiance and warm service. Overall, I liked the experience and will definitely be back again to try something different!  

                Came here for a late lunch on a Tuesday afternoon.  There was only 1 - 2 other customers there at the time.  Saw their specials on the bulletin board -- so since I had never been here before, I decided to go with the Lamb Shank w/ vegetables and side of Greek salad.  I thought the lamb and the salad were excellent.  The veggies were just mediocre though.  They also bring out pita and hummus while you wait on your food.  Next time I eat lunch here, I wanna try a wrap or a sandwich.  

                The homemade pita bread & hummus could be dinner in and of itself!  Ordered the falafel dinner which was too much food, next time get the falafel combo! However I must admit the Greek salad was fantastic, and one really can't eat too much falafel, am I right?  Other reviewers are right the fries plus that olive mayo dipping awesome sauce is well... #awesomesauce  So if you're near Plug n Play, take a short stroll for an authentic tasty meal.  

                We got take out and the service was prompt and friendly.   The gyro, chicken plate, and fries were all delicious.  

                Came here on a Friday night and the place was packed. They had live Greek music and people dancing on the floor which was all great. The food though is average, especially the chicken tikka wrap and the chicken tenders plate. The chicken was bland, not fully cooked and not flavorful at all! The fresh pita and hummus is great.  

                **THIS IS REALLY 4.5 stars!!**  Tucked away from the usual food plazas and hidden among a bunch of office buildings is this little gem of a restaurant.   Although not the friendliest weekend hours (only open till 3 on Saturdays!!) its still worth it  -- for the food, ambiance, AND service.   Service: When my party and I first got there on a late Saturday afternoon, (1:45, yikes cutting it close there) we were offered immediate seating inside the restaurant. However, we wanted to enjoy the sun while eating so we asked to be seated outside. Despite being completely filled outside, the staff was extremely friendly and helped to set up an extra table for us. Even after all the trouble of setting that extra table and seating us, the staff seemed completely happy to reseat us when a table with shade opened up!   Food:  -FREE FRESH PITA. Omg. After being seated for the second time, we were offered a basket of freshly baked pita with hummus and a olive dip. IT WAS AMAZING. If I wasn't so curious about the other food on the menu I seriously could've filled up on that bread and dip. The bread was soft and warm on the inside, and the exterior had the perfect crunch. The hummus wasn't as memorable for me, but that olive dip-- I was completely enamored by it. I haven't even gotten to the best part-- they refill you on bread and dip! It took all of my restraint to save room for other food.   -Dolmades: I love love love that the Dolmades is so fresh, warm, and delicious. Unlike other dolmades I've had before, this one had beef in it. And it was oh so delicious.   -Biftekia: The fries in general, not my favorite but tastes GREAT with the Olive Dipping sauce. The Tzatziki tastes amazing with the biftekia itself. I love that they include the olive dip with pretty much everything I ordered! The biftekia was nice and garlicky, my friend had to order a plate as an entree all to herself!   -Agape Mezes: Ordered based on previous yelp photos of this dish--it looked so delicious. My verdict? Yes, it was amazing! The perfect dish for a first timer like me, I got to sample the fries, and different types of meat! The chicken skewer was not too dry, the biftekia was amazing, the Loukaniko was so so juicy and crispy, and the best part? THE LAMB. And it came with two skewers of it. The lamb was perfectly cooked-- moist on the inside and perfect char on the outside. Just thinking about it now is making my tummy hungry.   Overall, I would TOTALLY give this restaurant 5 stars, but unfortunately I did feel a bit sick in the stomach because of the amount of grease I ingested over all. I kept getting weird sick oily feelings, and burping up garlic for the entire night after this meal. I think the greasy feeling was not only from the fries, but maybe the olive and feta mix they include in every single plate. Also, the server was EXTREMELY nice and gracious but she did get one order wrong.. My friend ordered an entree of the Spanakopita, but they gave him an appetizer portion instead, so we didn't get a salad or fries. They also misheard and gave another friend an entree portion instead of an appetizer portion. Besides that though, I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience here and would definitely make the drive back out here to eat again!   Note: I DID hear the the vegetable side and the rice wasn't particularly the most amazing dishes, and that they were pretty forgettable, so if you can ask for fries with the olive dip instead! (:  

                Came here with my coworkers to find that the place is packed during lunch time.  We didn't have to wait long to be seated; the staff quickly took our orders.  I got a steak dish (forget name).  When it came it was a good portion that I didn't think I could finish it.  But the meat was so tender I just love it.  I will come back again to try other dishes.  

                This place is awesome for the amount of food that they give you.  The meat is well marinated as well. I got the gyro plate togo and it came with meat, pita for the meat, salad, fries, and an extra side of pita with hummus. I was a bit weirded out that the meat wasn't wrapped in the pita since it is a gyro but I guess maybe that's how it's suppose to be? I've never ordered a gyro plate before. I also asked for the Agape sauce since I read about it on Yelp. It was not spicy at all according to my taste and it's a bit like tomato sauce. A bit disappointing. The fries were not that great either.  I would come back if I'm in the area.  

                This is one of the best Mediterranean places in Sunnyvale.  The location is a bit out of the way, but the place compensates for that with better prices.  I have been a few times already and I am impressed by the quality and quantity of food for below $15 entrées. Their salads are always fresh and delicious. I have tried a chicken and lamb dish which were very tasty. However, be prepared to take half of the food Togo - portions are huge. The staff is also very friendly and prompt so they definitely deserve the 5 star rating.  

                Fruits- was not fresh, it looked very old.  Salad- I had a regular salad that came with my order. Good size portion. That was fresh. Love the dressing  Hummus with pita- it was very tasty. I liked it very much  Agape Lamb- it was ok. Not the greatest I had. Lamb was completely dried out. Didn't finish half of it. I threw it away.  Besides that, service was fast. Maybe I should try something else next time.  

                I had my engagement party here.  Wow! The place looked amazing and the food was so good.  The owner is very nice and easy going.  Everything we wanted, he delivered.  This place is the best anything from lunch/dinner to having events here.  

                Great place for large groups - they would even arrange tables to fit your fancy. The portions were big and meat delicious. Great place for lunch. Dinner crowd is a lot smaller which makes this a great place to go if you want a quieter place for a conversation.   Quality: 3 Service: 3 Cost: 3  

                Went to lunch with the colleagues after hearing great reviews, and was so impressed! I ordered the gyro plate and the spread sampler and both meals were delicious. The servings are more than generous. The staff was incredibly friendly and attentive. The space is really large and can accommodate large groups. I'll definitely be back. Five stars!  

                Come here for the amaaazing warm pita bread. The spread is so delicious and I can't stop raving about the french fries and the salad. I can never decide!   I love this place and I have cravings all the time! Don't cheat yourself, treat yourself to this place when you want greek food.  

                Tried this place for lunch hmm okay kinda experience. The pita was fresh and warm. Humus was outstanding. Tried chicken gyros - bland , dry and boring. French fries were soggy oily and tasteless. Pork sausage was way to salty. Chicken. Kabob ok. Beef kabob tasteless. Tea was nice and so was the tazatki sauce  

                Food is really fresh and good!! I came with my husband on a lunch date and wanted it to be quick one as I need to head back to work soon.  He picked this restaurant from yelp and wanted I give it a try.  We were amazed at the fast service and the food was freshly cooked! Loved it and would definatly go back.  

                Came here for a work lunch, the restaurant is quite big with a private parking lot. I ordered the lambchop which was pretty good. It was pretty well-seasoned and flavorful. The side fries were a bit dry. They also serve you pita and hummus and both were good.   The service was good. The waiters were pretty attentive and we didn't wait for too long to get our food.  I hope to return in the future to try their gyros!  

                I am new to the area and have set up shop in Sunnyvale on Stewart Drive.  I find the area to be severely lacking in quality locations for lunch, save one.  Just down the street from my office is the Agape Grill.  They serve Mediterranean and they do that very well.  Staff is always pleasant and prompt.  Only down side, being one of the few places for lunch in the area lunchtime is busy.  A hearty "thumbs up", but come early.  

                Service was great.  Mousaka was awesome and portions were huge!  

                Wow great joint!  Food was good, service excellent and prices where nothing to worry about. Really hit the spot. Only complaint for me is the chicken tenders. I'd rather chicken breast meat instead of dark meat .  

                A friend suggested this place during a lunch break. We came just after the lunch so there was plenty of indoor and outside seating. The indoor seating area looks really nice (more like a formal restaurant instead of a lunch hangout). Everyone was happy with their food selections and they only reason we couldn't finish out plates was because the plates had large servings. The prices were really good as well. I will be a return customer!  

                Had a business lunch here , very nice atmosphere. The place was packed!!  Order the grape leaves for am appetizer, gyro plate for dinner.   We also ordered the trio, hummus, eggplant dip and tzakiki sauce with pita.   Nice seating outside, very good waiters that were fast and efficient during lunch.  As for the food, excellent fresh ingredients , delicious!!  Will definetly come here whenever I'm craving gyro or Greek in general!!  

                I usually order the wrapped beef gyro and it's always perfect. I had tried gyros at a couple different places in Sunnyvale but agape grill makes it the BEST, or at least I think so.  The fries, YUM Pita bread, YUM Agape sauce, EXTRA YUM!    The staff here is really friendly and the food is delicious.  

                BEST. GREEK FOOD. EVER. I honestly can't get enough of this place. I've only worked with this place through catering, and the people are nice and on time (despite our office being in a very busy location). They have the best gyro ever. I always compare every other Mediterranean restaurant to Agape. The food is fresh, pita is fluffy and the purple sauce is delicious. I think the purple sauce is some sort of kalamata olive mayo sauce, but it tastes AWESOME with the fries. The price isn't too bad either. I haven't tried any other item besides their gyro meat pitas and the fries, but generally my co-workers all LOVE this place.  No other place can satisfy my Greek food craving than Agape grill.  

                Short story: Overpriced.  Long story: I've been here 3 times and I must say the food is great.  I've tried appetizers, entrees, and more.  But the portion size are for kids.  You are not going to be full and you'll end up going somewhere else to eat.  I'd recommend this place only if you're not that hungry.  

                Wow - this place was a great find! Came here for lunch with the office crew. I was amazed at how big this place is. Tiny ordering counter up front though, so there can be quite a line. I got the Falafel sandwich and fruit. Sat down at the table and we got fresh pita and hummus, which was so freaking good, best I've had. I was stoked on the falafel, nice and moist, great flavor. It needed more tahini sauce though, as I started using the left over hummus for added flavor. Pita was thick, and didn't break while trying to eat that large sandwich. Pretty cool place, will be back.  

                Greek cuisine? Check. Tucked away in a random business park? Check. Starts with the letter 'A' and ends with 'Grill?' Check. As good as Athena Grill? No.  Agape Grill has most of the recipe for emulating the success of Athena Grill except maybe the actual recipes themselves.  The food here lacks the depth of other Mediterranean restaurants in the area and just ended up being bland.  I will say that I thought the service was extremely friendly, and the space is suitable for very large groups, but its food left me hanging.  Maybe I'd give it another shot if I'm in the area, but only if I really have a craving for Greek food.  

                This is a pretty standard restaurant.  The food is kind of tasty but nowhere near amazing.  It's not every authentic either- it's kind of a fusion of a Greek and American grill, but it gets the job done if you're hungry and less discerning.  I never realized that fries were such a cornerstone of Mediterranean cuisine, haha.  Of the few times I've been here, I've tried the gyro plate, dolmades, and biftekia, which were all ok, but pretty plain and under-seasoned, and they got pretty boring after a few bites.  Entrees come with a big salad, toasted pita bread, and hummus as appetizers.  Plus the portions are huge for such a great price.  The location is pretty convenient- I always see people walking here to get takeout.  This place seems like it'd be very busy at lunch.  The outdoor patio is nice in the summertime, and the staff is very friendly.  However, last time I was here, there was this really weird Asian guy in a blue lab coat that would keep walking back and forth past the restaurant.  He even went in and told us not to eat here because it was a "bad establishment."  What a creep....  In conclusion, it's good if you're in the area- standard food but great value.  You WILL be stuffed.  And you WILL have leftovers.  

                I called Agape to cater a work event  and everything went great.   Their catering menu and simple and easy to order from. The portions are good and the trays come steaming hot.   I ordered the tri tip, spanokopita, lamb kabob, hummus and feta and olives.  The meats were cooked perfectly and flavorful the roasted veggies and rice that came with the orders were flavorful as well, they as much care into their sides as they do to their entrees. That is a rare trait.   The sides and dips were fresh, one of the best hummus variations i have tried.   I would order from Agape again. They are on-time and pleasant to work with.  

                I have eaten here for several years. I absolutely love this place. I have never had a bad dish. Today I ordered the Mediterranean Chicken salad and it was so yummy! I especially love the eggplant in it! Service is fantastic too!  

                I used to work nearby and I would always get lunch at Agape Grill, either take out or as a group lunch with my team.  They have plenty of seating area and you order then choose your seat.  I always get the gyro wrap, so good! I usually get the fruit but when I splurge and get the fries, they're amazing! They are seasoned and they come with this really yummy olive/mayo sauce. I would even go back for just the fries, they're that good.  

                Hidden gem in between office buildings!!! Came for a dinner date must say I was not sure where I was going!!! From outside it looks like a small cafe but it's huge lots of parking and seating!!! The servers were very friendly and welcoming. We got a gyro and kabab and they were both amazing!!! Thumbs up!!!  

                Filet plate is fantastic if you ask for medium rare, as I like it. It's also my habit to substitute fruit for salad, and the staff here seems to do this happily. Expensive, but worth it for a nicer than usual lunch. Small downside is that this restaurant is a dark large place without much ambience.  

                With pretty much no other walkable dining options in the vicinity, I could see how this place could be highly rated by the ignorant 9-5ers in the nearby buildings. However, if you have the chance to go somewhere else, Agape Grill is a place I suggest you avoid.  I came during lunch time, and the place was filled with employees from nearby buildings. Our order was quickly taken among the usual options you would see at a Greek/Mediterranean joint. Nothing special here.  One good thing they have here is free tea, which is essential when order a fatty dish. However, their tea selection at the time was extremely limited to fake holistic hippie decaf green teas. No black tea that you would usually see at a Middle Eastern place.  The food:  - Lamb Tender ($13): Grilled skewered lamb cubes served with rice and vegetables. We were served tiny pieces of lamb on one skewer that were barely even worth half the price of this. Also, they were red inside, which is how lamb kabobs should never be done. We asked our server to lightly grill them some more to get rid of this. In return, we got charred meat. The only flavor you could taste is that of burnt lamb. No marination, no lamb flavor, just char. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. They pretty much were spot on in every step it takes to ruin a lamb kabob. At least the rice was pretty good...  - Spanakopita ($11): A typical Greek pie consisting of spinach, onion, cheese, and eggs between filo dough. I've had plenty spanakopitas before and this was probably the worst I've had. The spinach felt like it was boiled down to the mushiest point possible before falling apart. The cheese is what gives the whole dish flavor, and it was barely present. A spanakopita should be well baked and encompass both the flavors of the spinach and cheese. Here, you just got overly-boiled spinach between two sheets of dough. Pretty much inedible.  The salad given with each plate isn't much better either. It felt like it was left over from the previous day. In order to hide that, it was DRENCHED in dressing.  There are plenty of other options for Greek/Middle Eastern food in Sunnyvale that are much more worth it. Agape can be easily skipped over without even trying.  

                Came here one evening for a quick snack. Very ordinary food bordering on bad. Service was good though.  

                I would like to give this place more stars because I liked the fries and the gyro wrap, but the mousakka that I ordered was cold. The first few bites tasted good, but as I got toward the middle of the dish it was cold and unappetizing. Also the taramasolata dip that I ordered was way too fishy. I'm a fan of taramasolata, but I have never tasted one so fishy and salty.  

                One of favorite lunch spots for the times I do not have to travel or work in the field. The is great, pricing is reasonable, and the service is friendly as well. I also like the fact I can substitute side orders for fruit or more salad since I don't eat fries as much.   The atmosphere is nice and I love eating out on their patio seating during the lunch rush. This place will not disappoint you.  

                Great local greek food. Always packed the alwayz into finding a seat there. Prices are 10 dollars plus. But im on a food day give you think it's okay. Food claudius pretty awesome too  Stay away from the half lemon chicken. But eat lots of their kabobs. Bon Appetit  

                After finding out Daphne's was closed I was still hungry for some Greek food. So I checked on Yelp and found some amazing reviews for a place I had never heard of or knew. It is the Agape Grill buried deep withing the heart of the northern Sillycon Valley!  I fortunately read all the reviews and got there as they opened for lunch.  A very nice asian lady behind the counter instructed us on how to order and took our order. My coworker place his as well and feeling pretty good I bought his lunch as well.  He ordered Dolomades and I tried Spanakopita. I think we made a minor error by ordering hummus as a smaller portion with refills comes with the entrees. Oh well live and learn.   The entrees are huge and come with a nice fresh side salad and a whopping pile of fires with their own dipping sauce. We had to have some ketchup to go with all the fires.  We both enjoyed our entrees and we were too stuffed to try any desert.   Looking forward to going back someday soon!  "Yasou!!"  

                AMAZING gyros sandwich!   Lunchtime draws a pretty big crowd aka HUGE LINE, so make sure to come in around 11:30-11:45. If you are stuck in the line, it does move quickly so all is not lost.   Beautiful banquet hall. Great food. Would be fun to host a birthday or office party here.   Recommend!  

                "Agápe" is one of the Greek words for "love," and in this case I think it fits!  My wife and I love this restaurant and even considered having our rehearsal dinner here.  :]  (On the topic of large parties... Agápe Grill can do reservations for big groups, no problem.  If you have 26 or more people, it's doable but with a fixed menu.  15% gratuity included for groups.)  I really enjoy the fresh warm pita and hummus, which are refilled free of charge.  No need to fill up on bread though, because the portions are very large.  They really load up the plates generously.  (My friend said his coworkers are never able to finish their lunches when they eat here.)  Agápe makes a great gyro, but I like to order the loukániko (Greek sausage) plate.  The sausage is flavorful and salty, served with fries and tasty cooked veggies.  Each entree ($10-15*) also comes with a nice salad: lettuce, cucumber, tomato, olives, feta, onion.  (I'm not into feta, but it's easy enough to avoid.)  *:  The online menu is a little outdated, but all the prices are still extremely reasonable (especially considering the massive servings).  The dining area is huge, and the waitstaff is suuuper nice and friendly.  I hear it gets busy at lunch time (because there's so many workplaces nearby), but we've never seen it too crowded for dinner.  Food:  4.25 stars Value:  4.75 stars Service:  4.5 stars Overall:  4.5 stars  Good food, good value, good service... what's not to agápe?  

                The food is delicious and authentic. The appetizers are big portions. You can have one as a meal. We over ordered. The staff is friendly.  

                I always get the chicken souvlaki here with fruit if I'm being good and fries when I don't give a f*** about eating healthy. So worth it! The dip they give you with the fries is amazinggg!!! My only complaint is that I always manage to get sauce all over me! The ladies in the office will order the dip sampler to bring back to the office from time to time. I could probably eat the entire thing myself it's so good.   They give you some warm pita bread and hummus while you wait. When it's busy you order at the counter and at other times you can sit down and someone will come over and take your order. I've always received great service here. I probably won't drive over here from home but when I'm in the area and craving Greek food this is always my spot.  

                It is surprisingly bad. How come a simple recipe can me made so greasy and burnt it is unbelievable. When you ask well done meat, it comes with 3mm of carbon layer regardless of it is chicken or lamb. French fries is soaking oil, salads are not always fresh. I am not giving any more chance to this place.  

                Agape sauce = Refreshingly delicious; the kind of taste that doesn't get boring.  Bite after bite of amazing taste that will leave you wanting more.  Their pita is so fresh, soft, and moist and reheats really well (with wet paper towels in the oven).  Their Salmon was seasoned really well but was a little dry for my taste (which didn't matter because I just smothered it in Agape Sauce).  Their Lamb Tender was perfect, not overcooked, not dry.  Seasoned just enough so that you can really taste the lamb and feel the textures of the meat.  The rice that they pair with some of their dishes is pretty standard, nothing too amazing which is good because it doesn't distract from the main course.  The vegetables are also, nothing too special but still tasty.  I go there for the Agape Sauce.  I order it by the pint and take it home and have it as a snack during the week :) the best!!!  

                The food here is your standard Greek food with a good quantity.  I have been here a few times and the service is always prompt and the restaurant spacious.  I have gotten the gyro and falafal plate numerous times.  I have had healthier and more refined Greek food elsewhere, but the food was satisfying here.    This is also a great place to go for climbers at Planet Granite who are looking for a restaurant within walking distance.  Either way, there is plenty of parking and I have never experienced a wait.  

                I love Greek food and I really want to love Agape Grill. Unfortunately I found the food just mediocre.   Agape Mezes (Appetizer sampler) - Sharing is highly recommended as there are plenty of food on this plater. You get lambs, chicken, beef Souvlaki, Loukanika, Biftekia and fresh cut fries. I didn't find any of the souvlaki too memorable. The chicken one was probably the better of all since it wasn't too dry. The loukanika was too tough and salty. Biftekia was alright but the fresh cut fries weren't crispy enough.  Falafel Wrap - I did enjoy the falafel here. They were quite crispy with a nice loose texture. The pita bread was nice too.  Samaka - They ran out of swordfish so they made it with trout instead. The texture is a bit dry and flavors were slight lacking. I have had better ones at other restaurants.   Service was very friendly and the restaurant looks like a great venue for group events since the dining room is huge. Food was just too average for a return visit.  

                Tucked away in the midst of Sunnyvale office buildings is Agape Grill.  This place is like the bigger, and more cavernous version of Athena Grill...  The menu items are almost identical, in addition to the method of ordering at the counter and getting your own drinks at the soda fountain or refrigerator.  Came in with a group of 3, and we all ended up ordering the gyro platter (pretty safe choice).  Lots of slices of lamb, greek salad, and pita bread... Definitely filling.  Overall, not as tasty as Athena, but sort of makes up for it if you are in a hurry, and need a place to grab some decent Mediterranean fare.  There's a parking lot also, which make this spot more accommodating as well.  I will definitely be back, since this place is so conveniently located to my clients.  Fast,  reasonably priced, and an overall good experience.  

                Tasty food and very good ambience.  The food is a lot and usually end up overeating or leaving the food.   Gets loud during lunchtime and very busy.  

                I've been to Agape a few times, but my last take-out order a couple weeks ago was below par... wilted/brown lettuce and the meat was a bit over-charred, on both dishes that I ordered.  Overall didn't taste too good.  Hopefully it's a one time thing, and not an indication of a decline in quality...  

                Nice people running the place. Open seating and plenty of it even with the large lunch crowd there. We were there around 12.  Bread is fresh. Don't like olives, but my coworkers loved the olive dip.  My fav was the greek yogurt and dill. :)   Ordered the chicken gyro plate. Pretty tasty. The chicken seemed like maybe it was grounded and made into thin slices? Some of it was a little overcooked.  My coworker had this sampler plate. I think the beef was delish! Maybe next time I go with a beef based dish.   Dessert: great baklava! Not overly rich, just the right amount of sweetness.   Wonderful hints of orange and cinnamon.   We were always checked on, which is great considering how big the place is.  Thumbs up! I'll be back for round 2.  

                Agape Grill is just fantastic. I can't get over the friendliness of the staff (family owned). Their falafel wrap definitely passes the vegetarian test. Be sure to wash down your meal with some authentic chai.   But the restaurant is nice. Outdoor seating is nice. Food is good, service is great. I honestly have no complaints. Pita bread and hummus to get you started. Yum!  

                Tried this place for the first time yesterday because I just moved offices and this place is right by where I work. I've had a couple of Mediterranean places and most of which were not that great, but this place change my perspective on Mediterranean cuisine.  First off, this place is a lot bigger than it looks. I thought it was a small little cafe type place until i went inside and turned the corner and it was like a banquet style room that stretched all the way back.   Food came out so quickly that I think it was pretty much ready before we even sat down! And it comes with complimentary pita bread with hummus. Yum.   Almost filled up on the pita bread instead of my actual lunch haha, which was a gyro wrap. Meat was tender, veggies were fresh, the wrap was nice and soft and it came with seasoned fries and hummus which was deeeeelicious. Definitely coming back here. They hit everything on all cylinders. Speed, room, quality, everything was fantastic! Great first impression.  

                Warm pita with a garlicky humus. Love it. Nice insalada with olives and feta cheese. Fries are yum. Lamb chops great. Veggies a tad overcooked but taste great.  

                Their portions are fairly large, but their prices are not cheap.  For meat dishes (lamb/steak etc) they always seem to overcook it despite asking you how you want it done.  So if you want medium, go for medium rare, although I don't know if it makes that much of a difference, it will be close to well no matter what you select probably...  The highlight for me is their creamy yoghurt almost purple sauce that comes with the fries.  This is great for dipping.    Its a pretty busy and loud place, so get there early if you want to get a good seat and don't expect to have a nice romantic lunch with peace and solitude.  

                What a great find!   I needed to grab lunch after being in the area and Yelp led me here. I arrived just at noon and the line was about 5 people deep. Not bad..  I ordered the gyro wrap with fries. So yummy! The meat is really juicy/tender and they give plenty of it! The pita bread was warm and soft, and I like that it didn't get hard after some time. They give plenty of tomatoes and tzatziki sauce. I would highly recommend the wrap!   The fries were also really good but I didn't care for the olive mayo dip they served with it. That's just my preference, though. I hate olives!   Service is super friendly and nice. It does take a while for the food but it's worth the wait!  

                Absolutely love this place!! The food amazing!!! Best in the Bay Area, if you have not tried it you're missing out : ) highly recommend! -Rita taryorn  

                This is pretty hidden in Sunnyvale. It was fairly good and fairly busy. It seemed a lot like a fast food joint inside a normal restaurant. But it was good. I'd go back again. They had really really good service and their pita bread is amazing.  

                Located in the middle of many businesses, this place is busy during lunch.  Long lines are prevalent.  The lines are an indication of how good the food was. I ordered a standard Gyro plate which came with a large helping of fries.  Food tasted great and left me very full.  

                While the taste of the food was not bad, what I received for 11.94 was not worth it. The falafel plate: A round of pita cut into 4 triangles, 3 or 4 falafel balls, equivalent of a medium fries, 3 small plastic ramekins of dipping sauce (no labels). And a small bag of, you guessed it, more bread cut into tinier triangles along with another ramekin of what I think is hummus. Not exactly the veggie dish I wanted. Maybe our definitions of veggie are different. Though there was a small side salad to pair all of the bread.   I will try a second time to see if other dishes are better.  

                This place is located in no man's land in an industrial area of Sunnyvale. Just keep driving down Stewart and you'll see it.  Larger than I expected and the place fills up fast. Came here for a work team event for lunch with about 15 - 20 folks. They were able to accommodate us all but you should probably call in advance to reserve such a table.  Ambiance is nice and the food is pretty darn good. I mentioned I'm a big eater and we shared appetizers and I had an order of lamb and beef Slovakia. The portions were excellent. Decent pricing. The meat was very tender, I think i'll definately will be thinking about this place next time when I go for Greek.  

                We came here for lunch on a weekend and despite the odd location, it was a good experience.  I met a friend and we picked a place between where we both were so when I arrived I was a bit surprised (not knowing the surrounding area super well).  I think is is probably much busier during the week as it is located near a lot of offices.  We sat on the patio and had a nice lunch with good service.  I don't think I'd want to eat inside, but the small terrace fit the bill.  Food was good, but nothing special.  I had a chicken pita and a side salad.  

                One of my favorite places for greek food! Gyro plate is delicious!  

                3.5 stars but rounding up for the solid Mediterranean food from Agape Grill. They cater lunch at my company every so often, and everyone seems to enjoy the food. I especially like their hummus and tzaziki, which is thick and creamy. Their gyro meat is very flavorful, and the chicken souvlaki is always cooked perfectly and very moist. Their pita is also great- chewy but still soft. I also really like their olive oil oregano vinaigrette that comes with the Greek salad. My only complaint is that their falafel is a little on the dry side. I will have to check out the actual restaurant one of these days!  

                Ordered the chicken tender for lunch. The chicken was nowhere even close to tender. It was hard, overcooked and was charred and burnt. I could literally smell the carbon when the plate was brought to the table. The chicken portions were very small for the $$ price of the dish. Highly disappointed. I had high expectations from this place.  

                Awesome Mediterranean food! This place is hidden in an array of office buildings, but I was surprised to see that the restaurant is a good size! We had a party for 30 people in the back of the restaurant and there was plenty of space available for other customers to sit. We did a buffet lunch for $20 per person and it came with falafels (which are crispy and delicious!!), beef and chicken kabobs, vegetable moussaka, rice, vegetables, salad, hummus, babaganoush, and pita. The food was delicious! In addition, we received great service throughout the lunch.  I can't wait to come back for more falafels. They were popular with our group. YUM! My hubby enjoyed the leftover kebabs. He said that the meat were delicious.  

                My friend and I went to this place for lunch. The restaurant itself is located in a peaceful neighborhood and there is a parking lot next to the restaurant.  We ordered the Lamb wrap and Fish wrap at the counter and took a seat in the outdoor seating patio. All the wraps come with a choice of fresh fruits or french fries. Within a few minutes we were served complimentary pita bread and hummus. The pita bread was warm and fluffy; just the way I wanted it to be. Soon, our meat wraps were served.  The food was great and service was fantastic. The outdoor seating area was definitely great! Certainly intend to return.  

                Great variety and delicious food can be found here.  There is a lot of different Mediterranean food can be found in the area but Agape Grill is definitely distinct in its own right.  Make sure to ask about their daily specials which are not listed on their menu.  Their desserts are excellent and you should definitely try all of them out.  The restaurant is large and has music on some days.  So far I have only had  lunches and pickups from here but I really want to come here for a dinner with my wife.  

                Went here Friday night with two friends. Service was friendly and fun, and the restaurant has a great vibe. It's super clean inside and nice, and they also have a more casual outdoor dining patio in front. One of my friends I was with is getting married next weekend, so we were catching up on wedding stuff and celebrating. The waiter and bartender congratulated her and gave us some free drinks, which was an added bonus. The food was fantastic. The garlic olive dip is delicious with the fries, the pita is warm and fresh just the right consistency, and the hummus and pita they give as a free starter are delicious. I had the gyro plate and it was huge. I took half home and had it for lunch the next day. I can't remember what my friends ordered, but they shared a plate and loved it. I will definitely be back.  A note to the owners, move your open sign down about a foot! When the umbrellas are open, they cover the sign until you've already driven past. My roommates and I think about coming here a lot as we're driving home, think you are closed, and then see the open sign after we've already passed by.  

                This restaurant is a spin-off from the very popular Athena Grill in Santa Clara. You will even find some of the people who used to work at Athena over here now. This restaurant is pretty much identical in terms of food, taste, and price to Athena Grill. Then again, I always get the mazas sampler from both eateries so take that last statement with a slight grain of salt. The only reason why my default choice is to go to Athena Grill is because it is the original authentic Greek restaurant in the South Bay and is also smaller and decorated with Greek art, which makes it more homely and cozy. Of course, that fact also means it is crowded all the time, but nevertheless, it is more pleasing to me. However, Agape Grill is still amazing and I would definitely come here if I am not looking to deal with the crowds at Athena or I'm in the nearby area.  

                Love the moussaka here and the fries and the lamb wraps and the quantity of food.  Yummy, yummy, yummy.  I also love that they give free grilled pita and dip as appetizer.  

                I ve been going to this place since they opened. Had my wedding there too. Honestly this place is getting better every day. The service is great and the owner is very nice and friendly.  I would absolutely recommend this place for the Greek food lovers since it s the best in the bay area.  

                Never a dissapointment when I go. The service is always friendly and prompt. I would say the best place for greek. I always leave satisfied. GREAT food,great service great  portions, go there,now! You wont regret it  

                We just happened upon this place at around 11:50 AM on a Thursday.  Not having ever been here we were not aware of the fact that you grab a menu and stand in line to place your order.  It is deceiving because the dining room  has a rather "formal" look .  It was no biggie, just a bit rushed when we were not familiar with the menu.  By the time 12:00 rolled around we had our drinks and lovely pita and hummus.  The line at this time was growing at an unbelievable rate.   The food was A+++ out of this word fantastic!!  I am hooked and crave the food on a regular basis.  The staff were great, the service was super fast.  Just beware.....it's delish and a lot of the local techies know it and choose it as their lunch destination!!  

                Since I started working a hop and a scotch away in Sunnyvale a couple of months ago, I've been checking out the place in the area. Which you can say...the neighborhood is devoid of places to eat, if you're lookin for a quick fix. With Subway and MickeyDees nearby, there is so much fast food one can handle. Neighborhood is all commercial with a splattering of a few major places, such as Frys and Lowes.   I found this place tucked, smacked in between two commercial buildings. It looked a tad like heaven on earth with the umbrellas and tables in front. Food was delicious, as I was tired of the standard "Order by the number" fare. I had the gyro plate and baklava which made my eyes, stomach and tongue all sync with each other and go "Okay, that was all good and it is time to take a big fat nap."  

                We came here for a work function and we ordered the shrimp plate. It looked amazing and was sure it would taste just as good but when it arrived I could barely pry the shrimp out of the shell. With no extra time my co-worker said let's just eat it and man it was worse than cracking crab and not to mention it was lacking in flavor after all that work. The calamari was also very doughy and not edible. So disappointed.  

                Very good food I like the beef tenders and I love the agape sauce on everything.  The people working there are wonderful.  

                Really good food, nice beers (Mythos) & wines (Nemea).  Lunchtime, it gets really crowded in a hurry, so be there early.  The portions are more than generous, so order reasonably.  Agape Dip is to kill for!  

                If you take Athena Grill's menu, add a larger dining area (and thus no long waits), and food that tastes just as good if not better than you get this place. Stopped going to Athena after I discovered this place because it just took way too long to get lunch at that place.  Weekday work lunches are usually pretty unmemorable. There's a limited amount of time, and not too many places serve quick amazing affordable meals, but the last time I ate here I left thinking "Wow that was a really good meal". Ordered the chicken plate with vegetables and rice. I'm usually not a vegetable guy; ask my gf she'll confirm that I'm not a fan for anything green, but the vegetables here were so well done and tasty that I finished everything on my plate.  I"ve tried a couple of other meal items here; chicken tikka wrap, lamb wrap etc and they were all really good.  Can't go wrong with this place.  

                Came here for lunch and this is the best Greek food I've had. Such a deal and such great food.   I'm getting hungry just typing this review. =)  

                My visit here was on a Friday evening at the end of a long business trip. Given the surrounding area I'm guessing Agape has a huge lunch clientele. On Friday evening, it was as sedate as the office building parking lots surrounding it.   The interior is clean, Classical Hellenic. I had falafels (nice hint of lemon, not bitter), which were served with steamy pita triangles. The chicken kebab plate with stewed vegetables (perfect carrots; crisp, not mushy) and rice all hit my sweet spot.  

                Order the gyro plate was very good.   Can't beat the amount of food for the price. Very quick service.  

                I came here again a few months ago, and have to upgrade my review. This time I ordered the biftekia plate, since I remembered that was one of the better tasting dishes from the last time I was here.  The service was pretty slow this time and the place was mostly empty, so I don't understand why the service was slow. I do have to say that the food tasted better this time around, but that could have been because I already knew what the better items were on the menu to order. The fries still tasted soggy though.  

                This review is for their catering only, not for dine in service.  We get catering from here often, and Saba is great!  I have never been so impressed with catering from a Restaurant before. He was professional, on time, remembers my name, and not to mention, the food is so tasty! We usually get the chicken kebab, salad, pita, falafels, beef gyro with tzatziki and hummus.   It is definitely a great deal for the amount of food you get. My office loves when we have Greek food for lunch and always leave happy, full and appreciate that its a bit healthier than other options out there.  

                Agape is like Athena's little brother.  He tries to be just like big sis but is just never good enough.  And by Athena, I'm referring to Athena's Grill in Santa Clara.  I don't know if the two are affiliated but the menu looks similar, the purple garlic dip is almost identical, and even the cabinet liners they use for place mats are the same.  What isn't the same is the quality of the food.  With the lamb souvlaki, Agape doesn't stuff it as much as Athena's.  Given we probably shouldn't be eating too much anyway, it's also missing the amazing tzatiki sauce that usually binds together the meat with the bread with the veggies.  However, the lamb was sufficiently seasoned and was really fragrant with the different spices.    They also don't give as many fries.  Come on!  If I were their parent, I would say "Agape, how can you ever expect to measure up when you don't follow Athena's methods for success?"  If Agape wanted to set its own path for success, it wouldn't have mimicked Athena's so closely then.  You either make a name for yourself with unique food or make the same food much better.  

                Food is good, but a little pricy.  

                If a place serves great lamb, I'll automatically give it 4 stars or above.  I ordered the lamb tender. The portion was very generous. The entrees come with a salad, which was fresh and tasty. I really couldn't complain about it even if I wanted to. But it is just a side salad, to be fair I was not that impressed with it either. The lamb itself was very good. A little bit overcooked, but still tasty and flavorful.   One thing worth mentioning is their bread and hummus. I could just eat that until I'm full. Also they have a pretty big menu. All look interesting enough to make me want to go back again.  

                Great portions but ive had better falafels. Bit dry and stale. All else was good. I will go back and try the rest.  

                Great food, even with the lunch rush, the service was fast. Very good meat! The staff was very understanding of my food allergy and advised me on things I should not order. I highly suggest eating here.  

                The people who run Agape are the absolute best! I found this place last year when I was planning my 25th birthday and I had originally planned to go to Athena Grill which is on the other side of Lawrence... BUT! The guy who runs Athena (since the original owner left) is a d*ck, so I did my research and (thank goodness) found Agape.  The party went over so well that my dad celebrated his 50th birthday there later in the year.  I come here at least once a month for lunch, and slowly all my coworkers have discovered this place as well. I know the CEO of our company regularly brings clients here, too. :)  I always get the lamb shank (when it's available) or the dolmades. The pita bread is always warm and yummy and I can tell that (especially when it's quiet in the restaurant) that the food is made with care.  The lunch rush is intense but it also fades out pretty fast and all that's left is the delicious food and the friendly company of the owner and his family.  

                When you get here get a menu, choose what you want to eat, order and get a number.  Once you sit they bring you hummus, pita bread, and water.  Then they bring the food when ready.  Greek food, Greek sodas, Perrier, Orangina. Dolmades (5) were nice, warm and plum.  Spread Sampler (4.5) with 6 different dips was very good. I had the Fatoush salad (4) (tomato, cucumber, parsley, mint, onions, romaine cut very small with olive oil and lemon) was very good, I added a lamb kabob and it was better.  They also have Greek coffee, if you ask they will bring it to you after the meal.  They lost our order but once they realized it they made it quickly, and at the end they brought us 3 Greek coffees, and 3 desserts Ravani (Lemon Semolina Cake) on the house.  The plates are big. They have nice seating area outside also.  

                A very serviceable place.  The dolma is good, the chicken kebobs are even better.  The complimentary hummus and pita is an added bonus.  

                Best greek food in the area? I think so...  

                The food is good. Bring cash only. I've been there twice and had my credit card skimmed twice immediately after using it at this place.  

                I just went here yesterday!  Everything looked delicious on the menu. Service was fantastic, we ordered and got our food in a decent amount of time. I'm glad my friend remembered this restaurant. It's bookmarked in my phone now!  I got a beef swarma wrap, and it came with fries + warm pita bread & hummus. Mine was delicious. Their fries are a bit like In-N-Out, freshly cut and fried. My friend got a glass of orange juice, but didn't like it for some reason.  The place looked a bit dated, but was well color coordinated and clean. They even had outdoor seating, though it was raining yesterday.  

                Agape Grill, what do people usually look for when they read these reviews?  1st of all, I want to say Agape Grill is run by a very nice, and generous family who knows how to cook amazing Greek food. I went here for the 1st time after hearing about the amazing food and boy was it good. The Gyro and garlic fries w/ the Agape special sauce is amazing and to die for.  If you go here I recommend the Gyro, straight down, it's amazing!  The service is amazing and it's not as crowded, which sucks because it is an amazing place to eat at. And since it's not so crowded, the service is amazing! They tend to you and care for you.   2nd, I would like to add the environment of the place, is just amazing! The decor is absolutely stunning and it looks like they are adding paintings on the empty blue wall panel.   The location of this place is in a rural company area, which is why it is not as crowded, but that doesn't stop it because it gets crowded for lunch time. Go for dinner! It's better, I hear they actually serve you during dinner time.  During lunch you order in the front and pick up in the front.   I would definitely recommend this to everyone! And every other review certainly agrees. Amazing place, its an A in my list.  

