                Lot's of low-carb options. Skewers were good. Price was very reasonable.  

                Ate here for Saturday night dinner with the parents after a recommendation from a family friend. Worst mistake ever.  Right when we opened the front door, I smelled that yakitori/grill smell--the small restaurant was FILLED with this bbq smell. If you're sensitive to smokey smells, I would advise you to bring a mouth mask--yes, it's THAT smokey. Arrived a few minutes after it opened at 6PM and the hostess immediately told us that we would have to finish eating by 7:30PM because of the next reservations. That was the first turn-off of the night! I understand you want to make money and maximize your sales, but keep that information to yourselves!   We sat at a small table next to a couple of large parties, and our server gave us some steamed towels to wipe our hands--that reminded me of my childhood days when airlines used to hand us warm towels on international flights! That was such a unique part of their service that made me smile. The room is very small, I'd say with a max occupancy of less than 50 people. During dinner time, the atmosphere can even be described as romantic/intimate, but we had little kids in between our table so the environment was quite family-friendly.  Food-wise, we started off with the daikon mochi balls (friend's recommendation), grilled squid, and sashimi salad. After we realized that the plates were on the smaller size, we told another server we wanted a bowl of ramen as well. The Japanese food here is legit, I will hand it to Ajito...meaning that they do lots of small bites and detailed preparation for their food. Ajito is a small business with what I would describe as "well-crafted dishes" and small bites--I wouldn't recommend coming here if you were on a budget and starving. Portion sizes here are small and definitely not your Americanized type of sushi place.   Speed of service and organization are the main points I need to highlight during our experience. Our small sake also took a while to be delivered at the start of our experience, and every plate we ordered came out after 5 minutes of waiting...not bad! I totally understand because the plates are created with care and detail from the chefs. However, after we had the chirashi salad and the mochi balls, we sat at our empty tables for a WHOLE 30 minutes until we finally asked a frantic server (there were 4 servers running around the small shop, but none of them would pause to tell us what was going on with our last two dishes!) what was up with our grilled squid?! We reminded him that we also ordered a ramen and kindly asked if he could check the status of our orders. He promptly brought over our grilled squid and told us that we never put in an order of ramen :\ that was a disappointment.  It seems like everybody else here has had great experiences with Ajito, but I'm not gonna sugarcoat my service-lacking dinner. I was pretty bummed that my parents were not satisfied with this place, and we all agreed we wouldn't come back here again. Ajito seems like a place for people who don't mind waiting around for their food, having lots of drinks/down time with other diners. But if you're in a rush, or are super hungry...you will definitely be forced to wait and probably wonder what's up with your orders. Pricing is on the higher side with our salad being $9 and small sake at $7, just as examples, but I will say that their quality of foods is pretty great. Too bad service that Saturday, and the flow of the experience was totally not okay.  

                You know it's a good sign when 90% of the customers are Japanese.   Very quaint and cozy. The waiting area is very awkward because it gets so crowded after the two seats are taken. It's difficult for people to walk through when there are even two people in the waiting area. There were three four tops open and three different parties waiting in the area so service was a little behind. I think this could have been avoided considering that we all had reservations.   Hot towels are a nice touch.   1. Beef tongue - soft, perfectly seasoned it's not what I expected tongue to taste like. Texturally it's like thinly sliced beef.  2. Japanese omelette - slightly sweet, light, reminds me of soufflé because of the consistency.  3. Salmon and avocado tartare - flavor explosion! A must order. Chips are thinly sliced and pair perfectly with the tartare sauce.   4. Tail (skewer)  - chicken tail. Not bad considering I have never had tail before. It's just a little fat and cartilage   5. Breast, wings, gizzards, thigh (skewers) - all boring. I got them salted  6. Liver and heart skewers - love it, especially the liver but I'm a big fan of liver. If you haven't already had it, I would recommend trying it here because it's just a small order and it's pretty smokey and sweet. The liver taste isn't very strong  7. Monk fish liver - pretty good but I've had better.   8. Skin (skewer) - oh hell yeah  

                Came by for dinner the other night and there was plenty of parking in their private lot. We were seated immediately upon arrival without reservation.  Salmon Tartare - Chips tasted homemade and fresh. - Salmon and avocado were both fresh. Soy sauce was unique!  Miso Cod - Flavorful and fresh. (Iroriya has a better charred taste!)  Fried Oysters - Medium sized oysters and delicately fried. Decent  Chicken Soup - Bland and tasteless...skip  Chicken Karaage - Very and flavorful. - Perfectly fried with side of lettuce, broccoli & mayo!  Ramen - Okay. Nothing spectacular  Salt Wings - Okay. Chicken was fresh but again, Iroriya has a better charred taste!  Green Tea Tiramisu - Decent but didn't taste super fresh.  Interior is pretty basic. Service is very good by the staff.  ~$33/person after tax and tip.  

                After a failed attempt to go to Gaku down the street, we decided to try out another place that I had bookmarked for quite some time.   Let me start off by saying the service here is really friendly and prompt! Kudos to our waiter. Now onto the food. They don't have a lot of skewer options on their menu. Now with that being said, everything we had here was pretty good. My favorite is the extra crispy chicken skin, miso black cod, and salmon tartare (a MUST GET). Yummmmms! The other items, I thought they were pretty good but nothing too special. The chicken hearts and the wings were a little dry for my taste.   Yelp checkins get 10% off their first bill on Tuesday or Wendesday!  

                This could be my most favorite Japanese restaurant, that is also run by Japanese, which is not very common, in the Bay Area.  Ordered: Salted chicken wings yakitori - juicy and not burned Spicy chicken wings yakitori - juicy, not burned but too spicy for me Salted chicken thigh yakitori - juicy and not burned Salted chicken breast - dry and not burned.  Its plum sauce was too sour for me, but the Orange creamy one was yummy Soboro rice - too dry and salty Chicken and egg porridge - yummy but too small Gindara something - delicious but way too small Kaki Fry (deep fried oysters) - only 4 medium to small sized oysters  Too bad, yakitori here wasn't served with the special sauce like Yakitoriya in LA.  I think it's a mixture of wasabi with mustard - very spicy but super delicious.  Servers were very friendly and spoke like a native .  However, hot tea was never refilled unless we asked for one.  1 star was deducted because the portion was kinda small here, but the price was decent.  Will be back for their fusion menu.  

                I was craving some good Japanese food so we decided to come back to Ajito.  We started with the skin and gizzard skewer. Gizzard was still good, but the skin was not too tasty. It was very crunchy and difficult to eat.  The sashimi salad had salmon, tuna, yellowtail, and mackarel with mixed greens and a delicious dressing.  The black cod was not too sweet. It tasted like it was steamed and not seared.    The salmon onigiri and chicken onigiri was next. The salmon onigiri was more traditional, wrapped in seaweed with a decent amount of salmon in the middle. The chicken onigiri had fried rice on on the outside and it was a bit too tough. I liked the salmon onigiri, but the chicen onigiri not so much.  The soboro don was excellent. Tastes even better than I remembered as it was less salty and more flavorful.   At this point we were quite full, but wanted to finish it off with a half size ramen. The broth was really good although I would consider it more chinese than traditional japanese ramen. The noodles were thin and the one piece of chashu was slightly tough.  I'm glad the food prices here have stayed the same and I would gladly come back here to eat more.  

                I personally really really like this little tucked away in a random ish alley Japanese restaurant!   Their skewers and plates are definitely on point. The two times I've been here, I've been absolutely delighted by all the food dishes!!! It is my favorite place for chicken skin for sure. I have never had chicken skin as tasteful and crispy as the one I have here. It literally just melts in your mouth as you crunch it. Aah. So good. My mouth is salivating at just the thought of it. Aah! Speaking of melting in your mouth.. THE MISO BLACK COD.. So good. It really really melts just like butter in your mouth. Oh man oh man. And I really like starting off the meal with their salmon tuna avocado tartare with their homemade potato chips! It is so flavor packed and a nice starter to the meal! Sooo goood.   The atmosphere is very Japanese! If you come a little before dinner time when the whole place isn't filled yet, it is really quiet. Like dead silent. I'd feel like everyone would look at me if I spoke a little louder than my library voice. But as soon as dinner kicks in, it gets louder! Service is nice! And you get hot towels in the beginning!!! Diggin this place.  

                A great yakitori and tapas place with a friendly, casual atmosphere.  I like that you can order family style or each person can get their own individual items. The prices for the chicken skewers seem to be around $3-4 on average, which doesn't seem like much but it can quickly add up.  It's a great place to go to catch up with friends, after work with co-workers, or if you're looking for a family friendly place.  

                This is the first Izakaya that I tried in South Bay. Ippuku in Berkeley is my favorite restaurant, so I am drawing from previous experiences here..  The skewers are great. I prefer the salt option for flavoring over the sauce, the sauce didn't impress me that much and was perhaps too heavy in some cases. Great beef tongue, great gizzard, and the udon and ramen were good orders too. The food came out very fast, which is a big plus when you're sitting in a restaurant where the smells are just wafting freely from the kitchen and other tables (being a grill and all).   I think the atmosphere could use some work, but the food is good. The Chicken Kara-age was juicy but reminded me of Quickly's popcorn chicken. The grilled squid was good too! I wish they used some better spices than the supermarket S&B spice.  

                5 star service. Super friendly awesome staff. Quick service.   3.5 star food. Not my favorite izakaya in the bay.  Highlight was the beef tongue. Almost everything perfectly cooked. Low point was food was rather bland and flavorless. Yakitori (salt ) light on salt and char flavors. Would only return for the great service.  

                Food was high quality and costumer service was EXCELLENT!! Would definitely go back!!  My boyfriend said that there ramen was good but lacking in content.  Over all food was delicious.  

                A decent Japanese place, that specializes more in tapas than sushi. We tried their rice bowls, their beef tongue, and their ramen. Nothing stands out in particular. Also it was kind of hard to get refills for water, which can always be a bummer, particularly if the cups they serve you are small.  

                I went here with my boyfriend after work to avoid the traffic going home.  We ordered the yakitori set and extra on the side.  We love the gizzard, tails, and SKIN! Also we ordered Japanese sausage and the black pork sausage.  I'm not a fan because they tasted like Costco hot links.  We also get the monk fish pate.  It was fresh and yummy.  Tasted a lot like goose pate.  Our favorite was their green tea tiramisu.  So simple but yet it hits the spot.    The bill came out to be 90 dollars for two.  We had couple rounds of yakitori and food.  My boyfriend also had a whole pitcher of Sapporo.  Not too bad.  Will definitely will come back again to try their other food!  

                Good food, small place. Had some yakitori, it was done very well, altho I cannot tell the difference between the regular chicken heart and the special chicken heart....their beef tongue was splendid as well as the service. It can however runs a little pricy.  

                HIGHLIGHTS: -  Saba (mackerel) pressed sushi -  "Special" heart yakitori  Food:  3.5 stars Decor/Ambiance:  2.5 stars  Everything here was solid yakitori fare, but not amazing. There were a few things they did pretty well though, such as the "special" hatsu (chicken heart) yakitori. We asked the waitress what made the "special" heart... special. She basically said it was smaller and juicier. And yes, there was a "regular" and a "special" one. A whole bunch of terrible thoughts went through my mind about how low-grade the "regular" parts must be. Then I started to think about just what exactly I was eating here, and I decided to stop thinking about it. Bad idea in a yakitori joint. "Special" heart it is! We ordered one with salt and one with the marinade sauce. Both were great.  I was also surprised to see Saba (mackerel) pressed sushi. I really like this Kyoto-style dish, and not a lot of places have it because not everyone likes it. I love this dish though, so it's something I would go back for. That's pretty much the only reason I would trek down to have dinner at this crowded hole-in-the-wall on Bollinger.  

                If I had to name the best restaurant I've been to since moving to the Bay Area, Ajito is definitely at the top of that list. I have visited a couple of times, and each time, my experience left me feeling like I've died and flew to grilled bird heaven. *Chirp, Chirp*  This place is quite surprising, being a small restaurant located in a subdued strip mall. Most tables were empty even for a weekend night. Their menu is simple and not as extensive or creative as other Yakitori places. Regardless, I think Ajito excels at their Yakitori!  Prepare to be adventurous when you step in because Ajito offers every edible part of the chicken:  *Chicken thigh - a must try! Juicy and flavorful. *Chicken breast - good, but I prefer their thigh. *Chicken heart *Chicken gizzard *Grilled whole squid - got this every single time, they are just so succulent!  *Potato octopus balls - get this if you love takoyaki! *Chicken skins - my favorite! pro tip: always ask for extra crispy.  *Black pork sausages - delicious! *Crispy chicken donburi - not a favorite; more so of the sauce they put on top of the chicken. I would stick to their yakitori items. *Chicken karaage - bland and nothing special. *Yaki onigiri - so yummy, definitely different than the yaki onigiri I've had from Dan or Tanto. These are perfectly crispy, sweet on the outside, and on the inside, stuffed full with delicious minced chicken - so. good.   All their Yakitori are grilled to perfection over charcoal heat (no burnt marks or burnt taste on the meat) then sprinkled with just the right amount of salt. To allow patrons to fully enjoy their edible works of art, each skewer is served one at a time.  Tips: *Stick to ordering only the Yakitori. *Their 10% yelp check in offer is valid for dinner on Tuesday and Wednesday only.  

                I came here yesterday for lunch with my epicurean sister and cousin. Ajito is good for me because I don't eat pork or sashimi, and their specialty is chicken anyway. So I started to yelp again three weeks ago after a year abroad in Japan, and I think Ajito is better than 90% of what I had there. The servers can speak both English and Japanese.  We had a great time at Ajito because the food was excellent and the service was gracious. I ordered the Mackerel set meal while my sister had the Lunch Special du jour, which was a chicken katsu with an eggplant curry. The chicken katsu was succulent, and nicely fried. My cousin got the best though. She Tori Karaage I think, and it was phenomenal. The skin was crispy, and the meet inside was marinated. I have not had better karaage anywhere else!  My mackerel was also so good, I almost ate the skin. All the set meals during lunch comes with miso soup, rice, and salad. The soup is translucent like water when the bowl is still, but becomes opaque when you mix it, like it should be! The rice, even though it's just white rice, was no ordinary grain. It had moisture and was pleasing on the palate. And then the salad was also good.  Our server was attentive and always gave us more green tea when we ran out. I would definitely come again, but for lunch only, which is between 11:30 am and 1:30 pm. My cousin commented on the painting of blimps on the wall, and how she wanted it. Even my epicurean sister liked it, hence the five stars.  

                Very good experience.  Food: good value for price.  I like how they serve the black cod in miso. Good portion for the price.  The rice balls could use a bit more filling, but still was very tasty.  Chicken soup slightly bland, but still quite delicious. Beef tongue was awesome.  Atmosphere: a bit crowded, but so is every other good japanese place in this area.  Service. Great.  

                Came here on a Friday night for a late dinner (8pm-ish) with the family. Place was full but no wait. There were a number of parties that arrived later throughout the night and they were all seated immediately as well. Decor is cozy. Staff is courteous but slow.  Onto the food! We ordered: - Salmon avocado tartare: saw the reviews and saw everyone getting this. Yes it's so delicious! 5/5  - daikon Mochi agedashi: fried Mochi balls in dashi broth. Mochi was softer and less chewy than expected. Decent but wouldn't recommend. 3.5/5  - Ike kara (fried squid): this is a whole squid but presented like calamari where it's just a jumbled pile of squid. Really delicious, love the batter. 5/5  - Momo (?) chicken steak: chicken thigh in this amazing garlic butter teriyaki sauce. It was so good! 5/5  - Lettuce cups: the minced chicken and filling was substantial and nice quality but the sauce was missing a certain zing factor to it. 4/5  - Yaki udon: stir fried udon, while al dente, was super bland and overall boring. 1/5  - Ramen: again not amazing, their noodles are relatively hard and there's not much in terms of toppings. 2.5/5  Overall would probably come back to try more items!  

                Denied entry for dinner at Tanto by 45 minute wait, we try our luck at Ajito instead. What? No wait here! Getting there, there's a small lot that was pretty full but we get our spot. Inside, it's pretty straight forward in terms of decor. Not all fancy with wood panels like Gocchi and such but functional nonetheless.   The menu here is mostly starters and appetizers plus a selection of noodle and rice dishes. This is food for drinking but not exactly izakaya.   Grilled cod with miso (on their specials board) - Umami taste of sweet, salty all in one. Cod is nice and tender with slight smokiness from the grilling. Best of the night.  Daikon mochi agadashi - little fat discs of delight. Crisp on the outside from deep frying with daikon and mild chewiness of mochi inside. Dipped in soy sauce for saltiness.   Ground pork stir fried with lotus root and served with lettuce. Mediocre dish. Don't kill me if I say the version at PF Chang's is better. Yes, sad but true.  Cheese risotto - This is unique in that the risotto is mixed in a huge block of cheese in front of you then served. Bits of bacon and lots of cheesiness. Taste like a carbonara but with rice. Still, second best dish of the night.  Service was generally prompt but you have to flag down the wait staff as they mostly fly by. Lots of Japanese people in there so that's your measure of goodness. Another plus is they offer a small selection of gluten free items on the menu (kids too).  

                When we entered, the whole place smelled smoky, which was due to Japanese BBQ / Yakiniku and no ventilation was used.  That was the bad sign of a restaurant and failing to meet the Japanese standard. Service was really slow and we waited 20+ mins for yakiniku and once we got it, the food were warm to cold!!    The only positive side is kids menu was good, and the plate came with Hello Kitty plate.  

                I had high expectations for Ajito, but the food was just okay. We started with the salmon tartare which was good, although the potato chips were a weird/unnecessary garnish. Karage was crisp and juicy - probably the best dish of the night. From there we ordered a bunch of chicken skewers, including thigh, heart, gizzard, cartilage. The textures were different, but I started to feel like I was just eating the same thing over and over. You can opt for your skewer to be salted or glazed in sauce, and I couldn't really tell the difference when we ordered both.   We also ordered the whole grilled squid and the hamachi kama, both of which I enjoyed much more than the chicken.  

                We love this place because the food is yummy and the service is pretty good. The ramen and dons are decent and the kebabs are amazing. I also like how they have the 10% off with yelp check in. This place is slightly pricey, but on par with other Japanese places. I'd highly recommend this place.  

                "Izakaya for the chicken lover" that would be my slogan for them, since they only have one beef skewer and that being beef tongue.  We ordered so many things i'll just list and rate.  Beef tongue - 5 stars - very good and juicy  Chicken thigh - 3 stars - good, but again no charcoal flavor Crispy chicken skin w/ ponzu special appetizer - 3 stars - fried skin Takowasa - 4.5 stars - first time having this, was awesome. Okra skewers - 2 stars - okra was very slimy, maybe suppose to be like that? Shishito peppers, sauced - 3 stars - lacked any sauce flavor Mochi balls -  4.5 stars - served in tsuyu soup base, tasty  Sake sashimi - 4 stars - very fresh, good sized slices.  We also ordered a large hot sake of which had a super long name that I couldn't pronounce.  It was $20 for a large, but the large is really small like around 300ml.  To give our server credit, she was able to pronounce the 14 character name of our sake with ease.   We received excellent service here, and overall it was a good experience.  Oh damn you get a hot towel when you are sat like back in the day, i love those towels such a nice touch.  

                If you eat chicken, this is the place you might want to check out.  The food here is decent but somewhat overpriced in my opinion, there are a few entrees on the menu that seemed like it was sloppily put together. But overall the service is great and the grilled meats were delicious. I particularly liked the Chicken skin and chicken gizzards.  

                Nothing here really blew me away. Everything was okay, but not great. The yakitori was a little over-done, missing that good charcoal smoke flavor, and comes out a bit room-temperature. Other dishes are okay, but it can't compete against some of the other better izakayas throughout the Silicon Valley. Their service was wonderful, though!  

                Ajito is on the other side of Bollinger across from Home Depot.  It's a small place tucked in a non-descript strip mall.  This place appears to be a favorite with the Japanese.  Our visit was on Valentine's Day, so it may have been especially crowded.  Nonetheless, I would recommend reservations or coming at opening time.  We went at opening.  The place was full within 30 minutes.  Ajito leans more towards yakitori and grilled tapas.  They don't really have sushi rolls.  The salmon tartar with avocado and homemade potato chips was a nice effort.  The contrasting texture of the crunchy chips and the smooth avocado and sashimi is a treat.  Unfortunately, the potato chips were too salty and the sauce was a little too sweet.  Both overwhelm the salmon.  Try using something lighter and unsalted, like a tortilla chip.  The seaweed salad was very good, light and refreshing.  The chicken yakitori thigh was tender and juicy.  It was definitely the best part of the meal.  The pork belly with daikon was dry and lacking in flavor.  For a meat that is essentially pure fat, this was a surprising disappointment.  It could use a sauce to liven up the flavor.  The yaki onigiri was decent, though just a tad too cripsy.  I think it only comes stuffed with salmon.  It would be nice to offer the same choices as the non-fried onigiri: salmon, plum, bonito flakes, or spicy cod roe.  The yaki udon was very tasty with lots of vegetables.  Finally, the grilled, whole squid was not very good.  It was served plain with just a tiny dollop of Kewpie mayonnaise, plus some other condiment.  It was dry and bland.  I would not recommend this dish.  All in all, it was not a great experience but not bad either.  There are still plenty of other dishes to try, so we may give it another shot.  

                The boy and I went here last week for dinner. Silly me, I thought we could get by without a reservation, but he insisted we call. It was Saturday and I called around 6:30 to make a reservation for 7:30. Luckily I did call because they were quite busy and suggested that we make a reservation for 8. It was good because when I got there, their dinner rush was just leaving and opening a spot for us.  I wouldn't know what authentic Japanese food is, but from the boy's account who just spent three weeks there, Ajito is a pretty good restaurant that resembles that authenticity. We were served with warm towels to wipe our hands (and face, if you choose to) and from what I was told, is what they also do in Japanese restaurants. The menu had quite a selection from rice dishes to sushi (none of those "fancy" rolls, the legit stuff) to noodles to yakitori. The boy and I really liked yakitori, so the ordered a few skewers and tried some interesting ones like the chicken heart (not the special heart, but regular heart) and the beef tongue (not yakitori style). We also ordered the chicken karaage and the moriwase. I was really, really interested in the risotto when I saw another table being served from a giant cheese block, but I resisted as I knew we had enough food.  Everything was really tasty. I loved the sashimi and the skewers. The chicken hearts were an interesting taste - a little chewy, but I hear that it's supposed to be since it's a muscle. The beef tongue was also good, but I had my own personal qualms about eating tongue. It just feels weird to have tongue on my tongue! The boy said the karaage was better than Orenchi's karaage, so that's a plus. The chicken skin was also pretty good too.  The experience was quite nice up until the end when I wanted some dessert. For some reason or other, they were out of the green tea parfait AND the green tea tiramisu! The only two desserts I wanted to try! Ugh! We settled for ice cream instead and while it was tasty, it still wasn't a parfait. Oh well. Maybe next time?  Our server was also pretty good - at least in the beginning. He was willing to help out and answer any of our questions. He was really attentive and made sure we got everything and didn't have concerns. After all our food came out... he kind of disappeared. I had to rely on other servers to help with the refilling of my tea, dessert, and the bill. I don't know if it was standard practice to share all tables among servers, but it felt as if he was tending to us until he wasn't.  I definitely think we'll be back someday to eat here. It's yummy! (Can't remember if it was affordable because I didn't look at the check. lol oops!)  

                I tried the fried oysters from the lunch menu: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ajito-cupertino?select=fCvapciqF877gHee8aRhdg#fCvapciqF877gHee8aRhdg">yelp.com/biz_photos/ajit…</a>  Several problems: - I don't recommend the fried oysters.  It's probably traditional Japanese style, but it's not as good as New Orleans style fried oysters. - The sticky rice was overcooked and mushy. - They don't offer any yakitori items during lunch: that stuff is only available at dinner.  I also tried the green tea tiramisu: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ajito-cupertino?select=fCvapciqF877gHee8aRhdg#f0X5TiYaghExqQW_mPA1Jw">yelp.com/biz_photos/ajit…</a> Terrible: it had almost no green tea flavor, and there was no contrast between the whipped cream on top and the cake layer on the bottom.  Japanese pastries are known to be "less sweet", but this was nearly flavorless.  A total waste of $5.50  Basically, the most disappointing meal I've had in recent memory.  

                we rent for a late dinner at around 8:45pm. Not too bad for yakitori, except they should twist the menu a little bit, not of the items aren't too clear in terms of quantities...we almost ordered 8 pieces of sausages as one order got 4 pieces.....the minced chicken pouched egg don was something I thought they can twist a little by putting salmon roe on it.   I was expecting more favorite on their chef's special chicken skin dish...but we both thought the yakitori was better compared to the dish.   Anyway, not a bad experience afterall.  

                Came in here for dinner. Wasn't very impressed given the high ratings here. The yakitori was under-seasoned, too dry, and too highly priced for this quality. Happy too see a yakitori place open up in the area, but hope they can improve the yakitori.  

                Wow, where do I begin.  So I found Ajito on Yelp after learning that one of my favourite Japanese restaurants, "Dan" on Saratoga was fully booked up on a Sunday evening.  After reading the reviews here, I went to Ajito with high expectations but was sorely let down in the most unexpected of ways.  To be clear - the food was really good.  Not exceptional, but definitely well above average.  How Ajito racked up several negative stars from me comes from their disorganized front of house and lack of empathy for good client service from several of their staff.  The best way to describe my poor experience is to retell it chronologically.  After my party of 4 sat down, we waited 10 minutes before anybody came, and they had 4 servers working that night with about 50% of the restaurant full when we arrived.  More people started coming, and we clearly saw 2 parties seated AFTER us and get drink orders and hot towels served to them BEFORE us.  I attempted to flag down 2 servers on 2 separate occasions but was ignored.  I finally flagged down a server (let's call her GLASSES GIRL because she wore glasses and wore a black shirt) who was extremely apologetic and well intentioned.  Let me be clear - GLASSES GIRL was fantastic, and I hope she finds a job elsewhere because her talents are being wasted at Ajito.  GLASSES GIRL took our order, and I asked about hamachi sashimi.  I learned that they don't have hamachi sashimi, but only grilled yellowtail cheek (this becomes important later).  I told GLASSES GIRL that I'm not interested in cooked hamachi, so she took the rest of our order.  After a few dishes were delivered to our table, a different server (let's call her PONYTAIL) with a red shirt served us a dish of grilled hamachi cheek.  I told her that I didn't order it, and PONYTAIL was definitely confused.  I asked PONYTAIL what to do - either take it back, or let me have it for free; and this stumped her so she ran to the back of the restaurant to talk to BOSS LADY (she looked in charge with a black shirt).  Meanwhile, the hamachi cheek is sitting on our table and we aren't touching it because we didn't order it.  GLASSES GIRL comes by to check on us and I tell her about the mistaken order, and she apologizes profusely and says we can have it for free.  Great, she's making up for our bad experience already!  I love GLASSES GIRL!  :)  About 10 minutes later, BOSS LADY who ignored me from the beginning comes to our table and asks us about the hamachi.  I told her we didn't order it, and I could see in the background that PONYTAIL had gone to BOSS LADY for advice after telling us that we could eat the hamachi on the house and she was worried about getting in trouble.  BOSS LADY asked us "have you touched the hamachi" and after we said "no", she took it back to serve to another table.  WTF!!!  Don't take my word for it.  The hamachi was sitting there for 10-15 mins before she took it back after being served, asking us if we touched it isn't good enough to re-serve it to someone else!!!  That's TERRIBLE.  Gordon Ramsay would have a fit.  In addition to all these F-ups, BOSS LADY meanwhile has been entertaining a table of friends and completely ignoring all the ineptitude and mistakes in the dining room with other diners.  Pouring glass after glass of wine for her friends, right when we were about to leave we heard a huge *shriek* scream coming from her table.  Looks like BOSS LADY is less into the business of serving customers a great experience, and more about having fun with her friends and ignoring her staff.  I won't be going back.  I paid my bill, but kept the tip aside separately for GLASSES GIRL.  I apologized to GLASSES GIRL for not leaving an overall tip, but gave her one specifically because she did a good job and my poor experience wasn't her fault.  GLASSES GIRL - if you read this, and I hope you do; good luck in your restaurant career, don't let BOSS LADY and this crappy front of house experience ruin your future.  :D  TLDR; go to "Dan" on Saratoga instead.  Better food, better service.  

                This place is a mash up of a Izakaya and a yakitori place with a good selection of sashimi. It took over the space of where Red Crane used to be. I love that they start off by giving you warm hand towels :)  We ordered the salmon tartare, agedashi mochi, and moriawase (15 pieces of sashimi). All three were excellent and I would highly recommend them. Prices were reasonable too.  The other reviews rave about their cartilage and gizzard, but my fellow diner and I realized that neither yakitori's were our cup of tea, so unfortunately I can't put in my two cents.  

                Food is pretty good and tasty. Loses stars for poor service. Server took order and only came back to table with the check. Owner missing revenue by not training staff to revisit tables to see if customers want anything else. Amazing; literally dropped the check without a word. We wanted water and I had to get up and hunt down the wait staff. She brought us water, went back behind a screen and did not ask another table if they wanted anything. Format; take order, drop food, drop check.  

                MMM.. This place was a pleasant surprise. After having a heavy lunch the bf and I were looking for something light for dinner so we decided skewers would be a great choice. I had Ajito booked mark for a while so I was happy to cross it off my bucket list.  The skewer selection is not as big as other yakitori restaurants I've been too but the quality of food and service makes this place stand out. The only con I had about this place is the music they play. It's like some sort of children lullabies which was smoothing but did not go well with the ambience. Now about the food....    Chicken wrap: Minced chicken breast with mushrooms, peanuts and water chestnuts. It was bland and need some sort of sauce but the dish overall was good.  Grilled Onigiri (chicken): I love onigiri! And I love it even more when its grilled. I didn't care much for the chicken filling in this onigir but overall it was still very tasty.  Garlic seaweed fries: I now what you are thinking? Why order fries when I should be ordering something more exotic. Well, I was craving fries and these totally hit the spot. There was a nice balance of garlic that wasn't too overpowering.  Beef tongue: Chewy but divine. We squeezed the lemon and sprinkled the chili powder on it which made the dish taste even better.  Spicy chicken wings (Sauce): Spicy and saucy. Tasty.  Chicken wings (Sauce): Meh. I like the spicy chicken wings better since it had more flavor.  Chicken hearts (Sauce): MMMMMMM. These were also scrumptious. It was very well marinated and had a slight chewy texture.  Chicken Breast (Salt): I don't care much for white meat so I didn't try this skewer but from the looks of it, it seemed really dry.  Chicken skin (Salt): MMMMMM! I wished we had ordered more of this. It was lightly salted, crispy and just delicious. Definitely, a must order skewer!  Shiitake Mushrooms (Sauce): It was ok, nothing really special about it.  Okra: Grilled okra topped with bonito flakes. I didn't try it but my bf seem to like it.  Overall, this place deserves 5 stars. I would definitely come back and try the other dishes.  

                This place was so cozy as comfortable. The customer service was superb and so was the food. I loved the sashimi meal for lunch hour; definitely affordable and the quality was very good.  

                A great place to enjoy food with great company! You can order a lot of small plates and surprisingly, it won't do too much damage to your wallet!  Personally, I liked the entrees and side dishes better than the grilled meats. It's been awhile since I've had yakitori since I had a scarring moment with food poisoning from under cooked meat, which consequently resulted in a a $100 bill from the doctor and a lovely bottle of antibiotics about two years ago. So, I was a bit nervous coming here. But here I am, writing this review, healthy and alive!  The things we ordered:  - Sashimi salad: Yummy! A healthier alternative than nigiris. The dressing was delicious, too... not sure if it's housemade but it tastes like the one you can get at Mitsuwa. The fish were fresh and offered in a good variety, too. The end got a bit too salty for me since the bottom was drenched with dressing.  - Risotto: Okay... we ended up getting this for the experience because it's literally rice stirred up in a huuuuge block of parmesan cheese. I wasn't a fan of it...   - Dom buri: So yummy!!! i could eat this forever.  - Yakitori: I really liked the spicy wings. It's pretty ginger-y. I don't recommend the chicken breast though since it was pretty bland.. I recommend the meats with sauce over the salted versions. Honestly, I wasn't very adventurous and stuck with the normal meats. No heart/liver for me...  -Salmon spring rolls: Eh... it was ok. I felt like the mint inside totally overpowered everything so all I tasted was mint. Too bad!  If you're a meat/yakitori lover, I'd go to Sumiya instead. But if you love Japanese food with a twist, I'd come here! This is a great place to impress visitors visiting the area, too!  Ajito had really awesome service, too. The servers there were on their feet and super friendly and helpful.  You also get to enjoy your meal with super poppy Disney songs playing the background if you listen carefully ;)  

                The food quality is generally pretty good here. The Daikon Salad is very flavorful and refreshing. Rissoto is creamy and rich. The squid bits Tako Potato Ball are bouncy and chewy. However the ginger flavor is a little overwhelming over the potato ball. I would give 4 stars if the food is not as salty.  

                Just my quick review of their chicken skin: It is the best I ever had in the bay area.  

                Very traditional Japanese place.  A lot of native Japanese speakers.  All around good food.  Can get a little smokey and warm inside from the kitchen.  

                Just my quick review of their chicken skin: It is the best I ever had in the bay area.  

                Nothing that I like about this place. I mean service was not bad, but food are so terrible, dont know how they got 4 stars.  Tako yakitori- tastes like a box from supermaket and microwave it. Worst ever!!!  All the Skewers were too dry and bland, after I tried few of them, I already wanna cancel the rest and leave the place. They give you a big plate and they just bring the skewer out and put it in the middle, when you have whole bunch of it and you just dont know what it is. I dont like it at all. This is not hotpot style!!!  I really like Gaku because they give you plate after plate, so you know what you are eating. Plus Gaku's skewer tastes so delicious,  so much flavor. I would rather pay a bit more than wasting money and eating dry tasteless food. Really disappointed.   Even though they tried to knees down to talk to you and I think it was really sweet, but the food is just so bad.  

                okay first off, i was searching for japanese food bc i REALLY REALLY WANTED SUSHI. crave the raw fishhh. but i still was very surprised and really liked this place! ...but i still havent gotten my fix yet #sadlife  anyways when my friend and i found this place, it was like at a tiny dark plaza off to the side of home depot. looked sketch as much as sketchy Cupertino could look like LOL ..which is not much. but still , "Viv... are you sure this place is good...." -____- we walked in and pleasantly surprised with a nice atmosphere with a lot of people! It was dimly lit so i feel like it had a more romantic feel....? but i mean, handling sharp skewers in the dark isnt really a good idea though LOL  We got seated right away and was handed warm hand towels right away! Thats something new. We also got waters and looked over the menu... in which we found there WAS NO SUSHI. so my friend said, "you failed. you wanted sushi and there arent even sushi on the menu." thanks for rubbing it in ): After much deciding, we got --  -Niku Miso Chazuke (7): which is minced chicken with rice & chicken soup. I didnt think it would be good because it sounded like rice & soup. But i really enjoyed it. They give you a good amount of minced chicken, which is proportioned really well with the soup and rice. The minced chicken is sweet and gives the whole dish lots of flavor. def recommend it! -Half Size Ramen (5): My friend ordered it and it smelled SOOO GOOOOOD because his came out first. I tried some of the soup and it tasted flavorful and yummy -Sliced Beef Tongue (7): Came out with about 6-7 slices and they were very soft and chewy. Pretty good. Definitely should eat it while they're still hot or they dont taste that great anymore  -Yakitori set of 6 (16): Everything was cooked great. The breast was kinda tasteless, so i do recommend the sauce for this one. The liver was very good -- although it was super smushy and not what i was used to. The gizzard was decent and so was the heart -- both slightly chewy and crunchy. I dont really remember how the thigh or wing tasted like haha but i guess not memorable!  The bill came to be about $40 which included tax and tip! Pretty solid meal. it's on the pricier side just for skewers but i would def come again to try the rest of their menu!  

                **Run, don't walk to this restaurant**    If you love authentic Japanese food + Wish that places like Gochi or Sumika had shorter lines + Love a broad diverse menu and quick and friendly service = Then Ajito is for you.    I was a fan of Red Crane that occupied this space before Ajito, but truth was, though I love Asian fusion cuisine, it's true that it's been overdone (by many places poorly) and most have moved on to other fare with authentic Japanese izakayas and yakitori-type food being the most recent trend.    I've had Ajito bookmarked since learning it took over the Red Crane spot, but once I saw fellow Yelper (and Japanese/Chinese food expert) Ken K's 5-star review, I knew I better book it over here fast, before the crowds really started forming.    Ajito is only open for dinner and the space, as before, is a small one with perhaps ~15 or so tables, with a few perfect for larger parties.  We arrived early, without reservations, and were seated promptly, though I suspect that will change once word gets out.  At the early hour, numerous other tables filled and many were young families.  While Ajito is clearly a seemingly adult or working professional restaurant (grilled food with plentiful sake/beer), the service was amazingly family friendly with plastic water cups with straws and Disney plates brought to the table without even asking.  Two thumbs up.    Ordered a comprehensive selection of their focus yakitori grill items (like Sumika in Los Altos) but also ordered several items from their secondary menu (much broader than Sumika and touches on areas that a Gochi/Tanto would).    Yakitori - all items are organic with fantastic quality and a lovely charcoal grill flavor.  Most available with either simple salt or sauce (teriyaki) * chicken breast - white meat but tasty * liver - deliciously rich and creamy  * heart - loved this * thigh - fantastic dark meat * chicken wing  * spicy chicken wing - liked this one better * chicken tail - crunchy, fatty, meaty...I really liked it.  So different * Shitake - simple and you can say you're not just eating meat * Shisito - lovely char marks and charcoal aroma.  Nice spicy kick.   * Slice Beef Tongue - very thinly cut.  Great quality.  Daikon Mochi - a fried combination of daikon and melt in your mouth gooey mochi.  Lovely flavor and topped with chili pepper strings that you see everywhere but these have a real kick (must be better quality)  Soboro Don - rice bowl of terikyaki ground pork covered with a perfectly soft boiled egg.  Mix and enjoy.   White Tuna Tataki - our sashimi choice.  Great quality white tuna, ponzu sauce and onions and fresh seaweed.  The sashimi quality here is very good.  Shiokara - salted fish guts.  our hard core dish.  We love this version at Kappo Nami Nami.  The one here uses much bigger fish guts but very tasty.   Ankimo - solid dish of monkfish liver  Tori Soup - had to try their house soup made with their organic chicken bones.  Delicious and refreshing.  Good palate cleanser.  Matcha Parfait - the one average miss.  The dessert menu is sparse and this was just red bean over green tea ice cream and jelly.     We ordered a lot of food and it was prepared at a great pace, coming out almost continuously as we waited.  We left very full and very happy.  The yakitori items were all great (juicy, flavorful, and tender) and while you'll quickly get through trying them all, the best part is the main menu has so many sashimi, rice/noodle/appetizer/starters to try that you can easily come back here many times.    On a 2nd trip back and with the place much busier, the service does tend to get a bit slow or erratic, but not entirely surprising.  Tried a few more dishes and found the black pork sausage and special chicken momo to be must orders, but the oyakodon is a pale comparison to Sumika's.  Genmai risotto good for cheese fans and nice presentation.  Honestly, wish they were open for lunch but for now will appreciate it hasn't gotten crazy crowd levels yet.  For comparison's sake, Gochi and Sumika still get the nod for both their dishes compared to Ajito, but Ajito is a quality contender for the area.  For now, it's mainly a Japanese businessman place but I'm sure the crowd and word will get out soon.  [As a side note: how do all the Japanese expats know about all these great Japanese places before even Yelp....I think it must be advertised in Japanese newspapers.  I need to up my game and get that news feed.]   Ajito accepts all credit cards, including American Express.  

                I would say take my review like a grain of salt, but in my defense, this was my first Izakaya experience; however, it was pretty horrible.   So, we only ended up here because the wait at Gaku was extremely long (smaller establishment) and Ajito was close by and when we called, they told us it would be a short wait. In their defense, the wait was indeed short, and we were seated pretty promptly. The place is bigger than Gaku and was pretty busy itself.  Once seated, we were promptly given water and hot towels for our hands. It took a while for our order to be taken, but that definitely was not the low point of our meal. We ordered 3 skewers (priced at 2.50 each or more). The 3 we picked were, the heart, the liver, and the thigh. I tried all of them, and the thigh definitely tastes most normal, just like the chicken it is lol. The heart and the liver were more spongey and definitely a weird texture. It seemed more like we were eating blood like in bun bo hue. That kind of flavor and texture- which I probably would not order again. We also ordered the egg pancake for an appetizer, which definitely was not a pancake. They were these tiny rectangular things that clearly were not wroth the money. They were spongey, and had the flavor infused in it already- tasted like egg and honey almost. The last thing we ordered, that absolutely killed the meal, was the lettuce wraps. Now, it didn't kill the meal because it was bad, it was actually kinda good, but it literally took 30-1 hour to come out, and that was supposed to be the "meal" portion. We asked them to check on it numerous times, and we were told each time that the kitchen was backed up. I mean come on, how hard is it to stir fry some stuff, and cut up some lettuce? Utter disappointment.    In the midst of waiting for our lettuce wraps, we were also going to order something else, the chicken curry. When we finally decided and go a hold of a server, we were promptly told that they were out of that! How can a restaurant be out of food? It is the strangest concept to me, ever. Utter disappointment #2. The lettuce wraps ended up taking so long, we were convinced that whatever we ordered next, would take yet another hour, so we ended up skipping ordering more.   Now, I'm giving this place two stars, because I really do like the concept, and the service was okay, but honestly, the food took way too long to come out, and the menu selection is decent. Everything is almost like chicken based, but beware, they run out of stuff! Overall, not worth the headache and starving yourself. I was tempted to order sashimi, but I can get sashimi at any sushi restaurant that is probably better quality. Overall, I would not come back and try another restaurant instead.  

                I'm really digging this place. Usually no waiting, good service, interesting bamboo faucet in the bathroom - what more could you ask for? Oh right, onto the food.   I know it's a bit odd to order garlic fries at a Japanese restaurant, but the seaweed really adds additional depth, and as tacky as it may sound, it adds a little Asian spin.   The best part of this place, however, have been the skewers and corresponding sauces. I'm not a huge fan of the plum sauce, but the spicy mayonnaise with roe is AMAZING. Oh my god is it amazing. What a creative, and ultimately delicious idea. And that's why the mayonnaise sauce gets its own paragraph.   The majority of skewer flavors here are from various parts of a chicken, but they do have stuff like beef tongue and pork belly.  The chicken breast and chicken thigh skewers are actually really tender, moist and flavorful, but if I had to pick, I'd get the thigh. What can I say? Boobs are always win, but I guess I'm more of a legs kinda guy. The chicken tail is a pretty unique offering and it's pretty good, but the cartilage in it kinda throws me off. Also, I don't care about what you've failed to accomplish in life, but if you order the chicken skin, your life will be COMPLETELY vindicated.  

                Decent izakaya, value could be better.  Overall a very solid choice for Izakaya if you are in the area, but for the price I expected a tad better quality and service.  There are a few better options in the area.  Things that were memorable: Moriawase Salmon Tartar Chicken skin Karaage (cartilage)  Things that weren't extraordinary: Chicken breast Chicken thigh  Service was on par with the pay, but they were incredibly slow on bringing out some items.  I can't warrant a four star, but it wasn't a disappointing dinner.    Decent selection of sake and brews.  

                Chou-Meicha uma or Super taste so good!  If you love chicken this place will BBQ all of the parts for you.  And it's the only Japanese place I've found that does Tsukune-style meatball thing where you scoop out the ground chicken into a shabu shabu bowl.  Anyway, point is you'll be bawk bawk bah bawking all the way home.   Other favorites here are: Parm Reggiano Risotto, Fried Flounder, Salmon and avocado poki with homemade potato chips.  This is one of the top Japanese restaurants in the area.  Kompai.  

                I went to Ajito twice this past weekend, that pretty much tells you how much I liked the place, lol. Ajito is a hybrid of Sumiya and Gochi. They have a good selection of yakitori but also a good selection of cooked dishes as well. And it's a great place for big parties since it's still relatively new and unknown so no 2 weeks advance reservation is needed like in Sumiya and Gochi. We had a party of 10 and actually got same day reservation for a Friday night, that itself would be an impossible task at similar restaurants.   Their yakitori is pretty decent, I especially recommend the chicken thigh, chicken skin and beef tongue. Their cook food in my opinion is a notch better than their yakitori. Some of my favorites include cheese risotto, salmon tartare with chips, and soboro don. By the way, if you are into those flavored soju drinks, their yuzu honey soju was off the chart (they also have a virgin version), definitely a must try. Oh and did I mention their pricing is very reasonable also. All of us can really eat and we paid about $30 per person including 18% tips, not bad at all.  

                Good izakaya! Everything was good. We ordered mostly yakitori items.  Salt flavor on: Gizzard, hearts, beef tongue, chicken wings, thighs. Sauce flavor on shitake mushroom.  Recommend order a daikon salad and a pickled veggie plate to eat with your yakitori, they go well together!   Would love to try their chicken dumpling hotpot next time, you need to reserve it ahead of time.   However, the food came out pretty slow, if you are in a hurry then don't consider this place. Service was great, a wonderful experience.  

                Ajito is in a bad location.  Red Crane used to be here and it was not terrible but wasn't terribly special either.  Before that I don't remember.  Possibly it was the Russian market?  Anyway, Ajito is one of those izakaya-type joints that are all the rage now.  The Yakitori is as good as you'd expect at non-Sumika prices and the rest of the menu is also on-point.  Service is remarkably friendly.  Probably some of the best I've seen at an izakaya.  However, in a world of market saturation, Ajito's future is uncertain in my opinion.  The location is not known to draw a lot of business and even when i went, the restaurant was mostly empty.  Given all that, I do hope Ajito makes it and continues to bring great food and service as I really feel it can be something special.  If you like izakaya and need an authentic alternative to popular izakaya fusion places like Gochi and Gokaku, give Ajito a try.  You likely will not be disappointed.  

                Beer dispenser handle is a KATANA! Now that I've gotten that outta the way...  I'm always skeptical of my Yelp friends when they give 5-star raving reviews about a place because then the hype is too high and disappointment is a possibility. Boy was I wrong...AJITO is truly the best yakitori place I've been to in the Bay Area and maybe even ever. Plus you know it's legit Japanese food when you're the only teeny-bopper-looking girl in a restaurant full of Japanese businessmen.  Great flavors and super juicy chicken skewers. I absolutely LOVED their spicy chicken wings. It's not like the American kind with silly amounts of pepper and it really has a stinging kick to it. Grilled to perfection!  I even loved their Chicken Sauce Katsu Don, which is fried chicken with tonkatsu sauce. VERY juicy and tender. They didn't drown the don in the sauce and the sauce was delicious with a spicy and tangy taste.  The Smoked Salmon Namharuimaki was kinda like a smoked salmon spring roll. The dipping sauce is delicious and the rolls were beautiful. I liked the rolls a lot but they were a bit pricey around ~$7.  Service is pretty accommodating. I had a weird request in regards to the bill and they did what I asked. I was also surprised by the low-key atmosphere on a Friday night.  EXPECT to order more chicken skewers as you eat on. You just think, "Hey, I'll just order a little bit of this and that..." Then you end up with so much chicken in your belly by the end of the night, and you won't regret it at all :)  

                Why I love Ajito: 1. If you stalk my reviews, you'll know I'm all about authenticity.  Real, homemade Japanese food and servers who can speak Japanese? Check and check. 2. Everything here is HOMEMADE. 3. What makes Ajito different when it comes to grilling meat is that they do not over-grill it. You will not see any burned spots on your meat so it will come out soft and tender.  -salmon avocado tartare with homemade potato chips I'm a sucker for tartare.  I thoroughly enjoyed everything about this appetizer. You may think potato chips with tartare is bizarre, but like I said, homemade. Give it a try!  -onigiri (salmon) Pretty good onigiri. Big too.  -lettuce wrap Don't let the description on the menu fool you; this isn't spicy. But it is tasty! Just roll some meat in a lettuce wrap and dig in.  -whole squid Perfectly grilled squid; not chewy at all.  -beef tongue Very soft and tender!  -Skewer items (cartilage, breast, thigh, wings, shiitake) Yummy and tender meats grilled to perfection.  For some items, you can choose to have it either salty or saucy (for some you cannot choose).  The best part is, they didn't even taste too salty! My personal favorites were the cartilage and shiitake. I wasn't feeling adventurous enough to try gizzards or liver...but maybe next time!  Desserts: -matcha parfait This was the weakest part of the meal. It was good, but to call it a parfait is misleading. It was just ice cream, azuki, and grass jelly.  -tiramisu Best tiramisu I've had in the Bay Area. I can't tell you how many disgusting tiramisus I've had in the past that had way too much sugar, even in Italian restaurants.  This tiramisu was not very sweet, and you can actually taste the deep coffee flavor.   Ajito is a wonderful addition to Cupertino.  This place is perfect for dining with friends, family, and Japanese clientele and business partners.  This is a small restaurant however so if you have a big party, it may be hard for them to accommodate you. I left full, happy, and hungry for more. Can't wait to come back and try other things!  

                This place really does their yakitori exceptionally well. Everything is grilled to perfection and I didn't see a single burned spot. Meat is super tender and fresh. There is a nice pictorial of the chicken with its parts so you get an idea what you are eating, where it's coming from, and some nutritional content.  ---------------------------  Beef Tongue: one of the most tender, melt-in-your mouth beef tongue I've ever had. Chicken Heart: juicy and tender Special Chicken Heart: I couldn't tell the distinction other than it being more expensive.  Chicken Skin: fried and fatty, just the way I like it Liver: I actually don't like liver, but it would be good for those that do [has the iron taste] Chicken Tail: it's like a hybrid of chicken skin and cartilage, mostly on the cartilage side [crunchy and fatty]. I did not like it. Gizzard: juicy Soboro Don: minced chicken, fried egg, and yakitori sauce over rice. I actually loved this dish the most. Great flavor from the yakitori sauce.  ----------------------------  Service was friendly, but slow. It's nice that this place is opened for lunch now. If you want good yakitori, this is the place to be.  

                I had the pork belly and chicken thigh skewer. Portions are very very small considering you're paying around $2.5/skewer. Pork belly had some soy saucey radish on top and I thought it was a lot better than the chicken thigh skewer. They have gizzard skewers etc. if you're feeling adventurous. Not worth the money though, and they charge for generic tea?! Cold water is free but I guess if you ask for it hot, it all of a sudden it's worth $1+. She also didn't tell us this before charging us for it.  

                Hot towel to clean our hands. That is purdy awesome. BUT everything else was meh though.  Maybe I ordered the wrong things almost everything was bland: Chicken skewers(Both sauce and salt), even the chicken katsu don ): The black pork sausage were delicious though. mmmm  Pretty meh. Nothing memorable.  

                We had some friends visit last night and we wanted to check out a new place.  I've had this place bookmarked for quite some time now.  Luckily we made reservations because when we arrived the place was packed.  First thing I did notice though was poor ventilation inside the restaurant because it was slightly smokey.  Our friends were already seated and had ordered a bottle of soju.  After sitting for some time, they waitress never came around to our table... we had to flag someone down to take our order.  Not only that we had to ask them for ice water and shot glasses for the alcohol.    Items we ordered were the raw wasabi octopus, salmon tartare, sashimi salad, thinly sliced flat fish sashimi, black pork sausage, minced chicken over rice with a poached egg, yakitori combination, sushito peppers, chicken cartilage, and rice balls (cod and salmon).  My favorite dishes were the salmon tartare, sliced sashimi, pork sausage, and the rice bowl.  The improvements needed starts with the service.  The food came out all at once which sucked because we barely had room on our table.  The best thing they could of done was bring out the cold dishes first then the hot foods after that... when everything came out at once, the yakitori meat was pretty cold by the time we started eating them.  My chicken breast yakitori was slightly under cooked, I'm not sure if its meant to be eaten that way.  The yakitori also lacked that grilled flavor as well.  Overall a decent meal and things could be worked on here.  

                Service is horrible, food is okay  

                Delicious grilled chicken on a skewer, delightful and attentive service. A fantastic experience.  

                love ajito, be ready to order a lot of dish :)  

                I was disappointed that The Red Crane was no longer in business.  When my family noticed this restaurant had taken over the spot, we decided to give it a try.  First the good:  the chicken breast skewers were perfectly cooked.  We also had the chicken curry with naan which was a lot like Roti.  The food is decent.  However the atmosphere could not be worse. The place is not properly ventilated for the Yakitori grill.  The result?  So much smoke in the restaurant that your eyes will water and your lungs will hurt.  In addition, the music they were playing was too loud and ridiculously bad - like 80s pop knock off stuff.    Overall, the food wasn't so great that it compensated for the ambiance.  My advice?  Order take out from here.  

                I can't believe more people don't come here... this place is DELICIOUS! Reminds me of my trip to Japan this past winter..   We had chicken leg and breast yakitori, salmon skin salad, squid balls, oyakodon, and the agedashi...   To be honest, I thought the most underwhelming was the agedashi but even that was pretty freaking good!   Highly recommend this place!  

                I've been here twice - once with Dennis, once without Dennis, but he happened to be there already anyway! (Explains why we couldn't invite him to come along:))  The first time I got the chicken curry, which was a katsu-don with a nice curry-ground-chicken sauce. The curry was the perfect binding to bridge the gap between the crispy chicken cutlet and the gooey rice. Crispy chicken and gooey-perfect rice are great, but the curry gravy sauce is often missing most other places.   The sashimi Dennis had looked very, very fresh, and very, very generous.   The second time everyone else got the special. They have different specials every day and they always look great.   This place is a special little secret - within view of the cupertino home depot, but you'd never know it, even from the parking lot. Inside it is very peaceful and clean.  This helps us easily zip in, sit right down, get lunch, and back to work with time to spare to pick up that hedger and #16 deck screws for the weekend project.   The staff is super-friendly and I feel very welcome there, even though I am generally ignorant about this kind of cuisine they are very patient and helpful.   Oh, I forgot they use all organic chicken- and waste nothing!  This place is a hidden gem- If you can't find it, too bad for you!  ***Not open Monday Lunch***  

                I came here on a weeknight to share my very first meal with a long time Yelp buddy, Ken K. I always respected his knowledge and opinions of Asian food, be it noodles or sushi or stinky tofu. And my other dear Yelp friend, Julie K, mentioned this place was good and that I should go. Since she was enjoying Kauai without me, i decided to go here without her! It turns out Ken knew the new Sous Chef from another place, which was serendipitous.  We met up at 7:15 and the place wasn't crowded at all. But being an Izakaya, usually the Japanese Sarariman (businessmen) don't come until later after they have put in their 12 hour days.  Just about everyone that was in here was Japanese.   We had a great sampling of what they specialize in here, which is every part of a chicken that you can fit on a stick. Or Chicken Yakitori. (Tori means bird or chicken, and yaki means grilled). This is not to be confused with a member of Parliament who can't shut up. He might be a Yaki Tory, but he won't be as tasty as these morsels, although he could be almost as juicy, depending on how much dirt the UK tabloids can dig up on him for scandal. But I digress.   This was the amazing part and why this places is good. The yakitori was never dried and lifeless or over cooked, They were all juicy and tender, and delicious. This reminds me of a place in Osaka, Japan that my old boss took me to, the same concept of taking all these chicken pieces and putting them on a stick. Gizzards, heart, breast, cartilage, you name it. It is almost Chinese in the way they offer most anything to eat. (Well, maybe not Chicken feet, like Dim Sum, or did I miss that on the menu?) I am not sure what all was offered, because I let Ken order everything.   They have a pretty good selection of sake to go along with your skewers, and there are other things than just chicken, like mushrooms, and more exotic things you will just have to try yourself.   Service was wonderful, by Runa, the exotic Hapa server who was so Japanese in manner and accent, but is actually part Afghani. Very sweet! Sort of fits the grilled meat concept!   We were full after our orders, and with a $7 full shot of sake, the bill with tax and tip was about $40 each.   I had a great time with Ken and the food here, and I am sure I will be back with others again, even though I drove 50 miles (one way) to eat here.  

                What a great find this place was ! A hole-in-the-wall izakaya restaurant that is very promising !    My daughter showed me the Yelp page for Ajito, saying one of her school teachers posted the link on Facebook. Knowing how much we all love izakaya in the family, she immediately decides I might be interested and sure indeed, the same day we found ourselves in here !   The Yelp ratings convinced me that this is a good place to check out. I called in a reservation for 3, 45 minutes before we got there. The staff was nice and though 15 minutes early, we were seated right away.   Ajito is a small joint in a little strip in Cupertino, close to the Home Depot. Despite being a weekend and dinner, we got  a sweet parking spot.   It was pretty warm inside the restaurant and definitely smelled like grilled meat/fish. Awesome !  We got attended to right away, our orders included ankimo, beef tongue, salmon skin salad, ika sugatayaki, a chicken udon, and miso soup. All of these were super delectable and fresh.   The people that dined with us were pretty chill. I liked the fact that the staff was friendly and attentive. Not to forget, you get a warm wet towel before you get to chow.  Such a small joint with a big promise ! My family and I will definitely come back. I recommend this place to people who love Japanese tapas and simple eating.    Easy 5 stars !  

                How should I say it....this is almost like ice cream...  You must have it if you are feeling great.  You need it when you are feeling down.  If a friend drives a long distance to meet with you, it's a killer battleground for good fun times, laughter, and philosophical conversations about the best of life from different geographical locations.... Why not drag a few more dudes and dudettes here.  If you have an out of town friend or family visiting, why the heck not come to place like this.  If you got a promotion or a raise, this stuff is nice to have with alcohol (and again with friends)  If you landed a better job and your coworkers want to throw you a farewell party (minus strippers or for those wackbag nutjobs into 6.5 feet tall tranny hookers), you've come to the right place.  If someone else other than you got a promotion or raise, but does not deserve it all, and you want to beeeyoch about them to others, but off company grounds, this type is a great place.  If you got fired or laid off (maybe because you gossiped and vented to the wrong set of coworkers, or you went to a company meeting offsite, got bone ass drunk and hit on that hot coworker of yours and started dancing Gangnam Style Gentleman on the tables before the restaurant took out sake bombs and disco balls), the more the reason to bring some friends with you to eat this stuff and drown in more alcohol.  No no no....not talking about ice cream, or hipster Ghastro pubs, but YAKITORI (grilled chicken or chicken parts on a stick), Japanese style, at a yakitori themed izakaya (some foodies translate to "tapas bar" or "tapas pub"). This is how A$Ns roll.  I set no expectations coming in here, and did not even think about Ippuku (which I have never been to) or Sumika, since they are pretty high standard places, so please don't even compare them...but was very surprised and pleased with the entire meal.  It turns out the yakitori chef here is Shu-chan, who had been a very accomplished and skilled sushi chef at Akane in Los Altos for a large part of his career. So with this mind, I knew I was going to be good hands, even though the art of yakitori is a completely different field than nigiri sushi....but if you put your heart and mind and passion into it, you can go from sexy curvaceous sliced fish on vinegared rice to the utmost delicious charcoal grilled chicken on a stick. And he did it!  As you walk through the door, observe the white board special on your right. Last night they had  karasumi daikon (dried cured mullet roe over daikon) Some sort of curry chicken dish deep fried chicken cartilage  and 3 various bottles of sake  The menu is mildly similar to that of Izakaya Ginji in terms of format, but there is not much in the way of seafood or grilled fish. You do not see the grills and there are no counter seats, it's all in the kitchen hidden from view.  The yakitori selection is smaller than that of Kokko or Ginji, but they have the basics/classics, and thus far all nailed down quite well in my humble opinion.  Takowasa - octopus appetizer in wasabi sauce. As good as, if not a bit better than Izakaya Ginji's version (which is already very good). De facto sake/soju snack. Good chit this is.  Daikon Mochi Agedashi - like agedashi tofu, but lightly breaded (panko?) fried mocha, served in the same soy sauce dashi as the tofu. Beautiful delicate slivers of a kind of chili pepper decorate the top (used similarly in ramen decoration at the likes of Dojo and Dohatsuten).   Skewer time! Order from the checksheet.  Sasami (breast) - humongous piece, yet insanely juicy and what appears to be a very tiny light pink center (but not medium rare entirely). Nothing like a big piece of juicy breast. Get salt version for this one. Very natural tasting  momo (thigh) - perfection  sunagimo (gizzard) - juicy with a wonderful crunch. Shu-chan is the man!   nankotsu (cartilage) - this is very interesting because when I had a chance to speak with Shu-chan, he told me he pairs the breast bone cartilage (yagen nankotsu) with the knee cartilage (hizu nankotsu). This is an absolute winning combination to have both. $4 a pop but well worth it.  special momo - a unique cut of the thigh, didn't catch the proper terminology (there are probably 3 to 4 cuts beyond the typical "momo"/thigh parts in yakitori), but this was superb. Not on the menu.  bonjiri - chicken tail. To me this is the "TORO" of chicken. Eat it while it is still hot. Evil but delicious (but not as evil as say, eating African lion "yakitori" in Burlingame....)  Shitake - NEVER had mushrooms yakitori style this super juicy before. Shu, YOU DA MAN!!!!  Shishito - bigger than usual green chili peppers. Watch out the seeds will turn you into Don Corleone. Have some water ready.   Superb waitstaff and service to top it off. Can't ask for more, and can't wait to return with more of you!  

                We were recommended this place by a friend who knows his Japanese food and I must say he was right. The place is a little hidden away off of De Anza, but not too hard to find. They have a little bit of everything and everything we ordered was good. A lot of types of grilled chicken skewers and their portions were decent sized. Some places can be a little over-priced, but they didn't skimp. We tried cartilage, skin, breast, thigh, heart, special heart, gizzard, beef tongue. All tasted great, but some of them were a little bit too salty, especially the beef tongue. Breast felt like the most quantity and had good flavor, if you are trying to get your money's worth. There were too many things on the menu that I wanted to try, so I will definitely have to come back again!  

                A little overwhelming for a yakitori virgin.  The menu was all over the place: starters here, appetizers there, yaitori menu in the rear, hot pot special, udon this, "fresh" sashimi...... ahhhh I just wanted some BBQ sticks of meat and veggies. After a few minutes we found a few interesting things to try out:  Salmon TarTare: not my fav. avocado made dish heavy Monkfish Liver Pate: also ok Soboro Don: delicious! the yakitori sauce and the runny egg made it memorable  Salmon Skin Salad -Pretty good, although I suggest having all components of the salad in each bite. This will balance the flavors just right... acidity of dressing, saltiness of skin flakes -Needed more of the shredded pickled veggies and spinach at the base  Yakitori -Shiitake w/Sauce: the WINNER of the night! that sauce was magical -Okra w/Salt: should have gotten it with the sauce instead -Chicken Thigh w/Sauce: good, nothing extraordinary -Chicken Skin w/Salt: RUNNER UP  There were a few things on the menu that I initially did not feel comfortable with: organs and parts that I do not typically eat but if I can have it all glazed in that yakitori sauce then that might ease the thought of eating "special heart", "tail", or even "black pork sausage". I guess the saying goes..... with the right sauce everything taste like chicken.  Not sure how new this place is but they didn't seem to have there facility all together. The lights randomly shut off in the middle of service twice. Ventilators were not working properly or at all and caused a dim, fog like atmosphere. After an hour or so the AC came on an it was on full blast.  Overall I felt very scattered with my thoughts about this place. I wouldn't come back and probably would try another yakitori type restaurant so I have some basis of comparison.  

                Delicious food, but very very slow and non attentive service. More than 20 minutes to get the first dish on the table, and another 10 minutes for the second one.  

                I echo the reviews of many that the food is tasty and unique, but their service is disorganized and spotty.  The staff was quick to seat us and take our orders.  Food arrives promptly in most cases, but it does not come all at once.  Not really a problem with izakaya style restaurants.  Getting our check took far longer than it should have and left us with a disappointed feeling for the evening.  After waiting for at least 15 minutes, we asked a server for the check.  We then waited at least 10 more minutes before I got up and found our server and asked again.  When we finally did get our check, the person acted annoyed with us.  Regardless of the quality of the food, Ajito managed to turn a pleasant evening into a sour one.  Follow up service to the tables after the food has been served really needs to improve  

                I didn't realize Red Crane had gone under. I kind of liked that spot. However Ajito is a fitting successor of there ever was one. Perhaps the best new Japanese meal I've had in a while. First thing I notice, everyone is a Japanese ex-pat except for us. Second, the commitment of using all of the chicken in their yakitori is very Japanese. I think we're in a legitimately traditional joint. Of course I always order tons of things in places like this so we went:  -Hirame two ways -Octopus marinated in wasabi -Seaweed/Algae in vinegar -Daikon Salad -Chicken breat -Chicken thigh -Chicken Skin -Chicken tail  -Chicken gizzard -Chicken hearts  -Chicken special heart (not sure the distinction) -Gyu tan/beef tongue -Agedashi tofu -Kurobota sausage  I think I might be forgetting a few dishes but you get the gist. THe food was fantastic. The employees are also super nice and when they saw that I ordered so much of the traditional weirder items, I think they knew I understood the cuisine. Im going back very soon to try a bunch of the things I missed. Excellent debut into the Japanese cuisine foray  

                WARNING* REALLY smokey from the grill, if you have sensitive sinuses, I DO NOT RECOMMEND you come. The smoke STINGS.   If you don't have a complicated palate, then this place is indeed for you. The yakitori is nice, as it does live up to its reputation.   The ramen: on a personal take of it, the noodles have a GREAT texture to them.   Unfortunately where they lack in, is the pricing, waitresses, and quality of the broths.   The pricing is ridiculous. $2.50 for one skewer, which is roughly 5 pieces. The waitresses are 50/50. Theres those that could care less about you, and others that just smile at you awkwardly.   Finally, the quality of the miso soup, and the ramen broth were just so watered down, and felt like it was from the bottom of the pot. Bland, and wayyy to hot.   Overall, I would give this place a nice solid 3 stars.  

                I love this place, although it's not consider cheap but I think $40 per person and leave with a very full stomach for the rest of the night it's very reasonable. I love their chicken breast yakitori because I never been to a place where they can grill the breast meat and still be so tender! My friend and I order the sashimi salad and almost tried everything on the meun for her birthday. We were very satisfied with everything.  

                Honestly, I've had better. I tried the lunch yakitori combination with gizzards, thighs, and breasts. The gizzards were kind of hard and lacked the right flavors. The thighs were oh so wrong :( At least mine's was... I understand that thighs are typically more fatty than white meat but mannn this one just oozed out fat. There was no "thigh" portion at all. The breasts were dry and the sauce the use on it doesn't compliment it very well.  Sadly, I don't think I'll be coming back. I really wanted to like it.  

                With less than 30 reviews, this might just be the newest Yakitori/Izakaya place in Cupertino.  Had a late dinner here last week with a friend; we entered around 8:30pm with the place in full swing for dinner.  Luckily there wasn't any one else waiting for a table, but we still had to wait 15 min. for a 2 spot to open up.  Place was simple and cool inside with the delicious smell of Yakitori wafting inside.  YUM!    Once seated, we decided on the agedashi tofu, edamame, and the assorted yakitori sampler.  I believe it included breast, thigh, liver, wing, heart, and gizzard.  I wasn't a big fan of the liver believe it or not but I ate some anyway.  Everything was ordered with sauce which seemed to be very light.  Breast and thigh were a little light tasting and seasoned less intensely than other places I've been to.  Also ordered a pressed sushi dish from the special menu board and something else I don't quite remember.    Later on, we ordered more thigh and liver for my friend.  The highlight was the SKIN skewer we ordered separately, so freaking AMAZING.  Something so simple but incredibly rich in flavor, OMG.  Done perfectly, and tasted better than most other places.  Best thing little thing I ate here hands down!  I really wanted to try  the agedashi mochi I saw in the pictures but I didn't see it on the menu and I asked the server but it seems like they didn't have it which was disappointing.   Overall the service was good and the ambiance is nice.  All the servers here are from Japan and seem to speak Japanese.  They even give you hand towels before ordering which something you don't see too often anymore.  I still don't think this is five star Yakitori/Izakaya place, but I may need to try more to get a better sense of how it stacks up.  

                I'm so glad Ajito opened in my neighborhood! I dined in once and had take-out twice (ordered sashimi to go).  Get it: + Moriawase assorted sashimi - always super fresh. + Karaage - this looked different from other places, more like large popcorn pieces but not but not as pried and not as salty; very tender; slightly oily. + Spicy wing skewer - tasty.  Also good: + Shiro maguro tataki (seared white tuna sashimi) - again, super fresh. + Soboro don (minced chicken, yakitori sauce over rice) - good flavor. + Chicken skin sauce skewer - I'm not really into skin, but my husband liked it.  Just okay: ~ Kurobuta sausage (black pork sausage) - Hot dog like, a bit salty.  The ambiance is calm and relaxing. You can eat to the soundtrack of piano lounge music, like the kind from Korean dramas. I noticed a number of families and a lot of Japanese customers. Ajito seems to be Japanese-run, so the food seems authentic. It looks like the menu has also expanded since my last visit, which means time for another meal at Ajito!  

                I came here with a few friends because one of them wanted to check this place out.  The service was really attentive.They speak really quietly though. ^^l  Admittedly we were a bit confused by the menu... then we realized that you ordered the skewers on another checklist, and all the other items are in the menu. Derp.   The way it works is that they have a giant dish with grated ginger in the middle and they set down the skewers after telling you what they are.  The best parts of the meal I think were the gizzard and the salt chicken thigh skewers. The daikon salad was really good too.   Overall it turned out to be around $20 a person. I def want to come back here sometime.  

                3.5 star.    We came in a group and tried a bunch of food.  I was too engaged in the conversations, but overall the skewers were good, not dry or overcooked.    -skewer: chicken liver, chicken cartliage, chicken skin - skewer: mushroom: a bit dry and tasteless -clam soup: a bit bland -octopus in wasabi sauce: yum and fresh! -monk fish liver: good! -cheese tofu: comes with slice of bread and honey, not what I was expecting, but taste good -kids menu: comes in very cute hello kitty plate and cover for girls, but expensive at $9 -grilled beef tongue: wish it could be a bit more tender, but ok -grilled octopus: yum -dashi tofu: ok -rice balls with salmon and fish roe: big and taste ok -sausages: not too special but taste ok -boxed sushi of mackarel: ok but not enough fish on top to bring out the flavor  Overall it's a nice meal, not much big super yummy surprise moments but descent.  The service is also good as they bring out hot towel for us in greeting and takes away our used plates frequently to make room for food.  Good for groups to come and try out a variety of things.  

                By far the best yakitori place I've been. The food comes out fast! I could easily eat 40 chicken hearts mere moments after I desire them. Item added to the menu because we ordered it so much? Yes! They will do that, just look for the deep-fried chicken hearts... You're welcome.  The liver skewers are big for liver. Now with the addition of duck on the menu and a full-size squid this place is one of my favorites!  

                izakaya ajito along bollinger road...simple lax strip mall location...parking plenty...tables plenty wednesday early evening...packing up near eight pm...older true japanese speaking clientele...izakaya being a drinking restaurant...food to compliment the drinking...pitcher of beer the first priority...or, take a sake or shochu...starting with recommended skewers...chicken thigh moist, skinless and trimmed of all fat....meticulous preparation...requesting chicken skin extra crispy...guess that's where the skin went...done crispy outer and softer chew near the stick...delicious....beer perfectly cold and pitcher quite large...little over four glasses poured....better deal over $five per glass....lightly marinated raw octopus tentacles a slippery chew...very faint in wasabi...but, fresh and tasty....cheese risotto quite a unique presentation...risotto mixed in block of cheese...scraping cheese and melting in to risotto at the table...quite the thick cheesy solid risotto...bit too heavy and tiresome bite after bite...appreciation slightly fades after a few bites....agedashi tofu good and standard..good crisp tofu shell...good saucing and fresh grated radish delicious....miso black cod quite the small two-finger sliver...milky smooth filet and rich oils from skin tasty...hint of miso flavors...very well done....$sixty-one total dinner for two after tax and tip....forgot to use yelp twenty-percent discount check-in offer on weekdays...  

                Cupertino needs a good Japanese restaurant and Ajito is one of them. The appetizer daikon salad goes well with YakiTori skewers especially the gizzards and hearts. Cartilage is my favorite skewer and this place does a great job infusing the smokey flavor. The clear chicken broth soup is rich in chicken flavor.  

                Their chicken skin yakitori with sauce is super awesome!! this is the highlight of the dinner!!! SOOO GOOOD!!! but yeah that's it.. the rest is just meh.. nothing special or maybe we ordered the wrong thing? not sure but we order thigh, skins, wings, tails, soboro don, grilled black cod with miso, ankimo, and  beer. yeaa everything else is ok nothing special and i have had better somewhere else. So go here and stuff yourself with their skins!!!! SOO GOOD!!  

                Really good. Mochi agadashi- very good. Seared tuna- very good. Karrage very good. I'm comparing the quality to great places in Oahu, so my bar is high. For Cupertino, this is a great place.  

                Super authentic Japanese, down to their "free coffee for women" sign on each table. We got their lunch special with fried chicken, mackerel, tomato salad, miso soup and soboro don. Chicken crisped just enough that the meat fell off with just a gentle bite. Mackeral was personally too fishy and was like a slab of tiny bones waiting to get stuck between your teeth. Tomato salad was surprisingly refreshing though it was so simple and plain. My favorite part of the meal was hands down the soboro don!  

                Can't compare to the japanese izayaka in Japan. Food is ok, service is ok, cocktail drinks are weak, menu selection isn't that much. Not recommended.  

                My first review written as we're eating here.  here goes!  Hot towel to clean your hands. Salmon tartare is good. Sashimi salad is decent. Beef tongue nice and beefy.  Sausage is good for sausage lovers.  Skin is too thick, not crispy enough. Cartilage is more meat than cartilage. Yaki onigiri is too salty.  Heart and gizzard skewers are best. Breast is too dry. Most skewers are too salty. Sauce skewers are better.   Service overall is fine but not exceptional.  Parking is easy to find since the lot doesn't have a lot going on. This place is okay, but not especially memorable, so I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back.  

                cheese risotto !!!  

                Some friends found this place on Yelp, and just have to say thank you Yelpers!  Was yummy, and great low key atmosphere.  Dinner was cartilage, chicken, skin, beef tongue, and a great salmon skin salad.  Will be back!  

                Nice Japanese Restaurant. Feature is Chicken YAKITORI. They use the chicken grown on the ground which makes more juicy.  MOMO; very soft and good. BONJIRI; a little oily for me. KAWA; very softly cooked and very oily, normally cooked very well and dry. I like this style KAWA.  Seasar Salada is very good for taste and looking.  SASHIMI MORIAWASE; Maguro, Shime-saba(Very tasty), Salmon, Tai, each 3-4pcs for one order, which is enough 3-4 person.  GENMAI risotto was so nice, it's cooked in front of us with Genamai rice cooked in a big Parmesan cheese.  And most improtant that they have a lot of Japanese Sake selection.  The cost is a little high than I expected but still OK.  This is going to be my favorite true Japanese restaurant.  

                When i think of Yakitori in Bay Area, i think of Sumika. It has been long staple yakitori restaurant in this area due to its quality of food and grill.  If you like that extra charred taste that makes the meat a bit more sweeter (likely due to caramelizing of the sauce or fat tissue), then you might like Sumika better.  At Ajito, i noticed that they tend to leave their meat without grill marks, if anything slightly under cooked. It leaves the meat super tender. On one occasion, they did undercook my "momo". when asked, they apologized and recooked it to perfection~  my favorite here is the special heart. It is tender and sweeter than regular heart. Lovely skewer and a must try.  the price is also cheaper to that of Sumika. I think this might be my go-to yakitori in bay area now.  

                Jeez Louise, this place was so gooood.  There was barely a wait around 8pm on Friday night. We came for the yakitori because....why wouldn't you? Ordered (forgive me but I only remember the English names) chicken skin, thigh, gizzard, tail and cartilage skewers, oyakodon, black pig sausage and salted fish guts. The only thing I didn't like were the fish guts - slimy yet not satisfying. All the different yakitori were perfectly seasoned and had a really nice charred flavor to them. You can tell the yakitori man takes his craft very seriously.  The oyakodon was also quite good - I would definitely come back for another bowl in the wintertime.   The waitresses were so kind and sweet! Just a small downside though - none of them ever realized our water glasses needed to be filled.. The meal was fairly savory, and we only had one glass of water to quench our thirst.  Will come back again!  

                This place specializes in chicken yakitori, and they do a darn good job with the stuff. The chicken hearts came out perfectly tender, and if that doesn't get your mouth watering, the chicken liver was delicious as well. The thigh was juicy too, but you have to love chicken hearts when they're done right. Surprisingly, the shiitake mushrooms were done very well. Juicy, earthy, sweet, delicious, umami!  I only wish the actual konro grill was in front of us. That would have been pretty fun.   They also serve a variety of small izakaya dishes, ranging from gyoza to grilled squid to salted fish guts and sashimi. We ordered the squid, which was pretty tasty and I normally don't care for it. We also tried the salted fish guts, which mind you, are indeed very salty and have quite the interesting texture. Lastly we ordered gyoza which were okay, but pretty mediocre, and the sashimi moriawase. My favorite of the fish was the shime-saba and the tai. Everything else was just okay quality-wise.  Overall I really enjoyed the experience. The staff is very polite and attentive, plus they take reservations. Will be back to try more!  

                Great lunch specials...good to share for two people  

                Loved the skewers! Got the chicken thigh (sauce and salt), breast, and spicy wings. Wasn't feeling adventurous enough for some other things but the ones I tried were delicious.   Also tried Cod Roe Onigiri. Was pretty big but the rice didn't have much flavor. Still good though.  Friend got chicken sauce katsu don and said he liked it.   Would definitely come again!  

                Authentic restaurant with great food and excellent service. I highly recommend the sashimi lunch box.  Perfect lunch spot!  

                Super Authentic Japanese restaurant.    Brilliant small plates.   Very impressive food with a very nice variety.  Everything from some seafood to chicken.  The chicken is their specialty but they had things from Albacore Sashimi Salad,  Oyakodon to a Chicken Ceasar Salad that were all amazing too.  Ask for a variety to try as much as you can.  We saw other plates that were served to other people that we wished we had room to order and try.  Best of all, our kids loved the place too - they have the cutest kids' plates!!!  Definitely friendly for the whole family.  

                food was okay, quick break down:  salmon tartare - not bad, too much avocado shiokara (fermented squid guts?) - not bad, but warning, not for everyone tofu cheese honey bread - stale bread, nothing special, extra bread cost extra yakitori - liver, skin, gizzards, sausage, all pretty good, they were out of cartilage :( garlic fries - nothin special chicken breast and cheese fried roll - ok whole squid - hella good salmon avocado cream cheese crepe - passsss service - good  

                Ajito has quite a lot of chicken yakitori selection. The yakitori here you can tell is pretty good quality. We really liked the chicken thighs, and beef tongue. The yakitori isn't as seasoned or as salty as other places nearby (sumiya, gaku). The chicken breast one was kind of bland. Overall, they had an interesting menu with a lot of variety of other izakaya items.  

                A solid yakitori menu with reasonable prices, friendly staff, and later hours make Ajito a great izakaya option. Chicken is their specialty so definitely load up on the skewers but they also have unique items like their cheese tofu with honey. The chef and wait staff are Japanese so there's an authentic flavor and feel to the place.  It was already pretty packed on a Saturday night into their third week so I can easily see this place hopping in the near future. Definitely looking forward to coming back to try more from their extensive menu.  

                The chicken skewers are perfectly cooked. I tried breast, heart, liver, skin, thighs, spicy wing and they are all good. Chicken soup is out of this world, best broth ever! Sashimi is made with high quality fish. Other items are equally delicious and very well prepared. Service is friendly. I went there twice and planning to go back soon. Love this place!  

                I believe it is one of the best Yakitori places in bay area. Bit pricey but worth to enjoy authentic ones.  

                We were greatly disappointed by the taste and the price during my only visit there. They were nice enough to take our reservation over the phone but the language barrier was not helping with our ordering process too much. We're regulars at Sumiya and thought this place would be a great competitor but it was very far from it. To begin, the dinner for 5 adults + 2 toddlers was $200+ and we were not even full. Most ridiculously, the $9 kid meal only come with one skewer of chicken, some broccoli, and a cheap jello snack. The cheese tofu with honey tasted like baby food that I could make better at home. The agedashi mochi had a great presentation but was bland. We ordered a variety of grilled food including beef tongue, chicken combo, spicy chicken wings, but all of them were bland and not grilled enough. The salmon skin salad was also bland and the skin was not prepared well. With Sumiya being better and cheaper, I really have no reason to return to this place!  

                Ajito has taken over the space of Red Crane.  The atmosphere is still sleek and sophisticated Japanese new age, but the food is actually better.  Lunch time the bento boxes were flavorful, sophisticated, and filling.  However, it's the dinner entree's that have this yakitori place on par with Raku in Las Vegas.  

                Nothing special about this place, unfortunately. The food was pretty forgettable, although the staff was nice. Our children enjoyed their colorful plates and cutlery, but that's about it, sorry.  

                This place is awesome.  My friends and I come here pretty much on a weekly basis.  Been doing this more months.  Food is tasty and is at a great value.  My personal favorite is the sauced chicken liver skewers.  Then would be the fried chicken hearts.  If that isn't your fancy they do have just regular chicken breast but I can make that at home.  You go out to places to try new things and things you can not make yourself.  Service is fantastic.  All of them are attentive but not checking on you every two minutes like how classically trained servers are trained (I would know because I was classically trained).  Stop by and have some great food with some drinks and support great people and business.  

                Alcohol is too light ( negative ) Agemono is too greasy. ( negative ) the quality of a la carte is chain restaurant's level. ( negative ) Yakitori, momo was good. Yakitori, liver was not good. This restaurant is may be for Americans, not for Japanese who has sophisticated taste.  

                For the service, this place should get five stars. For the food, maybe three. Maybe.  As you can see on Google maps, the establishment is tiny (around 15 tables, most of which only seat two) and this place isn't exactly popular, so the waitstaff will usually attend to you within ten seconds of you showing any desire for service (i.e. to order or ask for a refill on tea).  The food, on the other hand, leaves much to be desired. When walking in, I noticed that they have noodles for people with gluten or other allergies. This really stood out to me because I went gluten-free for a bit, based on my physician's recommendation, and was pretty miserable when I went out to eat, because many dishes aren't available gluten-free and many restaurants don't offer gluten-free options (esp when it comes to noodles). Besides that, though, everything here is pretty typical, and many of the dishes are excessively salty. For instance, the sashimi salad was drenched in soy sauce and placed on a pool of soy sauce. Soy sauce might be a lot less fattening than typical salad dressing, but so much of it makes the dish way too salty. The salmon avocado tartare was also swimming in a pool of soy sauce... extremely salty and not very good tasting for this reason. The beef tongue was, however, an exception. I've had many unexceptional preparations, such as kbbq and other yakitori places, but the beef tongue here was really quite memorable.  I guess a case could be made based on the authenticity of this place, though. Although the Japanese greeting upon walking in is pretty common nowadays, it isn't every day that you get a warm, wet towel to clean your hands with upon sitting down. They also have menus in Japanese and the staff seems to be much better at speaking/comprehending Japanese than English. On the whole, coming to this place is like stepping into Japan.  

                So, this brand new place was suggested from a friend who typically knows his Japanese food (well he is pretty Japanese after all, plus he seemed to know every other person at the restaurant...)  We get there at 7ish and its maybe half full, casual to business casual. We get seated immediately and its a pleasant surprise when they have hot towel service. Personally I think its a must for any authentic Japanese sushi or skewer place. You're supposed to use your hands so it only makes sense, love this..  Appetizers from the menu included agedashi tofu and daikon salad. The tofu was decent, came with 5 pieces and I drowned it in sauce. The daikon salad was surprisingly savory, maybe they use a higher quality bonito or just have a ton of it but it was one of the better salads I've had. Enough salad for 4 servings and was probably why I felt so full by the end now that I think about it.  On the skewer menu: chicken thigh w/ salt, thigh w/ sauce, shitake, and gizzard. Also ordered a black pig sausage for the table which came with 6 short sausages.  So I haven't found a gizzard that I didn't like and the shitake was cold but still good. After previous experiences, I thought the skewers would have been more charred but when I had the thigh with salt, I knew it was perfect exactly the way it was. The expected level of doneness on the outside but once you bite into the first piece you will be astonished at how perfectly tender chicken can be. This might be the first time that I prefer the salt over sauce for chicken thigh. That is not to say the latter wasn't good, but seriously if they could make it exactly like that every time, other restaurants should feel embarrassed.  Black pigs. Awesome. Its not some hotdog with fillers and binders, this is a legit black pig sausage. I'm pretty sure these are an import of some kind because I haven't seen these at the supermarket before. Its much denser and meatier (if that makes any sense) than any sausage I've ever had and a littler peppery. Amazing. If you've never had black pig, TRY THIS.  Rice is white and brown mixed which I liked. Tea was average and the sake selection seemed varied though I didn't partake. About $20 a person which is pretty normal for a skewer place. Altogether a great experience (though that might have something to do with who I was with..), would definitely come back here.  

                The staff was really nice and accommodating, but it took quite some time to get a refill on water.  I was sad to say that the food wasn't all that good.  I bought my son a $9 kid's dinner and he at 1 french fry, so I ended up spending $9 for a french fry.  My wife ordered several skewers, she only took a nibble from each and that was that!  She also ordered the chicken katsu or something similar to that and she was disappointed.  My beer made my food taste better, but the ramen was just not good.  The ramen was bland and lacked a lot.  It was almost like eating one of those "beef Top Tamen" ... the American kind, but with gluten free noodles!  We will not give this place a 2nd chance.  It's more of a drinking place ... get drunk first and then all the food tastes great!!!  I'm sorry I had to write a bad review.  Everyone has their own preferences ... it might work out for you.  The place is clean and the whole setting is peaceful though.  

                We came here for lunch months ago, were not that impressed. yet, We were happy about our dinner, we ordered only izakaya dishes - they are all great. especially squid, eel and duck. My son even ordered chicken tail - he loves it! We all love the salmon skin salad, fried daikon rice ball..really tasty with structure. Will come back trying their hot pot next time.  

                Their Soboro Gohan (minced chicken over rice) is THE DISH to get, better than the one in Sumika grill IMHO, though the portion is a too small for me. The chicken wing yakitori is good as well. I give it 3-star only though because sashimi is disappointing here.  

                love it when these sorts of places are pre-validated by the Ken Ks and Randy Fs.  pretty much a japanese only type of place for now, even the sake saved for you.  specializing in chicken yakitori, no waste of any part.  even though I couldn't see the grilling, nicely done with charcoal flavor like sumika, juicy, tender.  salt better than sauce.  also tried a few other items including the oyako don, yaki onigiri, sashimi salad, karaage.  if comparing to sumika, sumika still remains supreme and has not been displaced, e.g. ajito's oyako don flavor on the mark but egg not as runny and could use more egg in terms of egg to meat ratio.  ajito's brushed sauce flavor not as good as sumika.  sashimi salad was refreshing though a bit heavy on the vinaigrette.  karaage a thinner batter.  overall, you should specifically come for yakitori special parts, but I saw someone eating a yakiniku beef off the menu, so gonna try to special order next time.  

