                This is one of the best sushi restaurants in the PA or Los Altos area. I have eaten here for lunch at least 12 times and the food and service is excellent. One special item they do is the Snapper Nigiri  it is excellent. I have taken out of town Japanese business men here  often and they really liked this place - a testament to the fine preparation and high quality seafood.  

                I was staying in the Palo Alto Marriott and had a craving for sushi so I came across this nice little restaurant.  Although this place is a bit on the pricey end, I thought the fish is really fresh and just simply awesome.     **Place** The location is pretty small but we dropped by around 730 pm on a Tuesday night and we're seated immediately.   Parking is located near the Charles Schwab office.     **food** We started with the tofu for appetizers.   This isn't too bad actually.   The tofu skin is pretty crispy which goes well with the sauce (the sauce is a little on the salty side).     I then ordered the Akane roll 2.  To be honest, I was not a big fan of their roll.   I thought it was plain and that it did not jump out on you.     Hamachi Roll - I actually do recommend getting the Hamachi roll.   It's really good and tasty.    Mixed Sashimi - this is on the pricey side but it's really good.   The fish is fresh and it includes salmon, tuna, yellowtail, albacore, and white fish.     **Service** The service is solid here.  They checked up on us frequently.  

                Impersonal and hurried wait staff.   Small portion.  It took about 8 minutes to get water after I was seated and 3 minutes after they took my order and brought it with the ice and told her three mins ago for no ice.  These little things ad up when you pay $24 for Chirashi and get 8 small pieces and 2 magoro.  I got a eight pickled sprouts for a free apatizer, (A Korean influence I suspect) and a hot towel; I don't give a crap about either of these if I leave hungry after paying $24 for average tasting sushi. :(  My stomach is literally growling as I write this in the parking lot.  I wanted to order more but was concerned with overall value.  I would have gone with star if the place looked like a dump.  Skip this place.    To the manager or owner: just because you're in DT Los Altos, don't rest on your laurels.  Maybe give a free small miso or a salad with that baby Chirashi.  

                Definitely my favorite sushi spot in Los Altos. It's true that they are pricey, but the quality of fish is always high. Service is fast & friendly. I've always gone for lunch so I'm not sure what dinner entails. The restaurant itself is a clean traditional style Japanese restaurant. They offer all of the standard bento box lunches, udon, sushi, & sashimi. My personal favorite is their hamachi sashimi, I order it every time. You have the option of a small 4 piece order or large 8 piece. I am also a fan of their various rolls. Akane keeps things simple & doesn't offer many varieties of rolls, but what they have is tasty enough. Great little spot if you're in the area.  

                HANDS DOWN THE WORST - RUDE- SERVICE IN WORLD. And it all starts with the Owner Chef! He is belittling and ignores his clientele. He should be ashamed of himself the most horrible manners. Don't go there if you want to be a respected customer..Akane specializes in RUDE and OBNOXCIOUS service.  

                Came here for lunch with the good reviews and people in the mood for sushi. We were seated right away with lunch special menus. Half of us wanted sushi so asked for that menu, which is a list of rolls and nigiri with a checklist.  We ordered a bunch, prices are standard, but the waiter came back to say they were out of hamachi! NOOO! He offered a similar fish, but it was not good at all. The fish was decently fresh, but not what I am used to at other restaurants. The spicy scallop was my favorite. Our waiter forgot our 2 orders of eel nigiri and when I reminded him, he had no idea, but it came out pretty quick.  Overall, service is good, and a good lunch spot, but have had way better sushi.  

                I came here rather unexpectedly last night with some friends. After reading many of the yelp reviews, I was concerned that I was in for an expensive dinner and that, with many people mentioning small portions, I may not even be full. Akane proved me wrong. Yes, it's a little on the pricier side, but the quality of the food is SO worth it (and it was certainly enough food).  For four of us, we ordered: 1. Chawan Mushi - my first time having Japanese egg custard - it was super smooth and tasty, but a bit on the watery side. My friend (who really KNOWS her Japanese food and culture) said that it was good but she's had better.  2. Salmon, Tuna, and Avocado Tartare - it came with this sauce that you pour all over it, then smash it together to mix. Surprisingly, it is served with Lay's potato chips - just dip and eat - almost like ceviche! Let me tell you, though, this was SO DELICIOUS. It was full of flavor and freshness and definitely packed with a LOT of fish. I would order this again in a heartbeat.  3. Assorted Sashimi - there were 14 pieces of 6 or 7 different kinds of fish. I honestly can't remember everything that was on there, but I'm pretty sure there was aji, hamachi, tuna, and white tuna (and some others...but I can't remember). They were all so fresh and delicious - you could seriously TASTE the freshness in each bite. The standout of all of the fish was the white tuna - lightly seared on the outside, but the inside just melts in your mouth. SO GOOD.  3. Unagi bento box - OMG. The unagi just melted in my mouth. Seriously - there was barely a need to chew because it was soooooo tender and tasty. It came presented, literally, in a covered bento box - very beautiful presentation; even better taste.  4. Akane Roll II - this roll was super yummy - I think it has tombo inside and is covered with tempura flakes on the outside. Nice and light.  5. Unagi Avocado Roll - maybe I'm just on an unagi roll (haha, pun intended), but this unagi was heavenly. Just and wonderfully delicious as the bento box and certainly the best roll we ordered. I want more unagi just thinking about this...  6. Toro Roll - came with green onion inside. I honestly couldn't taste the toro that much, so I was a little disappointed by it...but it wasn't bad...  7. Green Tea Ice Cream with Red Bean - Japanese red bean. That's the way to go, especially in combination with this richly flavored green tea ice cream. Great combination!  All in all, the food was good. The total price came out to $30/person ($120 total), which is lower what most reviewers have said they paid, but still on the high end for dinner for me (granted, I understand this is sushi and sushi is generally more expensive).  The service, actually, was fantastic! I'm sad that I didn't catch our server's name, but I think our receipt said that she was "Server #23"...if that helps anything...hahah. She gave us fantastic recommendations, was super friendly, and checked in on us to make sure we like what she recommended.  I would come back to this restaurant, but probably only for a nicer occasion so I feel more justified in spending this money.  

                A traditional Japanese restaurant, the food was delicious and also offered the traditional food that typically serve in Japan.  I had the hot pot chef special which was derived from Miso, and that was delicious.  Overall, the food and service was good, but i do see they are lacking of waitress as some of the people including us were waiting to checkout and pay the bill, but waiting for the waitress to come and pick up the credit card.  

                Came here for dinner with friends on a Friday night. We had made reservations and didn't have to wait too long to be seated. Place was packed, which boded well. We had the dragon rolls, assorted sushi, sashimi, and sake all of which were superb. The service was efficient and polite. Will definitely be going back.  

                Their prices and portions are rather reasonable for a good quality Japanese restaurant.   The chicken karaage (essentially chicken nuggets) was enjoyable, but what I would recommend is getting the potato croquettes with this dish. The potato comes with this tangy/sweet sauce which goes PERFECTLY with the fried chicken. I also recommend their teriyaki sauce (w/ chicken, etc.)  The green tea cheesecake was unique and tasty. Their portion size for this is quite small, so don't expect to pull a Cheesecake factory and share with 4 people.   Only complaint: The kitchen closes at 9PM, even on Friday.  

                At this price range, this is probably the best option in Southbay.  For those purists who prefer nigiri over rolls, Akane definitely offers a good bang for the buck in terms of quality and variety.  Nigiri is very traditional, prepared hokkaido style, and complete with garnishes and sears where applicable.  Since moving to the southbay, this will likely become my go-to spot to get my fix.  Sit at the bar; you'll have a clear view of the daily specials.  I would highly recommend the hotate, amaebi, uni, and any of the seasonal varieties on the specials board.    PROTIP:  Even if you are just stopping in for sushi, the Chawan-Mushi here is absolutely surreal.  At five bucks a pop, it is a worthy venture if you are feeling adventurous.  

                We sat at sushi bar and ordered Omakase. We ordered a bottle of sake as well. Overall we tried about 9 different types of fishes served nigiri style, scallop, ebi plus their fried heads  and 2 types of uni (Santa Barbara and japan) plus miso soup. Overall I would like more variety and not just nigiri styles. My favorites were the uni ( of course) and the fried ebi heads. Sushi chef was not friendly and responsive to questions. They looked pretty serious actually. I would have like it better if they educate us more on the dishes eg where the fish came from and what's special about it.  

                Expensive and small portions. Slow service although the restaurant was not crowded. Asked for hot tea and they even forgot to bring it.  

                I tried chef's nabe, sashimi, uni sushi and eel role. Thr vest was eel role!!!! Very tender and tasty.  

                It's pricey, but then again it's Los Altos.  They have really good quality chicken, so I love the chicken teriyaki donburi.  I tried the oyakodonburi (wanted more veggies than the two pieces of pickled daikon) but I would pass on it.  Can't go wrong with egg and rice, right?  Well let's just say this wasn't very good.  It didn't seem to be the same tasty chicken, and overall it was quite bland.    The ambiance is also pretty nice; they recently remodeled so now it's traditional with a fancy modern touch.  

                Our family and friends have been coming to this place forever. Our experience today was disappointing.  We went in for lunch. The waitress who sat us and the waiter who brought us the tea, both seemed like they didn't have time to answer our questions. Even when taking our order, there was a sense of reluctance. Maybe it's a language barrier (they seemed to speak decent English), but a universal smile wouldn't hurt. Food is overpriced as usual. Ambiance is terrible with a giant glare from the windows and doors. Some food is above average; other items are not so good.  Overall, a two-star "Meh. I've experienced better." experience. Honestly, we've been going here for so long, we'll probably be back. But come on. A friendlier staff would definitely help us come back more often.  

                This restaurant serves the best sushi in the entire South Bay Area, period. If you are a discerning sushi lover, this is the best place to go.   Reference points:  In the City, Ino. On the Peninsula, Sushi Sam's.  In the South Bay, Akane easily surpasses Yuki or Tomi.  

                I dine at this restaurant about once a month.  The service is terrible.  We had to ask to be waited on, ask to have a cocktail order taken, flag them down to order dinner and never once did SHE come back to check on us.  Again we had to flag her down for a 2nd Beer.  She was too pre-occupied chatting with another diner she obviously knew.  Definitely not the level of service at most Japanese dining spots.  

                Decent well-priced Japanese restaurant. Service is ok (goes with the price range) and quality is not bad (nothing to rave about neither). Overall, it's a good stop for families who live close by to spend a night out, but I see a lot of dates every time I go there and I wonder how can people choose this place for a first/second date!  Not complaining, not cheering, happy it's conveniently located next to bro's house.  

                This place is dagnam pricey.   Someone recommended this place as their "go-to" sushi place so I had to try it. But man, everything was super expensive and the freshness was comparable to Tomi. All of their orders are a la carte and pretty dinky and not mind blowingly fresh. The only thing I really enjoyed was the tuna tartare appetizer b/c it had a unique flavor.   Sorry Akane, for the price and freshness, Tomi is still my go-to.  

                Akane is one of my favorite sushi spots ever!!  The food is incomparable and always incredible.  A real treat!!  

                Orgasmic tombo tataki, slightly oversauced nigiri pieces, and almost overly friendly customers (that's right, customers....)  I definitely just got offered a free sushi piece here by an older customer sitting next to me at the counter....super nice and appreciated! but slightly awkward...but I digress.  All you have to know here is the tombo tataki. This should be your mandatory item for any visit here. The combination of the slightly bitter kaiware sprouts, sweet/salty ponzu, and velvety tombo (white tuna) was a perfect dish and just melts in your mouth. Be warned the full order is huge and easily enough for 2 people.  My buddy and I also had the kinmeidai (golden eye snapper) and toro (fatty tuna) nigiri. With both of these nigiri pieces, it was obvious the fish was fresh and they gave a generous cut, but both were slightly oversauced with which left a puddle in the plate. Something that can be dividing is they put a dab of wasabi on top and not in between the fish and rice like most places. This can be good in that you know how much wasabi is in it so you don't have any "holy shit that's a lot of wasabi" surprises, but that also means the wasabi hits the top of your mouth when eating and not your tongue, so it dilutes the effect of it. For wasabi lovers like myself that's a negative but for more sensitive people that could be perfect so personal preference.  Overall, I really liked the place and it's definitely one of those places you go for simpler, high quality sushi and nigiri.  

                their rice portion for nigiri is smaller than other places which made the fish flavor stands out more! Very fresh fish. The rice for our 2nd batch of our nigiri is a bit dry though. sashimi salad is also very very good. fried soft shell crab is not oily, very tasty.  Overall, I like it a lot. The only downside is that there's a long line of wait. better make a reservation before you go  

                Food Verdict: Good but not exceptional. Service Verdict: Average service.  They brought me my food, took away my plates and brought me my check.  Went there for lunch today.  I got there at 11:40 to beat the lunch rush and to get parking.  Parking is a pain cuz they have only about 4 spots reserved for the restaurant and the rest of the public lot fills up fast.  I ordered the lunch bento ($12.95) that had tempura and tuna sashimi.  The tempura had a nice batter and was fried crispy but it lacked salt.  The tuna sashimi was fresh.  The miso soup and salad were average tasting.  The portion was rather small so I ordered a Dragon Roll ($13.95).  The Dragon Roll was good (nice crispy shrimp tempura topped with avocado and unagi).  The unagi was a little bit on the blander side (not a saucy as some other places).  If I'm in the area and am craving Japanese, I wouldn't hesitate to go back.  However, I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.  

                My company orders lunch from Akane once a week through <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2FWaiter.com&s=105071b3b9e86403f37d637487af35442a205657261aec64329aa2b06ee848db" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Waiter.com</a>.  I will admit, it's a little pricier, but the fish is fresh, and I've never really heard any complaints from anyone in the office.  I usually either get...  Chirashi: Assorted sashimi over rice.  Good variety, but I wish they included ikura.  I believe my order usually comes with three pieces of maguro, one sake, one hamachi, one aburi bincyo, one tai wrapped around micro greens (so good), two tako, several strands of ika, and two tamago.  Akane Roll II: Spicy tombo and avocado topped with tempura flakes.  Pretty basic, but I prefer that over saucy, over-the-top rolls, as you can taste the individual ingredients more.  I like to add my own Sriracha to spice it up.  Beef Tataki: I love rare beef, and I love this dish.  However, the portion can be a little inconsistent.  Sometimes they give me a lot, and sometimes they don't.  Nameko Miso Soup:  It's basically miso soup with miniature mushrooms.  I love the little mushrooms.  They're almost kind of slimy in texture, so don't get this if that might throw you off.  Today, I had my coworker's extra Spicy Hamachi hand roll, and it was perfect.  I appreciate restaurants that stuff the entire hand roll with ingredients, down to the very tip, rather than load it up with rice.  I do wish they had a little more variety in their lunch menu (there's not even a seaweed salad...), but nevertheless, Akane has delivered pretty satisfying lunches to my company for a while now.  

                The food was pretty good. I wasn't blown away but at the same time the meal was fine. The prices were also not bad.  I really liked their deep fried potato appetizer. It was fried to perfection and very delicious.  Sushi was fine. Nothing memorable but good enough.  

                My favorite sushi place in Los Altos!   Consistently great service, beautifully cut and fresh sashimi, nice ambiance and delicious Japanese food.  Not the place to come looking for really exotic rolls - but they have great sashimi and bento boxes!   I love the bean sprouts they serve when you sit down, the warm towels, and hot tea.   Definitely a solid Japanese restaurant with regular clientele !  

                It's been a long time since I have been here. At least 5 years. Since Sushi Masa and Kitsho have changed owners. Looking for a good sushi place. Akane is one of my new tops, though that atmosphere is a little stiff.  

                Came here for lunch and it was pretty decent sushi for the south bay.  The salmon was a bit stringy and the yellowtail lacked flavor, but the amaebi and the ikura were pretty good.  We also had two rolls (dragon & rainbow), tonkatsu and the nabeyaki udon and they were all pretty solid.  Service was slow where you really have to wave them down to get any attention even though the restaurant was less than half full for lunch.  So overall I would give the food 4 stars for being solid but nothing close to amazing or memorable, and then had to take away a star for service.  

                Delicious, fresh and always friendly service! Solid place for fresh sashimi and delicious rolls. My kids love their mochi icecream for dessert!  

                Pretty mediocre place for sushi. I was on the corporate dime and unwittingly ordered the Chirashi. The shari rice was not great and the fish was not super fresh. Others at my table ordered the donburi rice bowls and I think those would have been a better deal.  We were the largest table in the house but had to fight for service. Even the service at Muracci's is better and that's not saying much.  I would save your appetite for a better place. For Japanese in Los Altos, you will probably have a better time at Muracci's or Sumika.  

                One of the best sushi I've had in the Bay Area. This place doesn't give you a big block of rice in the nigiri; perfectly calculated light amount of rice in the nigiri to emphasize the "neta" (fish) so you mainly get to experience the taste of the fresh fish. Awesome. I go out of my way (drive 40 minutes from home) just to eat nigiri here. Totally worth it.  

                My employer provides lunch via the <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2FWaiter.com&s=105071b3b9e86403f37d637487af35442a205657261aec64329aa2b06ee848db" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Waiter.com</a> service, and every other week Akane Japanese Restaurant is featured as an in-office dining option.  Today I thought I would give them a try, and ordered the Seafood Salad, which was described as a combination of tombo, crab and shrimp over green salad with house dressing.  My experience was somewhat mixed.  While the salad was delicious, it consisted of three slices of seared tombo, one cooked and butterflied shrimp, and salad greens.  No evidence of crab.  The price for this lunch item was $15.  Given that this was essentially an iceberg salad with four pieces of seafood, the price is not justifiable.  

                We weren't impressed with the food.  I had the tonkatsu and found it to be absolutely flavorless.  Same with the croquettes.  Husband had the chirashi and felt it was a little better than average, but no match for Kitsho during its heyday.  Prices are average for Japanese restaurants.  Service was fine. Not worth the drive from San Jose.  We won't be back.  

                Sit at sushi bar, you get your food faster but your bill will take forever. I really enjoyed the seaweed salad, spicy tuna roll, and ebi ten roll but the Cali rolls were ok, I've had better.  I would definitely return.  

                This place as really good salmon and beef teriyaki... (sort of wish they gave out a bigger portion...). The beef teriyaki is a slice of beef cooked medium rare with teriyaki sauce poured on top of it, as well as the salmon. Problem is.. they are SUPER SMALL portion sizes..   I've been here twice, both times ordering the bento boxes... but the first time I went here, I got a really bad stomach ache from the tempura. I don't know why-- but I did. LOL. So, the second time around, I just decided to get beef and salmon teriyaki. I'm a little weirded out by the potato salad served with the bento box.. I've actually never had potato salad in a Japanese restaurant before... did they just run out of ideas on what to put in there?   Waitress was a little odd. My friends and I asked to get a group picture but she said she was too busy to take a picture and to ask someone else. I guess 2.5 seconds of her time to push a button was too difficult to do.  I have yet to try the sushi... who knows, maybe it'll bump it up a star.  

                Loved the sashimi plate and shabu shabu - simplest preparation and presentation, highest-quality ingredients - the essence of great food.  

                The 1-3 star reviews are bogus.  This is a full-menu, high quality Japanese restaurant.  You can't get better Japanese food for the price in my experience in the Bay Area.  We went there tonight.  Had Kusshi oysters and vegetable tempura to start, which were both outstanding.  Also tried an order of tempura shishito peppers, which were great.  I had a negihama roll, an ebiten hand roll, and  a california roll, all of which were excellent.  My wife had a tuna-avocado roll and a salad.  Even the side order of rice was way better than average.  We have been here many time, including  with Japanese exchange students who loved the food, scarfed it down, and stated it was very authentic.  I am reluctant to even try another Japanese restaurant--it's that good.   Don't believe the haters reviews, try it for yourself--you will go back again and again.  

                Francis get's 5 stars for her hard work, alone!  But the food get's an equally fantastic 5 stars!  

                Quite expensive, sushi are fresh but rice ball should be better. Green tea ice cream is the best one I have ever tasted in America. But the hot tea is $2.5, I can't believe it! This is the only Japanese restaurant I went that need pay for the hot tea!  

                Came here with 3 other friends for dinner. We were seated very promptly. Really great sushi! None of that americanized mayo soaked junk. I remember getting the Chirashi bowl as well as an extra order of octopus.  I remember getting the Chirashi  

                Finally returned to Akane after a long break. I am glad it is as good as I remember. I really like their nigiri - always a long slice of fish elegantly placed on perfect bite size sushi rice. Here at Akane, you are always guaranteed an authentic sushi meal from a skillful chef. Just remember the rule of thumb for sushi eating - order as much as possible from their daily special or fresh catch. My only complaint is that their whiteboard special often seem rather ordinary. Uni? Hamachi? Tai? Those are pretty much standard fare. I wish they have more exotic and rare selection. Having said that, they did have some really good quality sanma last time I was there. It was not super fatty but has an unique crunchy texture that was very likeable. I fell in love immediately. The chef even fried the remaining parts for us.   Can't go wrong with their nigiri. If you are a fusion roll lover you might be disappointed. They have a decent selection of maki but most are still very traditional and not entirely innovative. Cooked food and appetizers are good but not great. Chawan Mushi was smooth but too watery. Agedashi Tofu is not crispy enough. If you don't want to go broke ordering just the nigiri I would recommend getting their chirashi. It was nothing fancy but the fish is of good quality and it was very reasonably priced. Unfortunately their sushi rice is not as good as Kitsho or Sushi Tomi.  

                I had no idea a good sushi place existed in Los Altos.  After spending 15 minutes looking for parking, I finally managed to snag a seat at the sushi bar with my friend.  She doesn't eat tuna, so we ordered scallop, hamachi, kanpachi, tai, salmon, unagi, and a Batista roll which was named after my friend.     The itamae was quiet and efficient.  I saw him grating fresh wasabi and told my friend  "He's grating fresh wasabi! YUMMMM!" I didn't know that he'd actually give us some, since I've never had it for lunch.   Everything was fresh and I was happy that the grated wasabi enhanced the whole experience of eating sushi.  

                i had been craving sushi sometime, so when a friend suggested that we meet for lunch and have sushi, i immediately jumped on it!  we came to akane, b/c both of us were in the area, and they take reservations.  i had my standby chirashi, which was good but nothing to write home about.  fish was fresh, but there were no special types...just your basics.  for $20, i thought it was a bit pricey for lunch as well.  

                A colleague took me here for dinner, claiming that it was the go-to spot in the Bay Area.  I had heard that several times already about various places, so I was skeptical.  However, Akane absolutely fits the bill.  We each went with omakase at the sushi bar.  There are four chefs at the bar, and even then, they never stop working.  The restaurant was absolutely packed.  Over the course of a couple hours, we savored uni, hamachi, kampachi, toro, amaebi, hirame, aji, sake, mirugai... I'm sure I'm missing a bunch.  AMAZING.  Each piece was extraordinarily fresh, and it obviously was great to have the chef explaining each piece and where it came from.  It was about $70 per person all-in.  To some that might be expensive, but in my book, this was a great deal!  By the way, we also ran into Steve Young, so that was pretty awesome.  

                I was in the area and craving sushi so instead of going to my usual place in Mountain View, my husband and I decided to check out Akane since it had 4 stars.   I found this place okay at best.  The menu was simple with the basic sushi, nigiri, udon, dinner specials but nothing really interesting.  The prices were also pretty high compared to other sushi places in the other neighbouring suburbs.   My husband had the uni ($12 for two pieces) and the chef's deluxe chirashi ($40).  The uni was fresh but he thought the uni at Niji in MV tasted better.  It was also half the size of Niji's uni serving. I had the spicy tuna roll with avocado and gyoza.  The roll was good but it wasn't spicy.  The gyoza was boiled and then lightly pan fried.  I liked the gyoza but it's not your typical gyoza that's crispy around the edges.    So at the end of the day, this place is meh.  And yes, I have definitely experienced better.  

                GREAT sushi!!!!!  Hope it was reasonable price...  

                Delicious fresh Sushi!  Don't miss the Tombo Sushi, Akane 2 roll or the Salmon Tuna Tartare.  

                Best sashimi I've had in awhile.  Fresh and melts in your mouth.  Yum.  

                Very fresh ingredients, friendly Sushi Chefs (always sit @ bar), nice atmosphere.   I really enjoy the Omakase ("I'll leave it to you"); it's exciting not fully knowing what you'll get and the presentation is wonderful. You can also request any preferred or to avoid dishes. Each selection comes with a brief description, "All seasoning is perfect, no Soy sauce" is the most prominent statement from the chefs.  :)  I had to give three stars instead of four because they charge you $2.50 for a cup of tea and then never refill. Kinda think charging for tea is unnecessary, but if you are going to charge me then keep that cup full and hot.  Cheers!  

                The sushi here is nothing fancy, but it is good, solid, fresh sushi. The rice is just right and the fish is fresh. There are not a lot of sauces on the fish, so you can taste the fresh fish. It is a bit expensive but worth it. The atmosphere is OK, not overly great. If you come here for lunch, come early. It gets very crowded.  

                Fresh sushi & no frills = that's all you need!  Tried a few nigiri (salmon, hamachi, albacore) as well as a simple tuna roll which was just as appetizing. Flavorful fish with a bit of seasoned rice and no other junk! Service was pleasant and prices were fair, I'll definitely be coming back to try any of the specials and the tuna tataki.  

                The Yellowtail and Tuna Sashimi were very fresh and flavorful.   The rolls that I ordered were good, but nothing special, wish I remembered their names. One has spicy Tuna.  The Wasabi was very good, nothing like those flavorless ones. Really felt it.  The service was friendly and good.  The price wasn't too bad, but I did get carried away with my orders haha  Would go back to try other rolls...  

                That's good to dinner.,,,,,,Roll,,,  ,is OK.  

                We came in around 7pm and we were seated promptly. The dining atmosphere here seemed really casual and the decorations were really plain.   The agedashi tofu here is extremely disappointing. I expected such a highly rated restaurant to at least have tofu with some flavor. The broth was too watery, which made the tofu skin feel soggy and the dish just lacked flavor.   Chef's Sashimi Platter is definitely worth ordering since the seafood tastes super fresh and there's 4 or 5 different kinds of sashimi with a total of 12 pieces. A little pricey, but best quality sashimi I've eaten.  

                Best Hamachi sashimi around and great traditional chawanmsuhi. This place gets crowded  for dinner so make a reservation or go early.  My family and friends have come here for years and we have always had a good meal.  I would highly recommend Akane to everyone!  

                We came with a silver haired couple who have been going to Akane for years. They wanted to show us their local favorite so we obliged.  Akane is like most casual Japanese restaurant. Lots of tables, a few simply separated  by a low shoji screen. It had a busy atmosphere, family friend, as evidenced by the nearby table with a child banging her plastic bowl repeatedly on the table top. No one thought to stop her?  Anyway, we had some beer and sake, and hot green tea (which could have used more flavor)... We were each given some sumono (pickled veggies) to start. Half of us got some miso soup. Then we shared 2 orders of Grilled Hamachi Kama (cheeks) and 1 order of grilled squid. Both were quite good, though the hamachi was the favorite. Grilled perfectly so it imparted the light char on the fish. We definitely picked it apart and ate it clean.  We all ordered a Chirashi box for dinner. It was a bit on the expensive side - somewhere between $16 - $18. It had the typical fish included - salmon, tuna, yellowtail, shrimp, etc but it was fresh.  Tab about $160 before tax/tip. Not horrible but not cheap. It's a solid neighborhood favorite.  

                Highlight of the meal was the nigiri.  Ordered the saba, hamachi and toro.  Very fresh seafood and perfect rice to fish ratio.  The toro was melt-in-your-mouth delicious!  Also ordered the Akane II roll, which was so-so--it was a no frills, simple roll.  The salmon skin salad was good too; a little overboard on the dressing, though.  Chicken karaage was nothing special either.  Overall, good food, somewhat pricy and they charge for tea, which is a no-no for me.  

                Love this place--been coming here since I was a kid. It seems to be one of the few Japanese / sushi places that hasn't been swept up by the Americanization of their product. They don't do insanely / inanely fancy rolls in which the fish is drowned out by a sauce, aioli, or tempura bits but they do what they do well.  Service is always prompt and friendly and the ingredients always taste exceptionally fresh. For me this is the best Japanese available in downtown Los Altos; take that how you will.  

                This is more traditional Japanese food, so if you want fancy sushi rolls with colorful names, you'll need to look elsewhere.  Love that they bring out warm hand towels for you before your meal.  I usually order the same thing here (boring me yes, but why change a good thing?). I love the kanpyo rolls, tamago nigiri, and salmon and tuna tartare which is served with potato chips. I also love their miso fish.   We have a favorite waitress here- Jenny. She is so bubbly and friendly. Ironically, she chides us for ordering too much...but how can we stop ourselves when the food is so good?  Menu items are definitely not cheap so if you're on a budget, pay attention to how much you get! Even so, I still think it's worth it.  

                Chirashi Chronicles #7  I've known about Akane for over 10 years now.  I first remember hearing about it as a favorite of the San Francisco 49ers and Steve Young during the long-gone glory days of our local winning franchise.  I had even seen a lineman or two leave from the establishment but had never actually tried it myself until 3-4 years ago.  Most of the time, Akane is crowded and clearly a popular favorite with the local community.  Waits tend to be a bit shorter than the better located Sushi Tomi, but on weekends, we still had a wait of about 20 minutes.  We've probably been here 3-4 times and the first few times I thought the selection and quality to be good, but not quite as spectacular as I had hoped given the many sushi aficionados that name Akane as their favorite.  I do think their prices are reasonable and they also have a broad selection of bento boxes and appetizers that keeps the many non-sushi eating customers and children happy as well.      This time, we were seated in the tatami area due to a very busy night and had a clear view of the white board specials.  We avoided the rolls, except for the Rainbow Roll, and proceeded to order several white board recommendations.  I was more impressed this time than I've been in the past and Akane may be a place where you want to pay attention to their recommended (ie: freshest) selections than ordering your old standbys.  Chawan Mushi - very delicate and delicious but I always hate restaurants that have a minimum order of 2 for this dish.  $5/order, so it wasn't too unreasonable, but what if I eat alone?  Chirashi - I'm disappointed they don't have a higher priced or special version with even better cuts as chirashi is definitely one of the bang for your buck dishes out there.  Still, at $18, I enjoyed their chirashi selection more than most regular chirashi I've had.  They had hotate, aji, and white tuna, but lacked ikura, uni, amaebi (or even ebi) that I usually like as well.  The ika, tuna, and hamachi were ok but I would have liked more Japanese pickles and better rice than typical sushi rice (ie: with seasoning and seaweed flakes).   Kitsho and Sushi Tomi have much better chirashi but they are higher priced as well.  Hamachi - this was listed as from Japan and was fresh, but mild in flavor and butteriness.  Could have done without it.  $6/pair.  Aji - also from Japan and lightly marinated with soy and green onion.  I love the way they cut the slices here....long, thin and delicate.  Great rice and fish temperature too.  Toro - the highlight of our meal and definitely a pricey and extravagant item.  It's also from Boston but it tasted fantastic.  At $15/pair, this is among the highest priced nigiri I've ordered but it was great.  They also threw in an extra piece of seared toro belly over lemon and a nice appetizer of tempura fried fish bones that was excellent.  A once a year order, but it satisfied.    Rainbow Roll - solid selection of fish wrapped around crab roll.  Minimal mayonnaise which is a plus and doesn't mask the fish freshness.    We left Akane very full but the few items did add up quickly.  Overall, I was happy with our meal and learned to be selective when ordering if I come here.  Akane accepts credit cards, including American Express.  

                Horrible service!!! I walked into the restaurant and two of them saw me and replied me with ignorance. After standing for five minutes and waiting for them done TALKING and then they finally recognized the customer even they saw me walking into the fucking restaurant. It is extremely loud and you can almost hear nothing from your company. Hah good luck with this restaurant cause its gonna ruin your mood and meal!  

                3.5 stars but rounding down since I didn't have that "I need to come back soon" feeling after dining here. We came in for lunch on a weekday, and they seemed understaffed. It took a while for the server to seat us since she had to give a customer change and also take down a to-go order.   I got the Chirashi ($20) and also ordered the Akane Roll ($6.50 I believe). The Akane Roll (Spicy White Tuna and Avocado) was yummy, and their sushi rice is the perfect sticky/chewy kind of consistency that I like. The chirashi was overflowing with cuts of different sashimi, and a good deal for $20. However, I got some pieces of tako and inari that weren't my favorite, so had to slog through trying to eat those pieces. My colleague got a bento box with salmon teriyaki, and the piece of salmon was teeny tiny! However, she really enjoyed the flavor and quality of the salmon, so that was a plus. There is free parking in the lots, which can get crowded, but I was able to find a spot quickly and it's just a short walk to the restaurant. Akane is not on the main downtown street, so pay attention to the directions.   Overall, I may come back to Akane some day for lunch, as they have fresh fish for a good price. I definitely recommend coming and trying it out for yourself, as my Japanese friend loves this place and he is quite picky about Japanese food.  

                I'm able to distinguish and walk the fine line between quantity and quality. Sometimes I want to pig out at an AYCE restaurant and don't mind the subpar quality. Sometimes I want orgasmic sushi and will dish out as much as I need to get it.  This place is so disappointing. I can't believe the reviews. I ordered the chirashi bowl and the Akane roll. The chirashi bowl was so bad. I'm not even a sushi foodie but I could tell it sucked. The small scraps of fish I got were tough and chewy. Not worth the few dollars I paid for it.  

                Amazing food, great service, adorable atmosphere! Can't go wrong here.  

                My favorite traditional sushi restaurant. You'll find a really mature crowd here that obviously knows their sushi. This is my family's favorite sushi place due to the quality of the fish and the service.   Sushi with mayo on top? Definitely not. But if you're looking for some fresh fish, delicious omakase, and friendly sushi chefs - you've come to the right place.   +Nigiri - Try some of their specials on the board. Delicious!  +Beef tongue appetizer +Aji Sashimi appetizer  +Deep fried green tea ice cream - they dont always have it but its delicious.  

                Went on a Thursday night. Restaurant was full, but we were seated immediately, and we're able to have a quiet, relaxing conversation.  Great rolls, very fresh and beautifully plated. Large set of appetizers. The salmon, avocado tuna tartar was amazing. Same with the mushroom miso soup.  

                I got Akane delivered to my office via Waiters on Wheels and was disappointed to see that nothing looked fresh. The salmon and avocados were browning, and the salmon nigiri oddly tasted like it was smoked. They used a lot of paper boxes... the presentation was just plain lacking!  Probably would not order for my office again, but I'm willing to believe Akane tastes and looks better in the actual restaurant.   One positive thing is that the California rolls look like they're made of real crab.  

                My most favorite Japanese restaurant in the bay area. I met with a friend from the east coast and we were both deeply impressed with the fresh sashimi, the relaxing ambiance, and the caring service. It was a classic!  The restaurant looks very humble and plain form the outside, but I immediately recognized their quality and uniqueness after entering the door. We didn't order much, but everything, from sake, assorted sashimi, to chawan mushi brought us pleasant surprises! The quantity is small, but the food is fairly priced considering its top-notch quality. It is the place where I'd like to take my closest friends/family to for a wonderful meal and conversation.  Highly recommend it to traditional Japanese food and culture lovers!  

                The sushi, tempura, and gyoza are some of the best I've ever had.  Pretty much everything here is great, although it is more on the expensive side.  However, the high price is usually worth it for what you get!  Never been disappointed here with anything!  

                It's been on my bookmark list for a long time so I finally tried Akane Japanese Restaurant in Los Altos.  It's on 3rd St & Main, behind Los Altos Grill & near Walgreen's.  Had reservations for 7pm on Fri 11/4/11.  Place was busy & loud.  Our table was ready so got seated quickly.  Warm towels to wash your hands/face.  2 small pickled sprouts given before meal.  Tea is extra - not sure the cost.  We ordered 8 things:  Spicy scallop handroll $6.  This was tasty, just one piece.  Live scallop $12 - it's just called that, not moving or anything.  I thought it was ok, B. liked it more.  Saba dinner $17.  You only get soup OR salad, not both.  Not cool in my book - other places you get both. Salad too much dressing, nothing in it besides lettuce & dressing.  2 big slices of saba cut into 4 pcs & side of rice.  Thought it was fine, nothing special.  Eggplant $4.80 - 2 big slices - tasted ok.  Unagi maki $6 - 6 pieces, not that good.  White tuna nigiri aka Tombo $5 - not fresh tasting  Ikura nigiri $4.80- Not the freshest tasting.  Ankimo $6.80 - maybe 6 tiny slices.  I liked it fine.  Separate bathrooms in the back - One for each sex.  Charged it $62.40 + $5.15 tax = $67.55 before tip.  Maybe ok if you lived nearby, not worth the drive from Fremont.  Wish we ate at Los Altos Grill across the street for the same cost & leftovers.  

                Had dinner with one of my foodie friends here, who said that this place is supposed to be better than Tomi Sushi in Mountain View...  The verdict?  Sorry...I still like Tomi better.  However, I do have to say that the quality of fish here is really excellent.  I ordered toro (tuna), albacore, and hamachi, and all of them were excellent fish.  My only complaint was that for toro, I could not taste the flavor of the fish fat, which was a bit disappointing for me.  But the sushi here really was fresh and the flavors were clean to the palatte.  I also ordered the sukiyaki as it was a cold day.  The beef was cooked perfectly, and they used choice beef.  The taste was a bit too sweet and salty for my taste, but I think the flavor was authentic - just like I had it in Japan.  Overall very well done.  A very very good Japanese restaurant here in the South Bay.  There really are few that would stand to compete.  Come here if you are looking for fresh fish!!!  

                My family and I come here for dinner a lot (We found out about Akane in 2003). we come Every month on a Sunday (Some may not believe me but this is a true statement). The Sashimi and Nigiri Sushi is always fresh, seasoned, and briny, in a great way. This is probably the best japanese restaurant in the United States. I can't understand why people vote it 4, 3, 2, or even 1 star! This place is great for families of 5 or 4. They mainly have tables for families, and have about 4-5 seats for two. They have a nice room in the back which can host parties (8-12 people) etc. The room in the back may be far from the waiters, but they come and check in on you at the right time, so you don't get anxious for your food or cheque. I think that the prices are great. We spend a good amount of money on nigiri sush :). The prices are great if you compare the fish prices to Europe. If you go there with a family, you should order the fresh (I think the name for the oysters is kimono?) oysters. The kids all love the oysters, yet when you think of a kid eating oysters, it wouldn't occur often. They have a great kids option, where they serve a protein, rice, and miso soup on a rocket ship (which kids love, because who doesn't like rockets). You should also order nigiri sushi, as it is always top of the line and always fresh. You have to request water because of the drought in California. The namenko miso soup is amazing. Namenko miso soup has mushrooms as well as the miso soup broth. The hamachi and amaebi is great. The toro (fatty tuna) is amazing well. The sake (salmon) is very cheap but is very well seasoned. I am not so sure about the rolls, as I have not eaten them for a long interval. Service the front desk can be a little noisy and loud (strict). But the waiters are nice because we have been there for about 11 years now.  

                Try the nabeyaki udon and the chawan mushi.  Don't have too much sushi/ sashimi on Sundays.  

                Some of the better sushi I've had in the bay area - the tuna was SO fresh and delicious! Def my new sushi place near home and work.  

                Came here again last Friday night and was blown away (and I am a sushi snob, meaning I rarely do rolls). Had the amaebi, maguro, hamachi, tombo, uni, tai, aji, mirugai. And to wash it all down, tenth degree Jinju. Best sushi experience to date! Be ready to drop $100 a head, but trust: it's totally worth every single hard-earned penny.   Thank you, Chef Shin! You're amazing and your staff rocks!  

                Sushi quality is very good; but overrated on yelp.  I went after reading the reviews.  Decided to only order the sushi (nigiri) so to try the freshness of the fish.  The cut is long, yet thin.  There is only a dollop of rice and a very thin wrap of nori, very different from other sushi restaurants, so they can display the taste of the sashimi.  Fish quality are good.  With 2 people, ordering 8 sushi nigiri (16 pieces), agadashi tofu, beef/green onion appetizer roll comes out to $75 pre-tip.   Definitely good but not worth the 25 min drive.  

                This has become my favorite place for sushi in the south peninsula.    I would agree with some of the other reviewers - service is not their strong suit, but it's not bad by any stretch of the imagination.    Fresh fish, however, is their strength.  We almost always sit at the counter and watch the guys at work.  My favorite is the Tai nigiri and the Kanpachi.  The Akane II roll is also good.  

                Note: I've only come here (twice thus far) for lunch and both times got the Bento Box. Their Tonkatsu is cooked to perfection, but the side sauce is too strong.  Rice is really good though :) Miso is very salty. I've heard I need to try the Sashimi so I will most definitely go back!  

                It has long been my contention that when dining at a Japanese restaurant, you often get out of the experience what you put in.  Which is to say that our experience at the sushi bar may not be the same as your experience there or at a table.  But that said, this is some of the best sushi in the South Bay - perhaps the best, what with Kitsho changing hands recently.  We made a reservation ( it's first-come first-served until about 7:30pm on Fridays, at least ), but elected to sit at the sushi bar when we saw a couple seats open.  The small bar seats about eight and has *four* chefs working at it to provide the restaurant with an unending stream of rolls, nigiri and chirashi.  The rule at the bar is you cannot order from the menu - just sushi.  I kind of think that it's there to keep out those who would not appreciate what they are doing there - it was demonstrably flexible when not too busy.  We simply asked a couple of questions: "Do we order from you?" and "Do you do omakase?".  We let them choose.  Dinner started with a small bowl of sunomono, followed by a very good "live" scallop and many nigiri.  The style of nigiri here is a very small ball of rice topped with a fairly big piece of fish - but just a mouthful per piece, suitable for even the smallest mouths.  The fish was all very good.  Amaebi was followed by fried heads.  We got toro, ikura, that sort of thing.  There were no particularly rare fish, but just very well done pieces of the standards.  We finished with a unagi hand roll, and at my request for one more dish, tamago.  It's not a flashy place, but these folks obviously know and respect what they are doing, and the customers at the bar that night seemed to have a similar knowledge of and respect for what they were eating.  They have a sake list, and beer by the bottle - the list is a good one ( in a style which makes me thing the distributor has some sort of template, as I've seen it at other good sushi restaurants in the area ).  They have a few flights in the back, including some premium stuff.  We'll definitely be back soon.  

                My buddy suggested coming here for dinner the other night as he works on the other side of the parking lot and claims that there is great scenery that frequents this venue...we had to see for ourselves! ;)  We arrived a little after 7:30 on a Saturday evening and made it in right before the evening rush. We were quickly seated by a friendly hostess and was served a hot towel by a friendly waitress  Miso Soup - 4.5 stars ($2.5) - Flavorful, not watered down like Korean-Japanese restaurants  Salmon Skin Salad - 2.5 stars ($7) - Chopped cooked fried salmon skin topped over a salad - The salad dressing was overwhelming and ruined the salad - ...why was the salmon skin all chopped up? I would have preferred huge chunks of salmon skin  Salmon Tartar - 4.5 stars ($12) - Raw Tuna over avocado and raw salmon blended in with soy sauce and served w/ potato chips - Awesome Blossom! This was sooo good! :D  Dragon Roll - 4 stars ($12) - Super expensive! - I loved being able to pop a piece into my mouth at a time, instead of the huge rolls from Korean-Japanese places! - Dragon roll was flavorful and super tasty! :D  Service and quality of food was mostly excellent. Clientele was high class as their parking lot looked like a BMW dealership w/ rows of 5 series lined up!  Since this place is Los Altos, it is super pricey! Despite spending over $40/person for dinner, I still wasn't full!  

                I really don't think this place should be only $$ but I guess its because of their lunch menu and such. Their sushi is one of the priciest in the area. For chu-toro it was $15 and most of the items are in the $7-9 range.  It is good but they are not very generous with their fish. The sushi is very narrow so I feel like I'm not getting what I pay for.   Taste wise they deserve 4 stars for being one of the best sushi restaurant in the area, but I wish the prices were a little more reasonable.   The service is average. They passed by our table a few times and had to get their attention to get us water. At night they do get very busy and it looks very hectic at the front. I also didn't like the fact that when I asked for chu-toro she replied, do you know that chu-toro is expensive? Are you sure you want to order that?  Seriously? I've been here before and yes I want what I ask for....Did it look like I can't afford it?  None of this is an issue when I go there with my parents.   Still after all this I would still come here than Sushi Tomi. In the Peninsula-South bay I would say this is the sushi place to go to.  

                Maybe I am missing something here. Sushi wasn't anything special. And it's quite pricy. Most likely being in Los Altos is the cause. Will stick to sushi Tomi in dtmv  

                2 Rolls, 2 Miso soups/salads, 2 waters... $52? Jesus, not everyone is a Google exec, then again this is Los Altos.  Sushi was just like every other sushi place I have been, but the sushi chefs were really nice.  For the price, I'll never go back.  

                Hands down the best sushi place around, always sit at the sushi bar. Great service and fresh fish.  

                TLDR:  Best sushi restaurant in Los Altos.  For straight up sushi in a low key atmosphere -- hard to beat.  Prices are in the high range but average for sushi places.  Food:   The sushi has always been fresh, large and well cut.  Their tempura is solid and their chicken teriyaki is actually very good.   The agedashi tofu is very good -- though if you take it to go doesn't hold up as well.  Their salmon teriyaki is also a good choice.  Ambience:  Its clean and well appointed -- not super fancy but very comfortable.  They used to have a tatami room in the back but now its simply more tables though it is separated from the rest of the restaurant.  Kid-friendliness:  High chairs.  The kids meal comes in a little space shuttle plate that our kids really like and the kids plate is good -- teriyaki chicken, tempura, rice, and a slice of fruit.  Nothing special in terms of components but its all tasty.  Parking:  They have their own lot but its quite small and fills up.  There is a lot of parking adjoining it however so parking has never been an issue for us.    Busyness: It can get busy but its not like a trendy restaurant or anything so the waits are never bad.  We almost always go early and there's no real issue.  

                I've been here 3x. Each time was for the Omakase! The Sushi chefs are all really nice and interact with you when you sit at the sushi bar. Plus all the fish is really fresh! I think my favorite part of the experience is the Anago/Avocado roll. OMG. So good! It totally melts in your mouth. It is a bit expensive but totally worth it.  Total for 2 ppl: approximately $60/pp w/o beer/sake.  Note: Be prepared to wait during prime time as the sushi bar sits probably 8 people and is on a first come first serve basis. They also offer omakase at the table but the experience isnt quite there.  

                This is a very busy place.  Sitting at the sushi bar is a hustle and bustle business.  The chefs are too busy making orders and have limited action with sushi bar customers. We were not given a menu at the sushi bar, just straight order to the chef.  Food:  Very good with wide selections Environment:  Busy and authentic Price:  Average High  Party of three with any alcohol at the sushi bar, our bills for the night was about $134 before tips.  Reason for 3 stars is I am not a fan yet.  I felt like I am missing the traditional link with the chef.  

                It took me a while to find this restaurant--don't know why, maybe because of my map, maybe it's just hard to find :P  Overall their food is not bad--A bit more expensive than the restaurant at the same level, but I didn't taste the extra I paid for it, and not make think "Woow it's so good, I love it!"  Beef Asparagus roll--this is my favorite dish there so far.  Not that hard to make I believe, but don't see it very often.  White tuna tataki--I'm glad that they give me the option to get half order of it. The whole order is like $16, not really the amount that I want to spend on a not-special-appetizer.  It's okay, but most places that I have tried have better ones.  Deluxe Nigiri--According to the menu, it's $18 & up, since the chef picks the fish, and depends on what the pick is on that day, the price varies.  I got it for $18 with Salmon, tuna, hamachi, salmon egg, toro, eel, shrimp, and nigitoro maki (I think there's another fish, but forgot the name.).  I think it's a pretty good deal considering what I got.  They gave big pieces of fish, fresh, little rice--I'm pretty happy with it.  

                **SASHIMI-LICIOUS IN LOS ALTOS**  FINALLY! After so many bad sushi restaurant experiences, dinner at Akane was a welcome respite.  We arrived at 8:30PM on a Tuesday night and the kind staff accommodated us with open arms.   The setting was serene and service was low-key but quite attentive.   We sat at the bar, where the action was. Our server brought us warm moist towels for our hands.  ORDERED:  *CHEF'S SELECTION SASHIMI - Delighted by the freshness and textures presented on the wooden tray.  *SPIDER ROLL - Plain Jane-ish. Nothing special about this roll.  *AKANE II ROLL - Popular roll and it was my favorite. Fresh and flavorful.  Dinner was NOT cheap. $70 for a Tuesday night dinner was steep for this recessionista.  RECOMMEND FOR LOS ALTOS.  

                Havent written a review for a while, but here it goes!!  My family and I decided to deter away from the usual Japanese spot and go with Akane. The place is kinda hard to find with the front door facing a random hallway. Nonetheless, I aint gunna mark my rating down just cuz of location, ITS ALL ABOUT THE FOOD!!! this place is known for the fresh fish and tapas so thats what we went for!  SPEAKING OF THE FOOD:  RECOMMENDATIONS:  Akane roll: Crunchy outside with a spice tuna-like mix in the middle... Ordered this last so we had barely any room to fit but still good!!!  Dragon roll: pretty standard here, very good presentation.. even made the dragon eyes with the octopus legs.  Seafood Salad: Assorted fish with crab pieces tossed in a bomb house dressing and salad. definitely a must-try if you like something lighter.  Beef rolled in green onion: i know this might sound so simple to do... Yes, its meat and green onion, but its all about how they marinate it that keeps me comin back! sooooo good!!!!! 6-7 pieces.  Chef's Sashimi Platter: great fish! good selection. I would say im a sushi enthusiast so you can trust my judgement ;) for $28, its not bad for 12-14 pieces of fat slabs of fish!!!  agedashi tofu: love the tofu, just not so much the condiments. it came with the usual daikon but no green onion! i love green onion! or ginger! maybe cuz im spoiled when it comes to japanese food. oh well not bad.  To sum things up, i love this place and would give it 5 stars only if they were more on time with our reservation. We had to wait an additional 20 min for our table with a reservation. Service is AWESOME! loved the attentive staff. gave us everything on time and with a SMILE! DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED!!!! GEM FORSURE!!!  

                Akane is one of the best places for sushi around.  It is very small.  The restaurant is fairly unimpressive with regard to its interior design.  But, they have top quality, fresh fish.  Avoid rolls or anything that doesn't require the best fish.  If you are budget conscious, the chirashi is the way to go.  You get large slices of fresh fish over rice.  It is a real value.  The fish has wonderful fresh texture and very clean taste.  Another good option is the seafood salad, which essentially replaces the rice with lettuce.  The miso dressing is great and you get huge slices of fresh fish.  If you really want to spoil yourself, go omakase, which is essentially the Japanese term for chef's choice.  You get one dish after another of the best fish prepared pre-seasoned with hand made sauces like fresh grated wasabi.  This is the best way to enjoy sushi at a great restaurant.  You get the best parts of the fish prepared by the expert behind the counter.  It is a bit pricey.  But, it is totally worth it.  This is not the best sushi that I have ever experienced.  The knife work can be a little inconsistent.  And, the setting is underwhelming.  But, the fish is top quality and the price is reasonable.  Overall, because of its price and convenience, I have to give Akane 5 stars.  This is one of the few places in the south bay that I would go to for omakase.  

                Here's a BIG Yelp thank you to all those folks that gave Akane a good review.  My daughter and I came here for dinner and it was awesome.    The location is a bit funky - buried behind a closed-up building with the entrance down a strange alley, but once we found the front door it was magic.  The servers were very friendly and the decor not what you'd expect from the sometimes stuffy Los Altos restaurants.  All of the guests were smiling which said that we were in for a treat.    They first brought us little trays of pickled sprouts that weren't too heavy on the vinegar.  The wine list is simple, but good.  I had the half bottle of J Lohr Seven Oaks that was a reasonable $16.    We ordered California Roll (for the teenager), Rainbow Roll (which wasn't on the menu, but they were excited to make for us), and a modified Dragon Roll (the kid doesn't like eel).  All were very fresh and delicious.  So happy to have found a good, reasonable sushi place in Los Altos and we'll definitely be back for more!  

                Favorite go-to sushi place!  

                One of the better Japanese restaurants in Los Altos, we frequent there when the Hawaiian in-laws are in town.  They love the fresh tuna they have there, apparently the seafood there is of "Hawaii" quality.  Our regular orders include:  -akane roll - the tempura batter crunch that the roll is topped off with is sensational -amaebi - love how you get it 2 different ways, raw shrimp body then you get the fried shrimp heads.  Akane's uses smaller shrimps that are sweeter than the bigger shrimps and they are generous with the portions, I've had 5 shrimps in one serving before. -agedashi tofu - warm fried soft tofu, how I love you so!  The sauce it not too salty like some other places and the tofu is so soft it often falls off my chopsticks and I'm a chopstick ninja!   -dinner bento:  teriyaki chicken and tempura served with miso soup, salad, and rice.  Generous portions, often times we can split 1 bento between 2 people. -sukiyaki - love the broth the goods are cooked in, just the right amount of sweet and savory, love it!  Service here is always excellent servers are always friendly.  One thing to be aware of is they do charge for tea, which is different from many other Japanese restaurants in the area.    Overall: great local Japanese restaurant.  Sushi is top notch!  

                Ah.. More fresh seafood gdness! I really have yet to try their cooked food but my friends tell me it is amazing. Unfortunately, prices seem to have gone up a little and sushi sizes gone down a little. Nonetheless, great hirame (halibut)! Was seasoned v well w e ponzu. Tombo tataki was also great and delicious, four huge slices of fish that came w grated daikon! ($9)  

                My favorite Japanese restaurant in Silicon Valley. Great entrees and fresh delicious sushi. Make a reservation since it is very popular. Thanks Francis!  

                I have been here more than a handful of times now.  Every time I've come here (except for the first time) it's been very consistent.  Fresh, great quality sushi and friendly staff.  They are a little slow but I totally expect it since it's what I'm used to.  They have gluten free soysauce but be careful who you ask.  The first guy we asked goes "we don't have anymore" and repeated himself 3 times.    I was a little peeved cause clearly he didn't understand what we were asking for.  We just said ok and he walked off.  The next person we asked goes "yes, let me get that for you".  HELLO!!!  *shakes head*  Aside from that mishap, the food has been consistent and the waiters are friendly so I'll keep coming back.  

                This place surprised me. It seems every restaurant in Los Altos I've been to thus far has been completely over-hyped and lackluster. But not this one. This one actually merits the crowds that come in the door but I think they get overwhelmed at their own popularity.   Primarily, the staff members all look frazzled at the beginning of dinner hours on friday nights. What's up with that? Maybe it stays busy all day? Oh wait, that's right....they close between 2 and 5 pm! They need to take a siesta in that interim period! Everyone from the host to the waitstaff was curt or borderline sullen.   Prices were a little hard to swallow. But I guess we should expect that in Los Altos.   Good stuff: whoever is making that tempura need not listen to anyone else's advice and just keep on keeping on. That tempura was DELICIOUS. It was worth a trip alone.   Other than that, I think we just got boring stuff. Salad that came with the Bento Box was straight out of the valu-pak and the dressing someone "whipped up" was bland and watery.  Spicy tuna/avocado roll was tasty but nothing extraordinary.    All things combined: would come back but definitely not going out of my way  

                Akane has a great family atmosphere! I enjoy coming here because the food tastes really high quality and the servers are generally attentive to my needs and requests.   However, I've got to take off a star due to the small portions and high prices relationship here. Furthermore, I'm taking another one off because it took fooooorever to have our orders taken last time I was here (and it wasn't even crowded).   Overall, it's a good place in Los Altos for Japanese food. I'll probably be back.  

                After reviewing all the positive comments regarding Akane, I figured I give it a try. My special company and I went there and it is not as hard to find as many have mentioned here. We arrived at 5:40 and to my disbelief, the place was quite empty. We sat down at the table, the sushi bar seemed a bit small and intimidating with 2-3 chefs up there and only 6 or so seatings.   We ordered the a spicy scallop which was not too spicy but had a great seasoning flavor to it. We also ordered toro which came as 4 pieces, 2 slightly seared and two raw slices. The two slightly seard was different but I can see why they served it the way they did, for contrast. We ordered the infamos beef wrapped asparagus and the taste was shockingly amazing, just the right hint of saltiness and not very overpowering.   We ordered a few more dishes and including a bottle of J Lohr Chard, the bill came out to $95. Not bad for a sushi night and we will most definitely come back.  

                Yummy! Spicy scallop roll, hamachi kama, beef and asparagus roll, raw oysters, and spider roll were delectable.   Could have done without the halibut and ponzu sauce, though(chewy skin gave me the creeps and halibut was too mild for my taste).   Overall, a cute place! Though the location is a little funky (kind of in the Walgreens shopping center - was hard to find using Google maps).  

                I had been here a few times in the past, but hadn't been back since we moved nearby.   We waited quite awhile, (it was a Fri.night, and the evening of the Holiday Stroll.)  My personal max wait time is 45 minutes or so, and they got us seated in about that time, (and thanked us several times for waiting.)   WOW! WOW!WOW!  It was totally worth the wait! I had some of the best sashimi i have had in a very long time.  I had the sashimi moriawase, and an order of kanpachi nigiri. All of the fish was fresh, and AMAZING! It is a little more expensive than other neighborhood sushi joints, but it really is well worth it. Sometimes you really do get what you pay for.   It's been 3 days since we ate here, and I'm still thinking about that sashimi. I can't wait to go back!   I also had a bite of my guy's tonkatsu. Again, awesome!  This is the only place I've seen that offers different cuts of tonkatsu. He had the tenderloin, so it was more meaty and had no fat.  He orders tonkatsu frequently at, and i always steal a bite, this is the best I've had, He claims it's also the best he's had since he was in Japan.   It's no surprise why there's a wait for this place, but they do take reservations.   All the servers were lovely, and we got our food pretty quickly.  

                When I first moved to the South Bay in 1997, I struggled to find a good place for sushi trying dozens of places without success until I happened upon Akane and have never gone anywhere else since then. Fabulously prepared fresh fish and great service.  

                We came here to celebrate 4 different birthdays at the same time.  That means a lot of people, a lot of food, and a lot of noise.  My family may "officially" be Japanese, but don't let that fool you into thinking that we are quiet little people, shuffling along as we walk with our arms tucked into our sleeves!    Thus the reason why we reserved the Tatami Room in the back of the restaurant.  Make sure you take off your shoes before entering, or you will get an evil glare from the hostess (kidding!).  The tatami room is an excellent idea if you have a larger group.  The table is long and the seating plentiful.  Perfect for ordering an excessive amount of food and for energetic children who want to switch seats 12 times during dinner.    The food was great!  I indulged in one of the best nabeyaki udons I've ever had, and was also impressed with the fatty tuna sashimi I tried as well.  Melted in my mouth like buttah, haha. With a large house sake being 7 bucks a pop, order freely!!  Sake for all!! Haha. And there's nothing better to top off a good Japanese meal, than with some authentic green tea ice cream!  

                The first time I went to Akane, I made a typical mistake.  Sat in the dining room, ordered some generic bento box and got exactly what I asked for, unremarkable food.  Bland and kind of boring, competent but clearly not worth returning to.  Solid 2.5 or a low 3...  After carefully sifting through the reviews, I realized that I was missing out on one of the better sushi bars in the area.  This time my wife and I sat at the sushi bar and ordered directly from the itamae.  We took several recommendations from him and all were fantastic.  Tombo tuna is normally boring and sometimes mealy tasting, but if you order from the bar, apparently, you get the super fresh and tasty pieces, cut perfectly, thick enough to be indulgent but thin enough to be tender.    The tai was gently salted with a thin sauce poured over it.  The hamachi had a thin peak of ground ginger and a slight sauce over it, just like the high end places in japan.  Both were ultra fresh and amazing tasting.    I am not normally a fan of saba, but the saba they served us was sweet with a harmonious flavor that I've never had before.  Loved it and ordered a 2nd order.   The basic and boring sake was cut perfectly, with the grain of the fish perfectly aligned over a small piece of rice, sliced long (as is the custom of itamae here) and thin.  Melted in your mouth with a clean and clear flavor.   Definitely not cheap, but a worthwhile experience!  be sure to sit at the bar and go at an off time so the itamae has a chance to talk to you.  

                I can't speak for the sashimi, as I'm generally not a fan.  I've heard good things about it though (ironically I heard them the very same day I ended up accidentally trying this place)  we ate here because of our problems at Los Altos Grill (not getting a table despite having made reservations).  The food was decent, the decor and service were lovely.  If i lived in the area, I might come back.    I had:  Combination salmon teriyaki and tempura vegetables Dragon Roll (it was very cutely decorated with seaweed dragon ears, but the unagi was only ok, not terribly fresh) Potato Croquette: pretty good, run of the mill.  Not sure if all of that was worth the $30 or so that I paid in terms of taste and qualify, but I did bring a bunch of stuff home for a second meal the day after.  

                In my opinion, the perfect chirashi would contain the following ingredients: *multiple slices of sake, hamachi, saba, hotate, maguro, unagi, amaebi, tamago, white tuna *ikura (salmon roe) *slices of sweeten braised shiitake mushroom *pickled radish or daikon *seaweed salad (optional)  This restaurant's chirashi had the following pros and cons, relative to my notion of the perfect chirashi:  Pros:   Fish was very fresh and was of proper portion size (not too big or small).  It  came with a few of the usual suspects (maguro, hamachi, sake, tamago, saba, white tuna),  and it even came with hotate!  Cons:  For the price ($18), i'd expected it to be a step above the mediocre.  It didn't have ikura (or even tobiko), pickled radish/daikon (though it did have some brined cucumber, i think), braised shiitakes, wakame salad or even unagi, which i would expect any basic (non deluxe) chirashi to have. I consider uni (which i don't care for) and amaebi to be somewhat  'higher-end' ingredients, so i wasn't surprised it didn't have either of those too.  Overall,i thought the chirashi was just okay.  I suppose my expectations were set pretty high based on reading chirashi reviews from other Yelpers and based on the generally very good rating of this restaurant.  Oh well - the search continues!  

                Four stars with Five star potential.  Great fish.  The tombo and the chu-toro were amazing.  And the three different kinds of halibut.  Usually halibut is more of a starter to whet my appetite.  This time, they were delightful.  As I get to know the chefs, we'll see if Akane has anything special up its sleeves.  

                My new favorite sushi place. The chawanmushi is epic. Epic.  

                Why do we keep going back here? The location. Downtown Los Altos is one of our favorite strolling spots.  It took me a while to review this place, because I'm THAT indifferent about the food. I really don't care for their sushi, particularly the rice. It is tooooo sweet and mushy. (Note: I prefer mine vinegarish and firm.) The rolls are terrible - messy and loosely packed. The cooked entrees are mediocre. Really...nothing to write home about.   Oh, and one more thing. My biggest pet peeve is Japanese restaurants charging for tea. At Akane, it's additional $1.50 per person for bagged (not loose) tea.   Service is fine. The room is fine. Regardless, the place is seemingly doing very well, as it's typically always crowded. (Again, it's gotta be the location.)  Anyway, I believe the place used to be better...years ago.  

                The bf grew up in Los Altos, we still made one U-turn AND backed up the car.    Very pleasant staff and interior.  They bring out the towels, prewrapped, though not piping hot, still appreciated.    YAY.  They have sake flights.  The daiginjo for $20 was EXCELLENT.    I enjoyed one of the rolls.  Ordered the Salmon Skin and the Spicy Salmon.  Just a touch of seasoned rice.  The salmon skin was too tough and crispy for my taste.    Two pieces of Aji nigiri could have been more fresh.    Check out the tuna/salmon/avo tartare.  Perfect, except for the Ruffles Potato Chips presented as the vehicle for the tartare.  WEIRD.    The NY Strip was good, great seasoning, loved the veggies on the sizzling skillet and I'm sure the mound of herb butter helped.  Not the best in the area, but it's adequate for a local dinner.  

                At the suggestion of a client, I had lunch today at Akane. I don't roll to Los Altos very often and was pleasantly surprised that public parking is free! No Meter Whores like in Berkeley. One star.  I got there at 11:45AM and was the first one there. As I waited by guest, the place filled up immediately. A good sign. Two Stars.  The lunch menu was pretty benign with the required bento boxes and donburi bowls. I had heard about the sushi, however there was little mention on the plastic covered xeroxed menus. No Star.  Miso soup, not very hot. Lost a Star.  My guest order the Oyako Donburi and I went with the combo Tonkatsu and Tempura. My bento box arrived before the donburi, and even though I was told to start eating, I politely waited. And waited. Lost a Star.  The Oyako Donburi finally was served. I was offered a taste of donburi and it was spot on, like to came from the Japanese Mothership. The tempura was average. I bit into what I thought was a carrot, but it was a piece of extruded crab.Pork cutlet was fine. OK. Back to Three Stars.  The company of my client was great, which made for a nice meal. $26, plus tip was a bit expensive for what it was. I see why parking is free in Los Altos. As my dad always told me, "nothing is free."  

                This is definitely a five star restaurant. The sushi is absolutely amazing and the service is good.  It's pricey, but you once you taste their Uni and their oysters, you understand why and is really well worth it!  Their Nigiris is truly a delicious form of art and especially watching their sushi chef prepare it, is fun too. He's so focused and really fast, faster than anyone I have ever seen!  The service is great, the ladies here are really nice and they are nice to their employees. I always wondered why waitresses always act entitled when the back is the literally the backbone of the business. I definitely recommend everything here, it's delicious but pricey, like I said you get your money's worth!  

                SUMMARY: Sushi preferences tend to be highly personal, but Akane is my favorite sushi restaurant in the South Bay and I will be back for years to come.  THE GOOD: I love sushi and I'm a snob about it: - My regular order here is the Deluxe Nigiri, which is around ~$18.  Take a look at the many Yelp pictures to see what this looks like.  The fresh fish, the nigiri construction, and the presentation is executed spot-on at a fairly affordable price (I love when it comes on a wooden board that I'm always tempted to karate chop). - I usually pair that with an Akane Roll II, some buttery, melt-in-your-mouth fish sprinkled with crunchy panko coating.  It's a great filler when you're slightly hungrier and nigiri isn't enough to fill you up. - They execute well on other Japanese restaurant staples like chirashi don, tempura udon, and tombo tataki.  The chirashi is my fallback when I'm not in a nigiri mood. - My friend Henry speaks highly of the nigiri hand roll. - Their sukiyaki is noteworthy.  If you order it with at least one other person, they bring out a pan with some sizzling fat on a hot plate, a plate of meat, and a plate of veggies and you cook it up yourself at the table... a fun spectacle.  It doesn't compare to Little Sheep hot pot, but it's a great alternative when most of the group wants sushi but a couple people don't want to eat raw fish.  Don't do a solo order; it just comes out pre-cooked. - Excellent toro nigiri, though super pricy at $15/pair, so I've only gotten it once. - It's a minor thing, but I like how they bring out hot towels to wash your hands before the meal begins, and everyone gets a free small bean sprout appetizer. - Classy decor which got even better when they remodeled recently. - Plenty of water/tea refills. - Easy to park.  DOWNSIDES: - Hot tea isn't free... it costs a couple bucks. - It's impossible to have a group larger than 25 here, as much as you'd want to, and it's hard to bring any large group if you don't have a reservation.  They're awesome about accommodating groups up to that size though with a reservation. - I admit not being a huge fan of their assorted sashimi dinner.  The sashimi itself is great, but just repeats 4 kinds of fish.  I like my variety so I usually go with the nigiri or chirashi, which have fewer pieces of different kinds of fish, plus they're slightly cheaper. - Not open for lunch on weekends. - The service is reasonable but not amazing.  Also food comes out when it's ready, not necessarily in a sane order or at a sane pace. - You frequently have to share menus since they don't have enough. - The "live scallop" is kind of a ripoff.  I didn't find it that much awesomer or larger in portion size than their scallop nigiri (hotate) and it's considerably more expensive.  All in all, I highly recommend Akane.  Thanks, jfrank, for recommending this place to me years ago!  

                MMMM.....came here tonight and had the best toro ever.  First of all, I grew up with raw fish, so saying it's the best ever means a lot.  The toro is really amazing, just melts in your mouth.  The uni, has rich sweet taste.   Bottom line:  Fish is amazingly fresh.  The sushi master tastes every piece of fish before he buys it.  He is unwilling to compromise quality for price and it shows.  

                This just might be my favorite sushi joint in the bay. Kitsho would be a close second. We ordered:   hamachi - excellent. right amount of fat, fresh. maguro - for me, maguro is the key indicator to fresh sushi, it's the first to go bad when sitting long.. and believe me, it was fresh!  salmon - excellent, and hard to go wrong here. uni - fresh!  halibut - decent. red snapper - decent.  scallop - decent. soft shell crab - good. hamachi kama - very good. beef tongue - good.   My only knock would be, while I don't expect FAT huge slices of sashimi (i.e. Korean, Chinese sushi bars), the slices we got were sliced very, very thinly. You might as well give me a smaller looking piece, but slice it just a tad thicker. Instead, it seems like the sushi wanted to create an illusion of a big piece of fish. Not a big deal, but should be noted.   For a local sushi restaurant without breaking the wallet, it's a go!  

                For sushi: the harami (halibut) was divine, hamachi (yellowfin) was also very nice. sake (salmon) was okay. We deferred on the toro (fatty tuna) because it was market price $15 for 2 pieces, which seemed way too pricey. The dragon roll was delicious- the shrimp tempura in the roll was perfectly done. And you must try their grilled sea bass- SOO much delicious flavor in that small slice of fish. If it weren't as pricey (on average $4/piece of sushi) it would be five stars  

                There are many sushi places in this area. However, not all sushi places are created equal.  Let's just get to it then. They have extensive appetizer menu and I'm happily surprised trying new things from the menu.  Cooked items are flavorful, fish are fresh, noodles soups are heart warming.  This is definitely a place to be adventurous and try new things you haven't seen at other sushi places.  

                Good Japanese sushi place.  Must-have: - sashimi/nigiri: decently fresh and good sized pieces. - chawanmushi: very smooth texture.  a little too much broth though, but good flavor.  Good to try: - grilled cod: tender.  but nothing spectacular. - potato croquette: good flavor. nice crust. nice filling. - agedashi tofu: good broth. tofu just ok.   Overall: food: good service: good price: normal pricey japanese meal. atmosphere: nice casual japanese restaurant feel  

