                This review is for 1/29/2015:  This little place had caught my eye a while back and I'm glad j finally had a chance to try it!    A night out with coworkers was in the works and we needed a place for dinner.  The planning fell to me and I chose alaMar.  Luckily the Oakland Restaurant Week menu was still being offered!  True to form my coworkers were super late, and that's not a good thing when you have reservations!  That didn't phase the staff one bit though.  I found a spot at the bar and enjoyed one of their bourbon cocktails as I waited for the stragglers to trickle in.  The food was excellent, the drinks well-made, and the staff lovely.  Needless to say my coworkers were super impressed at my "night-out" planning skills, Thanks alaMar!  Definitely a hit, I'll be back.  

                OMG! We accidentally stumbled into the wrong restaurant and it was ah-mazing! The limited menu has so much yumminess. We had the truffle chips, chicken confit, mussels and the white shrimp. I ate 2 meals in one night and I'm not a big girl.  The bread was crusty, warm and full on butter.  Delicious meal and I'm happy to pay the price for great, flavorful food. A must eat place for me for sure!   I would have given it 5 stars but the mussels were eck.  

                Rating: 3.5  Only street parking is available, so be prepared to circle around a bit for a spot.   Since they don't take reservations for groups of less than 6, it surprisingly wasn't too hard to get a table for 2 on a Friday night. We started with the COCONUT SHRIMP LOLLIPOPS. I was a little underwhelmed because I expected something else. It was like ground shrimp mixed with shredded coconut balls on a stick. The thai basil cocktail sauce was really good though. The server explained to us that this was an establishment that served food family style. The MANILA CLAMS came out next with a basket of toasted bread, and we just dug in with our hands. The clam sauce was amazing and we soaked the bread with the sauce. Next came the BLACK ANGUS BRAISED OXTAIL. This dish was so oily, but the oxtail was tender and fell off the bone so easily. We should've ordered some rice because that sauce was amazing.   We ended the night with TCHO CHOCOLATE MOUSSE CAKE and the FALL APPLE FLAN. The flan is definitely not the most photogenic, but it tasted like a sour apple pie in flan form, yum! The mousse cake on the other hand tasted like a ball of chocolate. Good ice cream, but nothing to jump out of my chair for.  

                This review is for 3/7/2015  I have been wanting to come here since it first opened. Eager with anticipation, I finally came upon the chance to make it here.   Wife and I walked in and we choose to sit outside as the weather allowed it. We were immediately seated which was nice given how busy it was. Wife ordered a beer and Tequila shot while I stuck the with water. And this is where the visit begins to fall apart: the food. Wife wanted to try the coconut shrimp lollipops and I wanted to start with the bone marrow, which we did. The lollipops were not received well by wife, probably because she was expecting something different. I didn't care for them due to the fact that they didn't really taste like shrimp to me, more like what ever they use as filler. I could not taste the coconut as well, I could feel the coconut in my teeth, so it was there -- but not enough in my opinion. The Bone marrow was lackluster -- I still expected more. I felt that the richness of the marrow was killed due to the over use of herbs and citrus.   I don't know, maybe I expected to much from the place given the praise its been getting from others. Perhaps I have a varied taste. Its possible that wife and I are not small places type of people. Would I try this place again, maybe after they change the menu -- this missed the mark. I spent 40 dollars on two starters, a beer/shot combo. Oh how our money doesn't go as far as it used to... Left hungry and discouraged.  

                Oakland Restaurant Week led us here! We've been meaning to try this place as I keep seeing it on my Yelp newsfeed. We thought ORW is as good a time as any to try this place, especially with that prix fixe menu!   As it was our first time here, we decided not to go with the prix fixe after all. We just wanted to order a bunch of different things and share them. We started with the Happy Hour Oysters as they were only $1 each. They were a perfect start to our meal. Very fresh and tasty! The hubby had a glass of their Pinot Noir which is part of their HH special and he really liked his wine.  I had The Next Fig Thing cocktail which had bourbon, fig butter and balsamic reduction among other things and I really liked it too. Silky, nicely balanced and very drinkable. A lightweight like me would have to be careful with a drink like that. I can easily drink a few of those things and before I knew it, I'd be in big trouble.   We shared the Tornado Crisps with Aioli, Roasted Bone Marrow and Braised Oxtail for our mains. The potatoes were perfectly crispy and yummy with the aioli. The bone marrow spread like butter on toasted bread and the braised oxtail was tender and oh so flavorful.  I only had a bit of the oxtail as I wanted to leave room for dessert. If you're hungry and need something substantial, then the oxtail would be a good choice. It would surely satiate you.   For dessert we had the Portuguese Pumpkin Donut. I thought they'd be really warm, puffy and light, but these were dense. The flavor was good though. I really needed something light after that heavy meal. It came with ice cream so I savored that! I also had an Americano with the dessert.   If you plan on coming on a Friday night like we did, the earlier the better. We got here a little after 5 and it wasn't busy. We sat in the main dining room as the bar was full, but the dining room filled up fast when the after work crowd started rolling in in groups. Be prepared to be hearing other diners' conversations too 'cause the tables are spaced pretty close to each other.   We definitely plan on returning to taste the seafood as this is a seafood place. Perhaps not the crab as I don't like to make too much of a mess in a restaurant. Maybe the shrimp if I feel like getting somewhat messy, but definitely more of the Fig cocktail and oysters for sure!  

                2.3 stars for first time here. Suffice it to say, way more impressed by the company I kept than the food.   Why deem yourself a seafood restaurant and not have one fish entree on the menu? Why were we seated close to :30 after our reservation time, give our whole party of 8 was present?  Why is it so achingly loud inside, I had to lean in just to talk to the person next to me? Crowded space, bit claustrophobic. Dark everywhere.  For the remainder of ORW, it's all or nothing: either entire table orders a la carte, or the prix fixe.  Was not too impressed by quality of food. This newish place still has miles to go to nail down the pace of the service (though horrible, we still tipped 18%). Discombobulated it was yesterday night.  The best thing the whole meal: my yummy Claiborne & Churchill dry Riesling and the ice cream plated to the side of the pumpkin "donuts" (too tight and dense, just like the meatballs) :(  

                Another signature Oakland foodie pop up near the uptown/lake merritt area. Came here on a Saturday night and not to my surprise it was packed.    Food:  Clams in a spicy sauce - I don't even like clams....but the sauce made me like this dish. Very nice spicy kick!   Bone Marrow - I can't remember the last time I had bone marrow. It wasn't bad, but didn't stand out either.   Ox-tail - I loved this dish. Well I love ox-tail to begin with so that made it easier for them to blow me away. Very savory dish.   Service:  Very attentive staff even when crowded.   Environment:  Great location. Great clientele. Great service. Great decor. Love it!   Price:  For the type of food it is properly priced. I'd say $20 per person on average.   Food: 4 Service: 5 Environment: 5 Price: 4  

                Feasting with 8 of the besties tonight to celebrate the Giants win and our dearest bff's birthday dinner. Alamar is fairly the newest kid on the block of many good eateries in the neighborhood. Alamar's concept is the new American peel and eat. Time to get messy and grub.   If you read any of my reviews, y'all know how we get down. Small selective menu and tapas style?  Ohyeah, let's order everything LOL  Appetizers: Local oysters-Yes I like it raw Dungeness crab poppers-enjoyed every bite Bay scallop salad-superb! the grapefruits and scallops made it a delight Petite chicken-wings with bacon honey glaze! licked every bite Parmesan truffle tornado crisp-crunch crunch chips! Brussels sprouts-carmalized-I want to know how to make this!!  Main: Peen n eat white shrimp-Romesco butter, lemongrass, french fingerling potato-better than Boiling crab!!  Penn cove mussels-spanish saffron, bacon lardon, orange bitters, ancho chili, thai basil. -Slurp slurp and dip my bread on the sauce.  Braised black angus oxtail-chipollini onion, tamari, agave glazed sunburst, squash cilantro-Life cannot get better than this. Tender and swoon!  Tostones double smashed plantain-tomato salt, sundried tomato & basil aioli. Quite the disguise, picture a round ball and inside is plantains. YUM!!!  Dessert: Peach flan-I wasn't fond of it.  Ice cream sandwich puffs-YES you know I heart ice cream and inside a puff pastry? yes we had coffee ice cream, caramel mocha and pistachio crumble.  What more can the 8 of us ask for? Thank you Alamar!!  

                Oh my peel and eat shrimp... not at all what you would generally expect. In fact, when I saw the price, I was skeptical to say the least. Then when they brought them out in a cast iron pot I was even more dubious, as it seemed light on the prawn - then we started digging in. Oh... oh... YES! Delicious! Oh and there are more shrimp under the butter goodness of sauce.   Great service, and they surprised me in making peel and eat shrimp taste better than I had ever had it before.  

                So I've been to this place a few times and think it's really good. They have unique items on their menu and everything is really tasty. As a vegetarian they have a lots of vegetarian appetizers and only one vegetarian entrée (plantains stuffed quinoa). One of the best things they have there is there bread. It is fresh, thick, and has lots of butter. Their cocktails on the other hand are just okay nothing really amazing about then and they are pricy. This place does have a nice ambience and a fun outdoor area. I do wish they had better happy hour deal and more vegetarian entrée options.  

                Forget Luka's and the District, Alamar has the best oyster's in town!   Alamar's oyster is so much bigger and tastes as if it has just jumped off the boat. And with their $1 per oyster price during happy hour (M-F 5-6:30) they definitely can't compare. A dozen oysters please!  Might I also suggest a balsamic fig drink that is out of this world? (I just wish this or any cocktail for that matter was listed on their happy hour menu).   I will be back and back and back again Alamar, keep those Oysters coming.  Side note: skip the tostones (plantains) - a little too fried and salty for my liking.  

                Restaurant Week in Oakland is my favorite!  My two guy friends chose this spot because they were craving seafood. We did not have reservations on Friday but were promptly seated within 10 minutes. We decided to all go withe the prefixe meals with a round of drinks. I did not drink because I am on a no alcohol diet until the end of April but drinks were well-made since there is a full bar.   The prefixe meal came with the options of 1) meatballs or arugula salad 2) Shrimp platter or (I forget) 3) sorbet or fancy donuts   I got the arugula salad, shrimp platter, and the sorbet. I was quite surprise that the arugula salad was a full portion. The dressing was light and the pommegrante bits gave it unique bite. My favorite has got to be the shrimp platter. The shrimp was so flavorful, the broth that came along was soo good. I highly recommend asking for the waiter for some warm bread to dip the broth. The only thing that was a little disappointing was the the portions. I wished they gave a little more shrimp. Request for some bread so you will leave full! The dessert was just okay, it tasted a little too healthy for me., but we didnt want to get he doughnuts because we were all watching our weights. We will definitely come back and maybe next time for the full portion of the shrimp platter.  

                ***Oakland Restaurant Week Review  Location: Off of Grand Avenue, corner restaurant. Street parking but is difficult to keep circling area, there is a parking lot which you may pay $10.  Customer Service: I'm not sure if it was Oakland's Restaurant Week and there was a higher volume of customers than usual but our server seemed frazzled. We had to remind her a couple of times for certain things that was part of our order. One appetizer didn't come so we just said forget it. Also the lady that had seated us that was taking care of the reservations was a bit rude. We all had sat down and with the room being filled with tons of people the other half of the table didn't hear her when she tried explaining the menu, that she made it a point to speak louder and said "I need everybody to listen." I had to tap the rest of the people at the end of the table because they didn't notice her speaking because they were looking at the menu and the noise level was a bit high with the surrounding tables. This wasn't their fault that they didn't hear her. But the way she said it; her tone of voice really threw us all back.  Decor: I love how the sign sticks out, you can see in my pictures. There is outside dining with big heat lamps which is great! When you walk in the restaurant it's not that big but it's great they have a bar in the corner and as you look around the chefs are working on the other corner of the room. I also liked how they had the sinks where you can wash your hands since they do serve seafood.   Presentation of Food: Everything was beautifully plated!  How did the food taste?: I L-O-V-E-D everything I ate this night, except the crispy stuffed goat cheese! I loved cheese but I guess the goat cheese just didn't do it for me. The Parmesan Truffle Tornado Fries was soooo good! The Brussel sprouts were AMAZING the apples and the thick pieces of bacon were great! I chose the albondigas for my appetizer; when they came out I thought to myself well two meatballs ok.....but when I took my first bite it just was sooo good plus the potato puree was great and every bite was just worth it! My other friends chose the salad and it was just as good but I recommend the albondigas! I had the gulf shrimp as the entrée and let me tell you, it was also just AMAZING! This is really up there with the flavorful broth. I swear my bf and I have tried almost every Cajun shrimp place and we both agreed that this is up there on our top three with boiling crab and rockin crawfish sauce! LOVED IT! Lastly the dessert was to die for! Pumpkin filled Portuguese donuts with butterscotch gelato, just yummy!!! I also forgot to mention that my friends and I got the $10 tasting menu which came with a glass of Prosecco in the beginning and a wine of your choice!  Overall Experience: Besides the customer service everything was great!  Would I Come Back?: Yes!  

                Well I wish I had a better experience here considering the high ratings. I think the food we got was just WAY TOO GREASY! I wasn't expecting such a heavy southern style palate of food.  For appetizers we got the oysters which were really good! And the tornado crisps which were my favorite! I love anything crispy so these were a win. The scallop salad was OK, nothing too special.  For main course we got the oxtail and the chicken. The oxtail was flavorful but it was just was so fatty and greasy, it was hard to eat after awhile. Same for the chicken, it it was covered in sauce which was so rich and hard to eat. I appreciated the flavors but both dishes were just too much. I did like the corn on the cob  and the bread as sides. Probably won't be back.  

                A friend has bought herself a place and moved, after five years of living right by the Embarcadero in the city, to the East Bay. I had been wanting to try another uptown place and that seemed like a perfect opportunity. After working out with my trainer and some more swimming, I feel that I could eat a horse. Which is not a good thing considering tomorrow I'm going to be running dead last (again) with my ultra runner group of super fit buds in Marin Headlands. But... AlaMar is calling.   Chef is Dominican, his wife is Chinese. Menu is southern, American, seafood, with Asian influence. Restaurant decor is something you'd see in trendy parts of Portland, or Williamsburg, it has the "too cool to be San Francisco, and no need to feel inferior" vibe all over. It's a bit industrial meets swanky meets chic like you'd see in Wood Tavern or Haven or Chop Bar or Mocking Bird. In another word, this is very Oaklanderish and not your usual suspect of San Francisco restaurant. As such it wows and impresses those who want to try something different, completely different.   Everything here is about local ingredient. Your local oyster, soft shell crab, and crayfish. Had such a hard time to settle with what to order, despite the menu is not so overwhelming, because everything looked good. How do I know? Just look at the neighbor's table.   Unlike some of these noisy San Francisco restaurants, the restaurant is more chill, and people ate meals happily, on occasion they would chat with you, but no one is trying to dominate the room. It feels more civilized, as a restaurant ought to be. Some of the Mission based restaurants have become so loud and crowded, despite how much they charge the meals, it felt déclassé.  For a San Francisco transplanter like my girlfriend there, it was an unusual concept. A place you can eat and have a proper conversation. Imagine that!  Crayfish looked delish. Ordered that. Chicken drumsticks came out of the left field, I spotted the table to the left of me having that dish. It looked amazing. Soft shell crab came with snow pea shoots. Very tender and unusual. My neighbors to the right of us were having a lobster to share, which turned out to be huge and pretty. It's their second time to this place. I made mental note to go back for that.  Blue bottle French press decaf to wash it all down.   Read the reviews. It appeared that this place had been popping up as the top 25 new restaurants to try in the bay area by Zagat, July 2014 edition. Did not realize that it's only been around for less than 4 months.   The best part was that I called thirty minutes out, as the restaurant does not take reservations for less than 6. They put my name on the list and then texted me and told me that they'd text me when the table was ready. Yep, a restaurant that has a soul and gets that wowing customer, rather than turning them away, is a good thing.    My friend raved about this restaurant to me. She said that this is so great. And that she's so happy to finally moved to the East Bay. It's only 15 minutes to Berkeley! She exclaimed. For some hipsters, going to East Bay is a trendy thing. For others, it's a place of residence like any other. But for all people, alaMar's making an entrance into the uptown Oakland is a great thing. It needs no bookmark or further remembrance. Because the next time I should try to impress a fellow food connoisseur, I know where to take him/her.  

                First thing...Ox -tail tacos. This is something you don't see everyday. The flavor was excellent and every tasty. I ordered 2, but could have gone with 3.   Overall, the local is small. It doesn't look like it can handle large groups.   Their menu is small, but has a good variety. Their portions are also a bit small, but I think not too over priced for what you get.   I have to go back to try other items on the menu.  

                We came. We ordered. We destroyed.   I suggested alaMar because it is a relatively new neighborhood joint that we had not yet explored. It didn't hurt that a friend offered to buy us dinner :) The restaurant was surprisingly crowded for a Tuesday night, a good sign!  Our friend suggested the lobster and I certainly wasn't going to argue with her. Charred asparagus and smashed plantains were chosen as sides. Each order of lobster is accompanied by a basket of amazing grilled, buttered Acme bread. I ate a whole basket by myself while we were waiting for the entree.  The asparagus seemed to be dredged in corn starch or flour and sautéed in butter. There was a slight crust to it, salty and buttery. I would not have prepared it so heavily myself at home, but butter and salt are over used restaurant staples. There was also a faint taste of ash, which was the "char" in the name of the dish.   The smashed plantains were pretty much salty, soft banana chips. It's accompanied by a yogurt, cucumber and dill sauce like for falafel.  Our lobster was very cute and tiny. I didn't think that it would be enough to feed us, but it was large enough for a substantial taste. The lobster was nice and buttery. The lobster was nicely done and well seasoned enough not to need the bed of sauce.  alaMar also has a full bar so you can enjoy beer, wine or spirits with your meal. I had the "Bay Vieux Fashioned", basically an Old Fashioned, poured the exact way that I like. I'd definitely come back for some shellfish, buttered bread and drinks!  

                Stopped in here with a colleague for a happy hour wine and some appetizers.  Great service and I especially love the crab poppers and brussel spouts. There is a nice large table in the front for bigger groups. Perfect for an after work happy hour.  

                We came on a Friday night around 7:30 with no reservation. It was packed! Luckily, we only had to wait about 15 min for an outside table. They have heaters as well, so the coolness of the night wasn't a factor.   The menu is very limited in choices. I was a bit bummed that their menu seems to be different than the yelp reviews/pictures. I was looking forward to the soft shell! But it's also good that they're constantly changing to give more variety.   V started with one of their signature rum cocktails, and found it delicious.   We ordered a half dozen oysters, side of tostones, mussels for me and braised oxtail for him. All main entrees come with bread and corn.   The oysters were a treat! Super fresh, good size, and refreshing! Loved them and recommend!   After the oysters came, the rest of the meal took verrrryyy long. I don't blame them, it's a packed house. But I wish it didn't take 45 min to get our entrees.   Our side of tonstones actually ended up coming out about 15 min before our mains, so we just ate that as an appetizer. Simple, tasty. V enjoyed the sauce that accompanied it.   My mussels were ok. There was a decent amount and the sauce was fine. V enjoyed his oxtail. But neither of the dishes really wowed us enough to want to eat it again. We both loved the bread that came with it, but wish we got more than 3 pieces to sop up the sauce! Since both of our entrees came with bread, does that mean each dish only gets a piece and a half?   V ordered another cocktail when we got our entrees, and didn't get it until we finished. But that drink was his favorite out of the two so he didn't mind the wait.   Dessert looked tempting, but I didn't really feel like waiting another 30 min for a dessert dish.   Service was friendly, but a bit scattered.  

                I walk my pug Sweet Pea past this location almost daily. Disclaimer - I adore shellfish beyond what is normal.  I could live life without another delicious rib eye steak, but the thought of never again enjoying a sea creature with a shell brings a tear to my eye.   Since I found out that crab would be a signature dish, I have been anxiously waiting and anticipating the opening of this new restaurant in Uptown. My expectations were high and alaMar does not disappoint.    You can feel the love that went into this restaurant that serves New American cuisine.  The service is attentive and top notch.  It was noticeable, authentic and improves the dining experience. Some places leave your feeling like customers are an annoyance.  It takes me to a happy place when I feel like my business is truly valued and appreciated.  I love the design; the space is  very comfortable with a modern feel and nautical splashes. Every dish is appropriate to eat with your hands, so the communal sink is a unique and special touch. The dog friendly, outdoor patio was a delightful surprise.  It is on Valdez which is not a busy street and is perfect.  The gorgeous heat lamps come in handy and add to the decor.  alaMar  is serious about cocktails and the bar is fantastic. That's All Folks cocktail (5 stars)- vodka, carrot and ginger concoction was delightful. I knew it was the start of a culinary love affair when I saw Gruner Veltliner (5 stars) on the white wine menu. One of my favorite varietals and they serve a good one at a decent price point.  Now on to the food.  Its a great place to go with a group because the food is meant for sharing. The fries are a tasty appetizer but they are best described as potato crisps not fries (4 stars). I would suggest they add real pomme frites because they would be a perfect accompaniment to several dishes.   The crab poppers are tasty, the crab is really fresh but I do not need to waste stomach space with the thick coating (3.5 stars).  After 2 tastings I will skip them next time.  The shrimp boil with romesco butter looks great and tastes better (4.5 stars).  Loved the subtle flavors.   The mussels (4 stars) were also delicious with a creamy saffron and basil sauce.  Delightful.  The signature dish is the chili crab (6.5 stars) which is flavored with lemon verbena and coconut cream.  Good crab is hard to find so I could wax poetic for hours but instead will rate it 6.5 stars.  The crab was so flavorful, delicate and tasty. I did not even need the sauce which was decadent and scrumptious. Would be perfect with the previously mentioned desired french fries.   alaMar is a neighborhood hotspot. This place gets a 5 star review because on both my visits,  I was anticipating my next visit while still there. Highly, highly  recommend for any seafood lover who appreciates great food, service and ambiance.  

                Last night was an extremely disappointing experience. A few friends and I decided to check out a few new restaurants so we chose to go here.    We didn't even make it inside, as the host was extremely rude.  To be fair, it looked a little busy as we were starting to enter so we wanted to speak with the host regarding the approximate weight time.  our solution was to simply sit at the bar and wait it out, however the host repeatedly spoke over me, and wouldn't even allow me to speak.  Time after time, as I attempted to say to him please nudge us  at the bar when you're ready, he insisted on speaking over me nearly shouting, "I'm too busy to talk now - I'm too busy to talk now".   Shaking our heads in disbelief, we politely left and headed over to Homestead, where we enjoyed a fabulous bottle of wine and excellent service.  

                Seriously amazing. As far as the restaurant goes, anyway. I came here on a date because we wanted to try the $1 oysters. Right away, the service was really great - attentive and genuinely friendly. The cocktails were totally on point, interesting and delicious but not fussy. The oysters were so good, we ordered more as soon as we were done with the first plate. I also tried the chicken wings confit which were crispy and juicy and perfect. Everything came to only about $40, hell yeah! After we left though, I brought my date back to my place, and she tearfully sang Christmas songs to me for about half an hour, some holiday standards, some that seemed improvised on the spot, and intermittently replacing the word "Christmas" with "oysters," as in, "simply having a wonderful Oystertime."  So just be careful who you bring here.  

                I have to welcome alaMar to the neighborhood! It's nice to have a small establishment like this nearby.  I was here last Thursday for the grand opening. I was there an hour before my friends ended up arriving. I didn't have any reservations, but was able to get my name down on the list. The hostess that was helping me was very sweet and accommodating. I wish I remembered her name because even though my friends ended up arriving 20 minutes after our reservation, she was still able to be flexible and she remembered me by my first name even after I left.  So of course, as with any opening, there were a few hiccups, but not too many. Once my friends arrived, we got seated at the communal table. Not a bad thing, but they had our seats all on one side, which would have made conversations very difficult. Also, there was another patron, sitting down next to the stool I was about to take, that kind of snapped at me because the "seat was for her friend", that hadn't shown up yet. I quickly called the woman over that sat us down to handle the situation. During this time, another group was leaving the communal table, and they're seats made more sense for a party of three. Two seats on one side and one on the other. We dove in and took them. Plus, I wanted to get away from the woman that had snapped at me because I already knew, she was going to bug me the whole night.   Anyways, onto the food and drinks! We ordered a bunch of items from the menu. This is what we got: Pepper Spiced Parmesan Calamari, Petite Chicken Wing Confit, Crispy Stuffed Goat Cheese, Tostones, Parmesan Truffle Tornado Fries, and for dessert, Housemade Beignets. One thing is for sure, the chicken wings are to die for!!! They were everyone's favorite! You literally have to eat them with a fork because the meat falls right off the bone. The fries were pretty amazing and they aren't just ordinary fries. Just order them. Everything else was good, but keep note that the calamari is a small order. If you are with a group, it's best to order 2 or 3 of them. At $7 a plate, you kind of get what you pay for. And the beignets were just okay. I would probably order something else on the dessert menu.  And for the drinks, we ordered: the Matterhorn, Lucky Bastard, Bay Vieux Fashion, Vieux Carré, Ginger Branca Sno-Cone, Cinnamon Girl Sno-Cone, and the Crate Lake Rye & Lagunitas Daytime. Out of the cocktails, the Vieux Carré was definitely the best! The sno-cones were great though the Cinnamon Girl was the winner of the two. One thing that alaMar offers on their drinks menu is a Shot 'N' A Beer. The name pretty much says it all.  It would be good to note, that outdoor seating and bar seating is first come, first serve. If you don't want to deal with that, you are better off getting reservations for the dining room. And this place is kind of small so it may not be the best place for large groups.  Definitely come and check this spot out. It's going to be hot! I'll be definitely stopping by for a drink on my way home after work.  

                Delicious fish stew and the potato tornadoes were very tasty (and creatively presented).  The potatoes are crispy slices, something in between chips and fries. The tilapia rice bowl was also flavorful. Service was warm and attentive.  

                Was there for Oakland Restaurant night. They did such a great job! My friend and I sat at the bar, where Evan was the bartender. We each choose a different thing off the tasting menu and shared. Everything was so delicious! I can't believe I hadn't heard of AlaMar yet. My friend had the peel and eat shrimp (definitely ask for their bread to dip in the sauce) and sorbet, which he loved.    I had the salad (just a wee-bit too much dressing but still very good), the stuffed eggplant, which was the best eggplant dish I have ever had, and the donuts for desert. I also opted for the paired cocktails which was an extra $10-great deal! The whole experience was a great value- so refreshing in the Bay Area! Evan doubled as our waiter and did a great job. They are lucky to have him as he is knowledgable and appears to enjoy his job- also refreshing!  Thanks AlaMar and I'll be back with some new patrons for you!  

                Worth a return!!! Was here for Oakland Restaurant Week 2015, it was packed! My sense is that it is a neighborhood go to place. I had the $1 oysters and Cava as an app while I waited for my friend to arrive for dinner.  Placed my name on the list, the hostess checked in with me intentionally and we were seated promptly when my friend arrived. We ordered from their Prix Fixe menu, fortunately, there were 2 apps, 2 mains, 2 desserts... We shared plates as they came out, nicely coursed.  Their signature shrimp dish was well prepared, the sauce had subtle notes of herbs. Will return again with other friends to compare notes.  

                Great corner location of a small but trendy night on the town restaurant. Catch a movie at the New Parkway and walk on over to alamar for drinks and small plates.  *i did hear an elderly couple complain that it was way too lou Took my husband here for his birthday. The service was great, everyone was friendly and we were greeted at the door.  Since they don't take reservations for groups smaller than 6, I called in 30 minutes prior to our arrival and they were able to accommodate us just fine.  Their food was extremely flavorful and unique. Also, it came out pretty quickly.  I suggest sharing small plates and an order of a lb of seafood.  They ran out of the crayfish (they had put their last order in when we got there) but we're able to give us the shrimp with the crayfish toppings.  One of things you must order is their chicken wings (I forget the actual menu name)!! OMGosh! They literally fall off of the bone. I also notice they have a few Indian flavors going on in their food with cumin and coconut.   So overall, this is a great date night spot for a place to get drinks with your friends!  

                Amazing. Best dungeness crab dish I've had in a restaurant including in Thailand, Korea, all over the U.S.   Crab was perfectly (PERFECTLY) cooked in a creamy, garlic-y, sambal sauce.   I have now been there 2x in one week.   I think this is going to hurt my wallet a lot...but my tummy is very happy.   Thanks Chef Nelson!  

                I am tardy posting my review however, after 3 separate visits this is by far my favorite restaurant in Oakland. Monday thru Wednesday they offer happy hour accompanied by very modest prices for small plates. The fiancé & I shared a dozen raw oysters & a order of the fried goat cheese. The oysters were fresher than fresh and the fried goat cheese cant be done justice with mere words.   On our first trip we ordered the muscles served in a bucket with the best toast Ive EVER tasted. We also had two orders of the chicken confit (cooked in bacon grease)!! Thee best!  They arent stingy at the bar & the staff is super friendly. The music compliments the food very well (at one point Im slurping down oysters while rapping along to "Notorious Thugs" .... Love it!   If youre ever in the Downtown Oakland area this place is a MUST try!  

                Fun dinner for a date or a small group if you are not afraid to get a little messy.   The menu at alaMar is quite interesting; the appetizers are somewhat refined yet the main seafood entrees are all buckets of seafood meant to be eaten with your hands.  I showed up without a reservation, but got added to the waiting list on the phone. I showed up a little late so my spot was given up, but was still lucky enough to be able to sit within a few minutes. If you are planning to go during peak hours, make a reservation, just in case.  Service was definitely on the slow side, but a little patience was usually enough.   I tried two cocktails. I was a big fan of the 'The Next Fig Thing", it was delicious, refreshing, and all of the flavors were there. The Creole Cocktail tasted somewhat watery for a whiskey cocktail served up.   From the appetizers both the crispy goat cheese and the crab poppers were good. Great flavors and nicely executed. The only strange thing was that they both came in threes.   They were unfortunately out of the mussels, so I went for a pound of shrimp (which surprisingly was more than enough to share). The shrimp were honestly just OK. They had a mealy texture which is a sign of improper thawing, overcooking, or not the best shrimp. The sauce was great though, which I thoroughly enjoyed eating with the included corn and served grilled bread. Man did I enjoy that sauce with the bread, it was simply delightful. The simple things are sometimes the best.   I also tried the peach flan. It was very tasty and made with real vanilla which really showed. I am also guessing it was also made with just egg yolks, since it had a very creamy texture much more like a crème brûlée more than a regular flan. Instead of caramel, it has a nice peach sauce.    Recommended for a fun and playful small group dinner.  

                Mmmmm didn't get a chance to eat here since my team had a huge meeting we had to attend to, and a bunch of tasks we had to get done before our big conference. We ordered for pick up online, so that was very nice and convenient. When we came to pick up our food, I couldn't get over how cute the little corner restaurant was.Really cute decor, and pretty nice people from our little pick up.  We ordered the tacos, lobster grilled cheese, soft shelled crab sandwich, the early girl tomato watermelon salad, the mizuna salad, and their fries. All were so delicious. We shared a piece of everything, and I couldn't decide what my favorite was. They were all super flavorful, and I remember a lot of lime, which I love, so I'm not complaining. I definitely want to come back and try out more items on the menu!  

                Decided to visit this restaurant with my two co workers when I visited Oakland. They recommended this restaurant, and it was just a block away from our office. We entered, and the first thing we thought was how dark and slightly chilly it was inside. It was around 12PM and it was windy and cold outside so we were hoping the restaurant would be warmer and brighter, but it wasn't. Oh well.  We were seated immediately and given little hipster mason jars full of ice water. We looked at the menu and ordered the fried plaintains, a squash panini, the pear salad, and lastly 3 oxtail tacos. The food arrived quickly--first the salad. The salad had goat cheese in it that had great texture, but literally tasted like goat. I dont know what goats taste like. It tasted like how goats smelled. That was weird, and I was definitely not a fan. But the rest of the salad was delicious. Next came the plaintains which were fried and amazing, and slightly spicy. Served with ketchup. Very tasty.  Then came the tacos which were the best things ever. Moist, delicious, slightly spicy, and tender and juicy. All those amazing words. I would go there and just order like 5 of them to myself, hell yes. Lastly the panini came but we weren't too much of a fan of that. The bread was hard.   All around, good service and nice food. Nothing super duper amazeballs, but still pretty yummy.  

                THE OYSTERS!  That's all I really have to say however, I'll continue...   I feel like my friends and I tried just about everything on the menu and just about everything was ridiculously good.  Did I mention the oysters?!  The oxtail, the shrimp, the crab, the pumpkin donuts, shrimp lollipops, the clams, and lets not forget the bread that we dipped in absolutely everything.  We feasted and it was amazing.    Service was great, bartender was super great.  We had such a fun night out and alaMar turned out to be the perfect place.    Cheers to alaMar, the owner and staff - WELL DONE!!  

                Really, I won't be able to add to the already awesomeness of alaMar!!!  I could go as far, as to say that it's my favorite place to dine in!!! To top it off, Chef Nelson and his wife are amazing!!!  I am so blessed to know them and be able to partake in their establishment.  Every time I or my family and friends go there, we are treated as if we went to their house for a family dinner.  Simply divine!  Thank you Chef, for embarking on this journey and sharing it with us.  

                Great vibe and better food - oh and the service was great.  We started off with the heirloom salad, truffled chips and ended con el pollo.   Good pricing and portions and the decor was urban chic - by far my fave joint in Oakland.   A must eat at spot - reservations capability would be good but you can drink at the bar while you wait.  Well done AlaMar  

                Today was my first time at this restaurant, my daughter told me it was very good and she brought me in today try it. Edwin our server and everyone else were very accommodating and friendly. Nelson the owner was nice enough to come out to say hello also, when I requested to see him.  The food was very good, I had the Lobster Cheese Sandwich which I enjoyed with a small green salad. I tasted my daughter's Ox Tail taco which I will definitely have next time, as a starter. My daughter had the Romesco buttered gulf shrimp which was excellent also. I will definitely go back soon.  

                We went to alaMar last night to try something different. It was Restaurant Week and packed to the gills. Our estimated 30-40 minute wait was closer to an hour.   The bar doesn't carry diSaronno amaretto. They offered Lazzaroni instead, which the bartender said was superior. I couldn't say that it was, but it wasn't bad. However, I will tell you it was the smallest amaretto sour I have ever been served.   It's very loud in there, but we managed. We were just the two of us though; if you were part of a larger group I don't know that you could hear anyone other than the person right next to you. I had trouble hearing the server.  We ordered the Restaurant Week menu, sharing so that we could taste everything. We loved the chicken dish! The abondigas and salad were okay, but no raves. I agree with Sue D. that the shrimp was not good. I've had frozen shrimp taste better than that, so I don't know the cause, but it was "chalky", for lack of a better word. The sauce that the shrimp was in though was awesome! Would love to have that sauce on some decent shrimp, and it would be a to-die-for dish. However, the peel-and-eat style of shrimp is better when it's not in a sauce. This was extremely messy!   The desserts were yummy, especially the ice cream!  

                First off, I want to say that the atmosphere here is very comforting. Soft warm lights, it has a very romantic ambiance. The food is plated very well. I had the Dungeness crab cakes and goat cheese for starters. Both were full of flavor and come in portions of three balls. For the mains, I had the Dungeness crab, clams, oxtail, and peel and eat shrimp. All four were very good. All are portioned for two. For dessert, I had the Portuguese donuts. They are served with ice cream, very good with the perfect amount of cinnamon sugar.  

                alaMar is ALAGOOD!  Last night we decided to hit O town downtown and check it out. Glad we did. This place has something no other restaurant has and I will talk about it at the end of this review. We had a great wait staff who was upbeat and helpful in defining a few key items. The menu is limited but I can ways find somethin. They did have one Quinoa dish for those vegetarian types!  They do have gluten free on many dishes though for you GFFs. Here we go!  We first ordered the fried goat cheese with beet purée. The cheese was fried in perfectly rounded balls with a nice light coating and a slight honey based glaze that was not greasy at all.  Delicious!   Next up on the appetizer menu we had the jalapeño poppers.  This was another ball of deep fried goodness with a light outer crust perfectly done and stuffed with fresh crab inside.  It was not spicy, and wished it had a bit more heat but that's just my personal desire for hot and spicy. For those who steer away from anything "jalapeño", do yourself a favor and order the poppers. You will love em!  This came with a nice sauce to dip your popper into. On to the entrees.  Being alaMar we had to go the fish route but the had a few meat selections if you wanted to get some carnal knowledge (huge meat fan but not tonight..no no). We ordered the mussels and 1lb of the peel and eat white shrimp.  We also had to get the potato tornado with Parmesan cheese.  This was like the spiral potatoes you see on a stick at the fair. Damn good and tasty!  The mussels were huge and came in a fantastic broth that you wanted to drink with a spoon. It was a little too salty but still excellent to soak you bread in for 5 minutes and then eat the soft soaked pieces oozing with broth. Included in the bucket were nice pieces of crunchy corn on the Cobb that were fresh, fresh, fresh!  No soggy KFC corn here ( you still order corn at KFC..seriously?). Then in the broth we found the lurking wonder of pork pieces so wonderfully thick that we realized this was one of the magical ingredients to the broth. Almost pork belliesk in small elongated pieces. Bacon..everything is better with bacon!  Next the peel and eat shrimp came in a bucket of fresh crunchy corn like the mussels but this time we found large pieces of potato and what I think was an even better Cajun style red broth with a slight bit of kick ever so slight.  This is another bread soaking winner of a broth so "don't put all your bread in on bucket (ok you can use that one if you want).  The white shrimp were extremely fresh and whole with the head on.  After peeling the shrimp I did a little dippin in the sauce and oh was that tasty.  After all the dunkin goodness we were pointed to the sink in the middle of the restaraunt. 3 faucets with soap pumps and a container of a salt mash. This is the lavender salt washing area for your hands. After putting soap on your hands, you scoop out some salt mash, mix and scrub.  Your hands just got a spa treatment!!! The food smell from all that brothy goodness is gone....and you are ready for dessert.  This is what made me give them the 5th star.  It's not just about food it's about doing something or having something that is over the top and this was pure genius!  We had the apple flan to end the meal with our blue bottle caps. This is a first for me but it was amazing and goes on the "do not miss" list of desserts. Crisp Pink Lady apples and Granny Smith apples are used in this (see my photo) to create a fantastic flan with apple foam. Probably one of the best flans I had had except down in Mazatlan, but no apple flan there.  Light, and perfectly sweetened, we're going back!  

                This place is awesome!!! We had:  -Local oysters - delicious -crab popper - best lollipop looking thing I've had in eon's - local crayfish - awesome - shrimp - continued awesomeness -mussels - more continued aweness - organic mary's chicken drumsticks - fabulous - braised black angus oxtail - I'm ordering 2 next time. -parmeasan truffle tornado crisp - chips on a stick? genius -bread - need more bread please, gotta clean up the sauces.  Yup everything is awesome.  

                Review is for lunch menu. It was just ok. Not a big fan of the dominican food. Maybe dinner menu is better? It was just ok. Service is excellent though.  

                Warning! This is long. Because I am a seafood glutton and went HAM here last night.   First of all - If you're coming here for a date, be prepared to be messy and handsy (with the food, not the person). :)  FOOD  Overall, I'd give a 3.5 on food.   Appetizers/Sides:  1) Parmesean Truffle Tornado Fries - these were my favorite of all the dishes. Crispy, but pretty light considering that they're fries. They come in the form of thinly sliced potato slices on a skewer, with a thin layer of pepper aioli. That aioli was heavenly - we even ordered two extra sides of it to keep dipping the fries in!  2) Coconut Shrimp Lollipops - these were fun, kitschy. But my date and I both agreed that its consistency was more doughy than shrimpy - a minor disappointment for us seafood lovers. The shrimp was more minced throughout than actual shrimp.  3) Calamari Fennel Salad - a new addition to the menu as of two days ago, the calamari was done very well. The herbs and fennel were a nice, light addition to a normally heavy side.   4) Local Oysters: These are from Point  Reyes. They were OK - definitely not my favorite and very small. The herbs (dill and cilantro?) and caviar put on top of them seemed to overpower the overall oyster. They were not originally served with any sauces. However, I did request some hot sauce and the waitress presented us with a homemade chili sauce - which definitely gave the oysters that extra oomph it needed to get over the very herbal-y, green taste.   5) Finally - we had the LOBSTER. I am a lobster and crab monster. Some pros and cons here. My favorite part? The brains! That was delicious. BUT if you are looking for a clean, fresh kind of lobster - this is not it. It is very, very saucy - doused with a chili (that was delicious - though). It also came with corn on the cob.   Seafood to me means very fresh, light. The food overall was over-sauced or fried, which made me wish there were more greenery options - salad, brussels sprouts maybe - to start off with that would have complemented heavy seafood dishes well.  DRINKS Yum! Good drinks. I had the aLamar spritz (PS - this one goes great with seafood; it's like white wine with a twist) and the gin/cucumber drink that was equally as refreshing - but for the life of me cannot remember the name of now.  SERVICE  Good! Friendly, engaging.  AMBIANCE Trendy with a nautical theme. Very cool to have a restaurant like this in Oakland. Great music - they played some John Legend, Kid Cudi in the background - appreciated the softer hip hop/R&B.   MISC -Does not take reservations for parties under 6.  For OVERALL experience, I'd give it a solid 4.   PS -- A New York chef that moved to up-and-coming Oakland - my props goes to Chef Nelson!  

                The guys at the bar rock. They are knowledgeable and willing to make your drinking experience amazing. I had an awesome beer brewing conversation that was informative and life altering. I am going to brew my own beer, damnit!  The Hotel California cocktail is smokey and f@$&ing awesome, but I had that the last time. This time I had the Smash 'n' Dash, with gin, lemon, mint and other deliciousness. Not too sweet (because I don't like foo foo drinks) and nice and refreshing. The local oysters are delicious, and the Dungeness crab poppers are AMAZING. I didn't like the organic Mary's chicken drumsticks because I felt like I could taste mayonnaise. It's just my preference, man.   It's right off of Lake Merritt, and late afternoon/early evening is a perfect time to enjoy all that this place has to offer. The shrimp boil?! Amazeballs!!  

                Thanks to my fellow yelper Celest B who raved about this place so we decided to try it.  Everything was AHHHHHH-MAZING.   The service-  Hostess was so sweet and got us seated after a short wait.  Bartender changed the channel so we can watch the A's game while waiting for our table. Waitress Nancy was impeccable on every aspect even though she forgot my espresso.  The food-Delicious, flavorful with a sexy twist and a presentation that delivered all the way.  *Crab poppers- to die for, make sure you order at least a couple.  *homemade potato chips- these were the best chips we've ever had- seriously!!  * double mashed plantains were a bit of a disappointment but that's because my MIL is Caribbean and makes the best so I'm kinda sorta spoiled when it come to plantains.  *crayfish bowl- is literally cray cray!! One pound ($16) was more than enough for the both of us. Although they do tend to put too much corn in the bowl. I would've also preferred the sauce to be a bit thicker as it was too watery (like more watery than a soup if that makes any sense)  However, I loved the warm vibe, the originality of Ala Mar and the fact that you see the Chef/Owner breaking sweat with his staff!! I like peeping stuff like that:)  The verdict-We will definitely be back and will be more than happy to bring friends n family!!  

                Went here based on some reviews I read and also on reccomendations from friendd , I was not dissapointed ...... This new Star Chef is ALL THAT and more ! We had the manilla clams and the peel n eat shrimp dishes, all meals are served to "share" the clams and shrimp were perfectly cooked and spiced just right served with crispy French bread to get all those sauces ! Our server was polite and friendly and we will definitely be back !  

                Tasty tapas style food and now they're open for lunch! A colleague and I came here for lunch and tried a variety of things on their menu: A fresh golden beet and strawberry salad, Lobster grilled cheese, shrimp torta (my personal fave) and the burrata, roasted tomato sandwich. We also had the sweet potato chips on the side. All the food came out fast and with a smile and the best part was that there were no frills. It was just yummy, fresh food in a nice airy environment. The chef came out and shook hands with my colleague who comes there all the time. That was really sweet and personal and the wait staff all were extremely attentive and friendly. Great place for lunch or din din and wine!  

                Right off I have to say that I really enjoyed my meal here!  I was very pleasantly surprised by their offerings.  Its a seafood theme -- duh, a la mar..   We ordered the oysters (6 for $8!),  the calamari salad (so delicious, lightly battered), crab hushpuppy/croquette thing,  the chicken wings confit and it was all on point!  Okay the prices are really very reasonable and good portion sizes. After speaking with staff, i understand they will be changing their menu seasonally. I cannot wait to try more of their land options (OXTAIL!).  The place is cute, spacious, industrial.  There is outdoor seating and a full bar.   I didn't note whether they offered a happy hour, they serve limited menu at the bar seating.  

                everything we order came out really good. Everything taste fresh. The drinks they have isn't half bad either.  The wait on the weekend it's around an hour. Make sure to check if there opening at the bar.  

                Glad to have this place in the neighborhood.  It has a quasi commercial vibe to it, which is slightly disappointing, but the service is friendly, it is approachable and the food is good.    I had two cocktails.  One was a bourbon with ginger and rhubarb and the other was a gin drink with cucumber, pepper and lemon.  Both were good but not mindblowing.  The rhubarb got a little lost in the ginger on the one and the other one seemed like it needed another layer to it.  A little one-note.  For food, I ordered the tostones with garlic tsatsiki sauce.  Really tasted more like a raita, but, either way, it was a nice twist on the tostone.  I ordered the drumsticks with this yummy sauce made with sake, galangal and sundried tomato.  there was some cream element in their too.  Had tender fingerling potatoes and was served with side of toast to soak up the sauce.  Really tasty!  The chicken was tender.  I could have stood for it to be a little crisper and more roasted on the outside, but the flavor was excellent.  The beignets were decent....not the best.  They were a little too big and heavy and not crisp enough on the outside.  Flavor was good.  Cardomom bourbon dipping sauce was really good.    All in all, I was impressed.  I definitely plan on coming back and getting the crab.....although $45/ea, it is a bit steep......sounds delicious though.    This place seems like it wants to become a chain.  The look, the feel, the menu.  Not a gross corporate chain, but more a la Umami Burger........dunno, I just got that feel from it.  I will say that there is nothing else like it around, so it definitely has that going for it.  

                I love the food, so much flavor! Chef Nelson has a true passion at what he does.   See the mixologist Rob at the bar for great drinks!   Perfect location just a block away from the Lake.   Will be here on a regular!  

                Extremely fresh and unique. As a jaded foodie who knows her stuff and has a high bar for ambience/menu/service--I was pleasantly surprised and impressed.   The menu is unique and succinct. The average Asian fusion restaurant will rely heavily on crowd pleaders like garlic noodles or butter soaked crab. Not the case at AlaMar. There is clearly a nod to Vietnamese and Asian fusion food with some of the delicate flavors used and the seafood heavy menu, however there is also a Caribbean/Cajun vibe with plantains, shrimp boils and tasty fried things. This interesting marriage is what AlaMar's New York born Dominican chef, Chef German, dubs "Asian Cajun".    So yes, the menu is genius and presentation is amazing. The flavors are exquisite. I loved the oysters, shrimp lollipops, fried plantains crab cakes, and asparagus. The lobster was extremely fresh, as were the prawns, but the seasoning of these two dishes were on the bland side. The freshness of each dish did shine through. Basically there is something for everyone on this menu which reflects the upscale but uber casual vibe of the restaurant. (Think fabulous cocktails amidst plastic crab bibs--getting your hands dirty, yet there is a sexy sink right there for you to quickly wash them. That empty crab shell you just murdered? That. never. Happened. Because it is whisked away, along with your cute paper placemat and plastic bib, by your sever. Now we can delicately sip that cocktail.)   They are still getting their groove when it comes to service but I am certain things will run like a well oiled machine pronto. I'll be back!  

                Really enjoyed alaMar tonight. We've been wanting to go forever...since before it opened since hubby works in the 'hood and the teen boy goes to school pretty close. Decided tonight was the night - for our 25th wedding anniversary. Yikes.   Arrived around 7:30 and waited about 5 minutes max for a table. From the time we stepped in the door the host and servers were super friendly, relaxed, and made the night really chill. Started with their Fig drink (can't recall the name but come on, there's only one fig drink on the menu). It was perfect - just sweet enough but not too sweet. I think it was a bourbon drink which I don't normally order but the fig sold me. Hubby had a Tito's up with a twist and the Tito's made him happy.   We proceeded on to the crab ball thingies, oysters on the half shell, and plantains as our warm-ups. Crab ball thingies had a good sauce and the flavor was fine...probably not my favorite item though. The oysters were fresh and had a simple, not-too-spicy vinaigrette-type sauce. The plantains had some salt on the exterior to counter the sweetness, then a dipping sauce that brought a very slight spice. You probably don't need both the crab ball thingies and the plantains....one or the other will do. Next on to the oxtail and the lobster. Hubby loved the oxtail - there were large slices of grilled bread that he used with them...although I'm not sure if those were meant for his meal, mine, or both - no matter - he ate them all since I'm on an anti-bread kick. Not anti-butter, mind you, just anti-bread. Don't judge.   My lobster was strange and wonderful. From the menu description and the server's explanation, I didn't really understand that I was actually getting a whole lobster that came with a sauce under it. I started to get it when she came back to the table after a little while and asked if I'd like a lobster bib. I thought I was getting chunks in a saucy preparation. So when the whole guy was placed before me in all it's glory, it was a little bit of a surprise - not unwelcome - just had me wanting to ask for the menu back so I could figure out why I was unclear. No matter - they kindly responded to my request for a cracking device, meat digger-outer, and a spoon by supplying all of those items and a fork and knife. I used every last one of those utensils to: cut and eat the baby zucchini, crack the lobster claws, scoop out the meat, and eat the sauce on the plate like a soup. I'm pretty sure that was meant to be sopped up by the grilled bread...but you know....anti-bread and all. I need to save my calories for butter and sugar. Lobster sauce = butter. Dessert = sugar.   They kindly allowed me to have their Blue Bottle coffee ice cream dessert without the puffs they are normally placed in (okay - not technically bread, but why mess up the ice cream). They expertly placed the scoops on caramel and coconut pistachio crumble - no puffs necessary. They even gave us an extra scoop since we didn't have the puff part....although that wasn't really needed - 3 is PLENTY.  Finally, it's worth noting that the food is pretty reasonable. You don't feel gouged by the pricing at all. $19 for the Oxtail, and it was enough for two people. $42 for the lobster - it was full Maine lobster (and my 25th anniversary, so, ya know....I'm worth it). We got out of there for a smidge less than $200 with 5 drinks, 2 appetizers, 2 main courses, 1 side dish, 1 dessert, and a coffee. Yay alaMar!  

                I had the good fortune of trying  the new lunch menu today and it was stunningly well done. I enjoyed a perfectly dressed salad which is a rare find.  The new Dominican Republic rice bowls were both very well done, super flavorful and frankly, delicious. I was impressed with the vegan option of 'stewed okra' as it was not only more complex and interesting than the description as well as  tender   and not mushy.  Bravo, a la Mar!  

                We were searching for a "new" place to go after the Cal Game - and while Ala Mar isn't new, was to us.  Let me say that we hit it at the right time cause if we were there 15 minutes later (this past Saturday arrived at 7:15) we would have been sitting on the curb with nothing to nurse our woes but each other and ick.  So read - busy, and for good reason.....  Lovely craft cocktails - Rosemary Daisy for me, Libertine (special) for El Dude and other El Dude stuck in ways with Scotch - sort of small pour but very nice......  Oysters - really?? That cheap and wonderful?  Really?  Don't want them to read these reviews lest they decide to increase the price - amazing Mignonette with ginger and goofy cool Sriracha Caviar, then on to Oxtails - huge portion, peel & eat shrimp (avec tetes) and mussels.  Wow!!    My El Dude went to beer and priced well.  Good dry Rose for me, also well priced and other El Dude continued his well pour Scotch odyssey.  We sat at the bar and it was great tho small but the main room was pretty darn loud so a romantic evening after 8 it ain't.  Manager Tommy was great - glad he escaped Lungomare and his hand in creating an welcoming atmosphere is apparent - and the bar guys were amazing - actually knew the food that was being served!  Back for happy hour and $1.00 oysters - Really???  Really....  

                Ate here for the first time and the last time.  Food that i ordered was actually pretty good, but at peak hours on a Saturday night, they ran out of multiple specials like the crab and the fish.  Me and my wife were sitting on the long bench near the front door along with a group that were already there sitting at the ajoining table when about 2/3 through our meal, this asian lady waiter/manager decided to sit people (assuming her friends) right in between us and the group next to us, and then rushed us by asking to take our plates.  She pretty much sat people on our table.... (the guy who sat right next to me was breathing over our plates!) Smh... I found it weird and I was pretty annoyed.  We were about to buy some bottles of champagne for our friends who were meeting us there,  but ended up leaving because that asian lady rushed us out... very bad service...  - J.R. (p.s. I would have spent more money than any of those group of people because we are weekend alcoholics who turn it up to the max!)  Thanks, I get to spend it somewhere else with better service!  

                This place is incredible. One of my favorite places to eat with friends. The food is always spot on, the service is great, they usually have fresh items on the menu, and the price is pretty doable.   I would definitely recommend to anyone interested in a fun, family style night out.  

                Absolutely delish! This small spot brings its A game. My dining counterparts and I all immensely enjoyed our food, our drinks (be sure to ask about the cocktail special), and the atmosphere. It's not your typical seafood spot. Additionally, Alamar's vegetarian options are simply delightful. I also appreciated the note on the menu that, due to the drought, they were only serving water if asked; it's great to see restaurants walking the walk when it comes to sustainability.  

                Delicious meal. Great ambience.   Most entrees are very seafood/meat-centered. You'll want to order a salad or veg sides to get a more balanced meal. And even then, our brussel sprouts side came out last when we were done with our entrees.   Sat at the bar with great, friendly servers. Definitely plan to return.  

                Fabulous food!! I loved the ambiance, charming and hip. The bar was great while I waited for my party to arrive. Bartenders were friendly and they had a great selection of liquor and drinks. For dinner we ordered and shared the peel and eat shrimp, the oxtail beef, and the chicken.  It was amazing. I loved the bread for dipping in the sauce too. The hand washing sink out in the open with scrub salts was a nice touch after the peeling of the shrimp. Service was excellent.  I highly recommend this gem!!  

                I came here for dinner and drinks with friends. AlaMar has excellent food, excellent service, excellent atmosphere, excellent location & excellent drinks. Try everything on the menu, it's worth it.  

                While alaMar literally means from the sea, I think this place embodies a different meaning. It's phenomenal all around. Insert wittier saying here. I don't come for the seafood dishes; I come for the bar and appetizers. Don't read my review if you want to check this place out for dinner, because I have not had any entrees here. But I can tell you that the drinks and service here are top notch! I love the main bartender; I regret that I still have yet to get his name. He is awesome! He is truly attentive and makes great drinks. The prices are a bit high here - but hey they have to pay the bills too - so I often go for the $3 Tecate and an appetizer. The appetizers here make me drool. I heart the tostones, plantains, beet salad, etc.!  Yum!! I also spring for drinks now and again - and they are worth the price. Come try the Spicy Islander sometime. Wow. Not too sweet and not overpowering. This guy is talented and a mastermind at creating new drinks; it seems he's always trying something new. I tried one tonight and I was blown away. Who wants a drink that tastes like liquid sugar or has ten different flavors? The featured drink changes frequently so come often! Sorry I'm trying to be short here but I love this place. I love the quiet atmosphere and fact I can come here for a post-work, low-key convo. I also love the loos here and think of this as a key factor anywhere I go. The loos are clean, spacious, and offer lots of privacy! I don't like public restrooms, so this is a perk. All in all you just need to come here. The atmosphere rocks - whether you sit at the long table (yeah!) or come to watch Game 7 of the World Series. Love love love!!  

                alaMar is now my top 2 go-to restaurants in Oakland :) From when it first opened to now, alaMar has served up some delicious food...  Dinner: - Local Oysters - FRESH! refreshing and light (they're starting to offer $1 oysters which has smoked tabasco caviar to top it off...ahhh-MAH-zing!!) - Crispy Stuffed Goat Cheese - One of the best and simple appetizers I've ever had - Peel 'N' Eat White Shrimp - WOW! the shrimp was seasoned and cooked perfectly. The sauce was flavorful (dunk their Firebrand Bread in it!) after you're done you can wash your hands in the communal copper basin (creative touch I must say) - BRAISED BLACK ANGUS OXTAIL - I can eat this everytime. The oxtail was tender and flavorful; it just falls off the bone. I love to pile it on the bread along with the turnips and other goodies in the dish  Lunch: - Lobster Grilled Cheese - Just a perfect amount of richness from the lobster and cheese but still light  Cocktails are well-made and not pretentious in its make or price. The service has always been top-notch; friendly and knowledgeable, always making great suggestions.  I look forward to coming here every time and try any and all of their dishes. Their food is continuously evolving. It's just that good!  

                Great food, staff and drinks!  

                *UPDATED* The fact that Chef Nelson personally reached out to me after my initial review not only showed exemplary customer service but is affirming that he and the team at alaMar really do value their customers and the experience at the restaurant. I would highly recommend this place to anyone! Thanks Chef Nelson!  I wish I could give this place a 5 star rating but my experience was dampened before I even sat down at the table. I arrived at the restaurant about 5-10 minutes before they opened and was greeted outside by a woman who identified herself as the "manager" and she told me and my guest that we could sit at the bar until we were ready to be seated. Once we entered a waitress greeted us with "Can I help you?" and then proceeded to tell us that we could NOT sit at the bar despite what the "manager" told us. I understand everyone has a hard day so I did not let this effect my judgement of the food. Chef Nelson has created a great restaurant that encompasses great flavors and unique dishes. Although the service was less than spectacular I would definitely visit again.  

                "I fell in love with this place" I think is a great way to start a review for alaMar!  I've now been there twice and had the oysters, dungeness crab bites, chicken wings, tornado potato, asparagus, shrimp, and crayfish. Wow! Yum. Show me a place with better oysters for the price. I dare you.  Great service. Tasty cocktails. Delicious bread for broth dunkin'. I will be back many many more times.  

                alaMar is converted from  a coffee shop. still looks like one although they serve new american (seafood) now.  eats: lobster grilled cheese (sammie)8 -"niman ranch bacon, provolone, lobster cherviil aioli, celery, firebrand  pan de Mie" -minimalist taste, bits of lobster. most flavoring is the bread. -just a small sammie with little of everything in it. 3.5 stars. wouldn't reorder. not enough punch.  crumbs: -very fresh tasting, though petite portion.  

                This place was surprisingly good. Funny enough the turf (especially the chicken) was waaaaay better than the surf.  The mary's drumsticks are reason enough to go here in truth.  The tostones and platanos were a great accompaniment.  Grilled corn was great too.  The muscles and the shrimp were good but no where near as good as the chicken the duck wing confit.  

                after a little jogging at lake merritt, we decide to stop by alamar for dinner.  had a few drinks along with the following dishes:  penn cove mussels - it was good but not outstanding  braised oxtail - very savory, most people might say it would be a bit too salty, but I love it that way with some red wine to go with it  bone marrow - it was just ok, many places can do it much better  brussel sprouts - very well done. interesting choice on the cubed shaped bacon lardon too  Not a bad place to try overall.  

                I love all the new community-owned places opening up.  And everyone who works here is really sweet.  Presentation is fun and well-done..  Just wish the flavors had a little bit more zing or zang...  

                Second visit- still delicious!!  Had to have the soft shell crab salad and pound o' shrimp again.  Also tried the fried goat cheese (yum) and the oysters.  The best thing that night was the sauce on the chicken drumstick dish: amaaaaazing!  Wasn't a huge fan of the blue bottle coffee dessert, though.  

                I need to start out by saying how amazing Traver was. She was such an awesome friendly person that the whole experience was taken to that fifth star. The food is but Traver was the icing on the cake.   This place is perfect if you're a cat. Seafood all over this place and a liking to licking your paws is a must. They offer utensils and napkins, but they want you to be a cat. Thanks god I've had my feline facial reconstruction so I at home here. The crab Poppers are my favorite. Crispy outside and tender shreds of crab meat inside. What could be better?  That's right my friends, the shrimp was even better. I had to lie earlier to build the drama. Sorry. Crunchy fried bread in a flavorful broth and huge ass shrimp to eat!!! It was cat heaven. I'll be coming back for my crab and shrimp.   Meeeeeow  

                I'm officially in love with AlaMar. I've visited six times since October and each time just got better and better. Chef Nelson has hit his stride. Food was tasty and seasoned to perfection, service was impeccable. Huge fan of the oxtail and peel and east shrimp.  I still can't figure where his influence is coming from...it's unlike any other restaurant that I've been to in Oakland. Drinks a little too fancy for my taste...I'm a whiskey girl. Although, I have to admit the bartenders can keep up with my requests with just the right amount of mixology. Can't wait to go back before the end of the year. I have a hunch that the chef is going to add clams to the menu. AlaMar is officially on short list.  

                So what can I say?? The service was definitely on point. Very friendly and attentive. That, unfortunately, is where it ends.  So my wife brought me to this place because she really wanted seafood, especially the Coconut Shrimp Lollipops. We were recently in Kauai and were hooked. The "Lollipops" did not taste like shrimp nor like coconut. They actually tasted like less-tasty hush-puppies. They were very small and came with a rather lack-luster sweet dipping sauce. I imagined someone making these balls like a child would make a ball with Playdough. They were just ICK! We were like "ugghhhhhhgggghh."   So our next entree come to us and it is the Mussel dish. Actually not too bad, but why 4 corn cobs? The bread that came with it was pretty good, but then again making toast with a lot of delicious butter can't go wrong.  Then comes the smashed plantains and red quinoa. They just tasted like sweet plantains. The garlic sauce was ok. I even forgot that the red quinoa was in the 3 tiny plantain balls and would not have even known that it was in there if not mentioned on the menu. Red Quinoa = after thought. Again, 4 corn cobs in the pot. I just paid $15 for  not even a whole plantain!? The plantain was pretty good, but it was just fried, sweet plantain.    The menu selection was lacking. I did not know what the hell to pick. For being a seafood restaurant, you'd think they would have some sort of fish on the menu.  Potential? I believe so, but we probably won't be returning since there was nothing there that I will be craving in the near or far future.   Oh and the Yelp "REVIEWERS" of this place must be in the Chef's inner circle because we were very mislead into believing that this place offered some incredible dishes. To tell others to drive from SF or even Berkeley to "experience" this is kind of a cruel joke.   Sorry Alamar... yo me voy A La Mierd...  

                I fell in love with this place the first time I went and enjoyed it even more the second time.  My group of three ordered nearly everything on the menu: crab bites (nice and meaty), chicken wings (fall off the bone sweetness), tornado potato (betcha can't eat just one), plantains (it's all about the dip), peel-n-eat shrimp and mussels (that broth is everything).  Basically, the food is amazing!!! The staff are gracious, and good looking too... Don't believe me, go wash your hands and tell me what you see ;) Oh, they were even kind enough to keep my cake in the freezer throughout the duration of my stay.  I can wait to see what new items they bring to the menu and am excited for my next visit.  

                Cioppino was the worst I have ever had: cold and tasteless, gross....they have a great bar so I will a couple stars but the food definitely misses expectations and overpriced for poor quality.  

                This is my favorite seafood place in Oakland, in this price range- I think it's very reasonable for the quality and freshness of their seafood.  I love the unique concept of sharing, eating with fingers.  Mussels are the freshest, most plump ones I have had in a long time, and white shrimp with super delicious seasonings.  Oxtail was superb as well-beautifully done, everything is falling off from the bone in delicious sauce, perfect to dip the bread which restaurant kept giving us generously.  Parmesan truffle tornado crisp was unique and tasty, very crispy !! The least interesting one was chicken, and that was all.  Four people ordered four dishes plus tornado crisp with beer etc., we were so stuffed ( we hardly touched the chicken) .  So portions are generous.  We walked out about $30 a head including tax and tips, not bad for a really good seafood restaurant.  

                Delicious food and wine . . . and a very talented staff. Chef Nelson has put together an amazing menu with something for just about everyone. Favorite being the Oxtail stew, and all the seafood selections.   Nice cocktail, beer and wine list. Even fun to just go in to sit at the bar and hang out with the locals. Or even to sit outside in their patio area.  Thanks to Allison, Andrew, Traver, Oscar, Miles and Evan. Welcome to the neighborhood.  

                I heard great things about Alamar. From the much anticipated opening to the eventual reviews from friends and acquaintances. Mind you, I heard good things by mouth before I took a look at Yelp review.  Had a free night to hang out with some friends and decided to to give it a try. Heard the wait could be crazy so I called a night ahead to make reservations. Apparently, they don't take reservations for 6 or less but the hostess was awesome and made an exception. They won major points with me there and I didn't even step foot in the restaurant yet!   Okay, my least favorite parts. Parking. My goodness, it would have been easier to walk there if I parked at Lake Merritt. My friend decided to park at a parking lot for $15 after 10 minutes of driving around. Crazy. I know.  They were a little backed up so our table wasn't ready until 8:45. Mildly annoying but I had good company and the hostess constantly updated us on when our table would be ready.  The restaurant had a chill and intimate environment, which is nice for any setting. Our server was very attentive and engaging. I believe the owner was there and she was also really attentive (if she is indeed the owner).  The food met my expectations but their oysters and the garnish was amazing. I had to refrain from ordering another platter just because we had so much more food coming.  All in all a good experience. I will come back for the oysters and great service.  

                I came here for my birthday dinner for a party of 15 people and it was an interesting experience. I chose the $50 option and planned my whole birthday dinner thinking everyone will be full and happy but yet, i had bunch of complainers. The food was good...but honestly i didn't get to try everything because i felt kinda bad for my guests and wanted them to have more to eat cause they were disappointed and heck...i was a bit disappointed too.   I....we did not know we were going to have "family style dinner" where we had to share dishes. It was confusing... because some dishes, we had to share upon 2 ppl or 3 ppl. And some dishes had 4pc or 5pc so some got to eat 1 pc while the other got 2pc. It wasn't fair for them. I wished the menu had stated that it was family style and i wish that the waitress was more informative...like tell us who to share our food with for every appetizers, entree's, and sides that came out! Also, my party was complaining about their dishes. It was a flat metal/silver plate. ghetto... they said it look like they were in prison, waiting for dinner. Then a few of my lady friends said that their mix drink was a bit water down.. Anyways, I love supporting small businesses, that's why i chose alaMar over Kincaid's but we spent  $900+ on my birthday dinner and i felt really bad for my family and friends cause they were still hungry and i had to take them out to eat for a 2nd meal in chinatown. If we went to kincaid, they would've got their own meal and been full.   To be honest i dont recommend hosting a big party here and i wont ever host a big party here ever again but i will probably do a date night soon with just my boyfriend..so we can really try the food and give a better rating.  

                Had the mussels and double smashed plantains, loved every bit of it. The entire mussel entree was so flavourful and delicious, I probably could have just drank the broth on its own.   Couldn't have been happier with the friendly, attentive staff and bar tenders. Great atmosphere, and I personally am a big fan of the communal dining.   Very much looking forward to next time.  

                This place is a little small but was able to accommodate our party of 12. I think it has 2 tables that allow this many seats and the rest are 2-4 seaters. The ambiance is nice, modern and rustic and they have a small bar area.   Food-wise, all the dishes we had  were good and packed full of flavors! I would recommend everything we got: Apps - wings - crab poppers - goat cheese Main - Shrimp - oxtail SIdes - brussel sprouts - tostones - tornado crips  The reason why I give it only 3 stars is because of the overall experience. Service is slow. We were there for 2 hours +. I can't remember exactly how long we were there, but it felt looooong. And one of the dishes we did get but I did not list it as recommended was the LOBSTER which took 1.5 hours to come out!! Granted, they did mention it takes "a little longer" but we had no idea everyone would be completely done with their dishes even before that one came out. We would inquire and they would say it's coming, one time they had the nerve to say "that's why we recommend family style". We were thinking, we don't really understand that comment but I think they mean that if we did family style then one person wouldn't have to wait till the end of dinner to eat? which still doesn't make sense. Anyway, after waiting and waiting, we tried to cancel it, but at that moment they were done cooking it so we just ended up taking it home because she wasn't hungry anymore anyway from snacking from everyone else's plates.  I would not order any dish from there if they mention that it will take a little longer, that basically means you're taking it to go, and I def would not order that lobster dish again. I don't appreciate them telling us how to order and making it seem like it's our fault our friend didn't get fed sooner because we didn't do family style. They just kept saying how the lobster takes longer and didn't even try to compensate us in any way.  But that aside, I would still go back for a second try (steering clear of the lobster). :) They were friendly and the other food was good.  

                The restaurant has a cute vibe to it with a bar on one end and an open kitchen on the other. There is also a really neat hand washing sink right in the dining area for messy seafood fingers. The lobster and crayfish pot were phenomenal. Drinks were perfect and the service was fast, friendly and overall, a great dining experience. Will definitely come back in the near future to try the mussels!  PS: get the crab dungeness poppers!  

                I had a wonderful dinner here, and while the food was fantastic what I found to be the best part of the experience was the service. alaMar is now in my regular restaurant rotation.  About the staff: We showed up at dinner hour with no reservation, and they kindly sat us outside until a table opened up (only 2.5 seconds later!). Everyone who worked there not only was super nice and accommodating (in a genuine way) but also seemed to be happy to work there. My cute little mason jar of water was always full, and we were checked on enough to be sure we got everything we needed, but not so much that it was a bother. Plus everyone seemed to have a great sense of humor and enjoyed working with each other, which is really nice to see.  About the food: I couldn't partake of the drink menu because I'm pregnant, but there were several cocktails that looked delicious, and my cucumber lemongrass soda was refreshing--it is not very sweet like most sodas, (think spa water but fizzier) so I especially liked it because it didn't feel like I was drinking a cup of sugar water.  We ordered the peel and eat shrimp, crawfish, and ended up getting a free order of muscles that was cancelled by another stable. For sides we ordered asparagus, and plantains. The portions of the sides are not very large (though the prices were reasonable for the size), but by the end of the night we were stuffed and didn't actually finish everything (3 people, 1lb shrimp, 1lb crawfish, 1lb muscles 2 sides and drinks).   Each pot of seafood comes cooked with corn on the cob and some other item, in the shrimp we had potatoes, and the crawfish had meatballs, muscles had bacon. The asparagus was seasoned with something fantastic, and the plantains were perfectly crisped and paired well with the cilantro garlic tzatsiki. I wish we had room for dessert, but I'll know for next time to save space.  I almost forgot to mention the bread, which was delicious!  About the atmosphere: First and foremost, the bathrooms and nice and clean. That's the first thing I look for in a restaurant, a clean, well kept bathroom often equals a clean and organized kitchen. The restaurant has great lighting and decor, and you can see into the kitchen which is always fun. Also there's a great copper open tough sink for wash up after dinner. There looks to be ample street parking and the place is really walkable from the lake or downtown oakland.  

                After having a Yelp account FOR YEARS, I have decided that it's time I put it to good use. I was so impressed I'm compelled to make my first review!  Today I came to alaMar for lunch. I have previously been there 3 other times for drinks & apps, dinner, and a large party of 25 I hosted for my company. Everything has always been delicious and great. But today I was blown away!   I wasn't expecting much from a chicken sandwich and sweet potato chips, but let me say it was the BEST CHICKEN SANDWICH AND SWEET POTATO CHIPS I HAVE EVER HAD. I'm not *that* easily impressed (having dated 2 chefs for a total of 5 years) but the flavor of the sandwich and texture of the toasted bread was perfect. The chips were thin and light and perfectly seasoned to bring out the flavor of the sweet potato. This random lunch on a Friday afternoon knocked my socks off and I can't wait to try more of their offerings.  So now I know that not only is dinner great at this place, so is lunch. Luckily I work and live nearby and can get my fix often. I highly recommend trying alaMar if you have not.  

                Still thinking about those crab poppers!  Every now and then I find one of those restaurants that just makes you feel good by being there. AlaMar is one of those places.  We had the most yummy crab poppers, delicious chicken wings, goat cheese balls over a beet puree and to-die-for oxtail!  I'll be back. Priced right. Service was attentive without being cloying. Good crowd, too.  

                A wonderful addition to the Oakland/Downtown/Grand Avenue neighborhood.  Nelson and his staff have created a wonderful place for drinking and dining, with comfortable dining inside AND outside.  Also nice to have such a nice selection of fresh seafood dishes . . . done creatively and deliciously.  

                Eating with your hands are a must to enjoy the oysters, mussels and crayfish! In that order please. If your not making too much noise with the crayfish your not eating it right! (As first date couple, table across from us, looks at me with crazy eyes balls )  

                We had the following dishes:  Blue Crab Poppers - $5: Three crab balls the size of a gold ball. It's very light and crispy. The crab is the hero of this dish and you can tell it's fresh and not canned. However, where there is enough of the good ingredients in the poppers, it lacks flavor.  It was bland at best.  3 stars.  Parmesan truffle tornado fries - $5: this appetizer is very tasty. It's made of a whole potato that had been sliced thinly and skewered on a bamboo stick. I like this dish very much and I think it's good value.  This is a star in the appetizer section - 4 stars. Tostones "double smashed plantain" -$5: the plantain itself is cooked well, I've never had plantain before so I have no benchmark but I think this was done well.  My only criticism on this item is it's a very tiny portion (see picture) I think I counted 5 pieces. 3 stars because the portion was just really too small.  Braised Oxtail - $19: served in a pot (maybe a clay pot). The oxtail was cooked well as it was very tender, tender to the point that it falls off the bones, literally. However, it was way too salty. When the server asked us how we liked it, I had no choice but to inform her that it was too salty. She informed me that she would let the chef know. She did and it confirmed that it was indeed too salty and gave us another serving of it.  The second serving was a lot better but it was still a little too salty. 3 stars, it would have been 2 stars but they were gracious to try to correct the issue.  Crawfish $15/lbs: although it was very good it's too salty for my taste. I'm seeing a pattern here. Their dishes are salty. Which is also my criticism on the next dish.  Mussels $14: although it was good and cooked well, the broth it came in with is salty. See above. 3 star, a generous 3 star.  Service was great as I mentioned above on the oxtail, they try to please you if there is anything very obviously wrong with your dish. Service is a 4 star.  organic Mary's chicken - $14: Was done well and it came with 3 drumsticks on a flavorful sauce.  4 stars. Ambience is very comfortable, casual, and chic. It's decorated very nicely inside and very inviting.  You can tell they want to do well. The service staff are very attentive and they served well which made it a very good experience.    I don't know if it was me but I'd suggest taking a taste test again because the dishes were salty as I indicated. Overall, it was a good dining experience, I would return again after sometime to give it another try.  I'd like to believe these one off issues and could be corrected given if the other patrons have the same feedback.  

                I came here to meet an internet date...yes, I know....at my suggestion.  The weather was wonderful and I would have sat outside if a table was available.  The bar area was a bit smaller than I expected but i plopped myself by the window and ordered off the cocktail menu.  I have my go to cocktails but I always like to venture a restaurant's menu to see what they have to offer.  My drink was "meh" but it and a second got me through the evening.  Needless to say, I would probably stick to my regulars.  Unfortunately, my date did not want to eat anything and deprived me of at the very least a tasty snack.    This review may not be fair as I was not able to indulge in what I hear is an amazing selection of wonderfully prepared seafood.  It is based on a brief experience that left much to the imagination.  I will definitely be coming back so that I can experience it all in its purest form and in the best company, mine.  

                Sooooo... Honestly...I thought the food was fucking fantastic.  All the praises for the Ox Tails are well deserved, and I HATE CORN!!! (yeah yeah yeah...shoot me).  I bring my lunch to work everyday, but when I slip or forget it at home, I come here for what I feel, is hands down, the best lunch in this 'hood.  The only reason that I am holding out on that fifth star, is because they utilized a measuring cup to serve up my favorite Bourbon to me.  Petty, I may be.  But that shit grinds my gears and turns me off from buying more than one drink.   Wishing you much success alaMar!!!  

                I had an amazing dinner here last weekend and I'm already craving it again. This truly is a neighborhood gem.  The location is wonderful, very walkable if you're local and a good amount of parking nearby. The restaurant is beautiful and modern, I am a huge fan of open kitchens to watch all the action. Definitely the coolest part is the open trough-like sink for guests to wash up after diving their hands into the amazing food (I'll save the best for last and talk about that in a bit).  The service was amazing. Our server was not only friendly and attentive, but extremely knowledgeable. She had great suggestions for both wine with dinner and cocktails that fit exactly what I was craving. It was also wonderful to meet Chef Nelson who was going around checking to see how everyone was doing-- really nice touch!  So the food. If you've passed by the large windows of this place and seen ANY plate of anything you know what I'm talking about. Wow. Really nothing else like this place around the area! On this particular night we were informed of the unique "chili" sauce that chef Nelson had made for a Dungeness crab and how it was a must have, however they were out for the night. So instead, this yummy sauce made of what I can only assume was love and happiness was snuggling up on a huge succulent lobster. Of COURSE we ordered it. Perfectly cooked lobster and sides that words can't describe besides saying; try it! We also ordered the coconut shrimp lollipops which have a ton of flavor. The texture was a bit unexpected but welcomed instead of being too crispy/fried. To get a crispy/fried fix we also ordered the crispy stuffed goat cheese that was plated on a beet purée. As a side we ordered the grilled asparagus. I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to asparagus and I was very impressed. Tender, tons of flavor, and somewhat nutty tasting from the grill. For dessert we had the airy beignets with a mocha caramel dip.   I absolutely look forward to my next visit and seeing what else Chef Nelson is bringing to my neighborhood.  

                We've been waiting to come to this place since it opened and were excited to finally get to it.  That's where the excitement ended. We had the lackluster shrimp lollipops and the oysters as an appetizer. The oysters were good, but the lollipops were like a bad quick-fire challenge on top chef. High concept with terrible taste. We also had the tostones which were really good.  As we waited for the lobster with great anticipation, it finally came. I started with the tail which was full of meat -- It was so tough I couldn't even bite through it. Seriously. Chewy. When I got toward the claw the meat was more tender, but I was disappointed to say the least.  On a positive note they do have combination shot/beer drinks for $8. And who doesn't want that??   Overall though, I would skip this place and head somewhere that specializes in seafood for real. I left craving Salitos crab house and wishing I'd saved my money.  

                I was here last night for their 6 month anniversary celebration and all the small plates were $6.  I have been here before but this is the first time that I had an entire dinner without the seafood boil entrees (which if you choose to have, they have these lovely row of sinks to wash your hands in the common areas - so thoughtful).  We had the scallop salad and the dungeness crab poppers.  Yum!  Then we had the sweet plantain stuffed with quinoa.  Double yum!  We also had the hibiscus fizz (non-alcoholic because we already partied at Lake Chalet at a Bar Mitvah).  The drinks were lovely.  I came the first month they opened, and I must say they have gotten even better.  They don't take reservations unless you have a party of six so get here early if you do not want to wait in line.  The place is doing great and I think they deserve it.  

                This new addition to the Oakland dining scene is a must try!  I've only had a few dishes, but the oysters with cucumber blew my mind. The perfect bite on a hot summer day, the diced cucumbers added a fabulous crunch.  The shrimp lollipops were moist and flavorful (and fun to eat), and the crabmeat & corn on crostini was sweet summer perfection.    While there, I tried a blanco tequila and beer (yes you heard me) cocktail that was refreshing but with a nice kick.  Bartenders are master craftsmen (and women!)  The decor is soothingly nautical in color and tone, and the addition of an 8 foot copper sink for Chef German's customers to cleanse messy hands after having engaged in crawfish boil excesses, is whimsical thoughtfulness at its best.  Can't wait to go back and sample more of the menu.  The outdoor dining should be just the ticket for hot summer evenings in Uptown Oakland.  

                Upon receiving word of this place, we were STOKED to try out alaMar. After all, based on all reports, it seemed as if it would be right up our ally.  Small plates, fresh seafood, fancy pants cocktails, close to home. Sounds good, no?  (Note: It took weeks to find a day and time that worked. They're closed for this reason, they're closed for that reason, they're only open for lunch on certain days, blah, blah, blah. That ridiculousness set the stage for what was to come when we finally were able to make a reservation.)  The reality was not up to our expectations. To be fair, the presentation is uniformly GORGEOUS. Every plate looks amazing and appetizing. This ultimately works against the food, because it makes you think you're about to bite into paradise. The Crispy Stuffed Goat Cheese is not bad but not great by any means. The Charred Local Asparagus is soggy and bland. The Parmesan Truffle Tornado Crisp (a super duper fancy spiral cut potato with fixins) is beautiful, completely lacks any truffle flavor whatsoever, but is still pretty good. The savior? The Chili Maine Lobster is absolutely delicious. Very well done. It just doesn't quite make up for the mediocrity of the rest of the food.  Those were the dishes we tried. The bill came to $82.84, which included a Tecate and a shot of Bulleit. Those tasted wonderful, though the shot of Bulleit was steep at $9.00. STEEP. Coulda' got a whole bottle for $24, y'know? We walked away disappointed, but not so much that we completely ruled out trying alaMar one more time. ONE more time. Maybe.  

                Oh man. Oh man. Ohman! Big big thanks to May (the owner) and her merry band of servers. We had but a moment to chat because I was inhaling mussels and grilled bread like it was my J O B. Her husband is the exec chef, btw.  Please get these. Best mussels outside of Wood Tavern (but that's another story). Almost sad that I had to "suffer" through fresh mussels to get to the broth at the end. INSANELY delicious combo of surf and turf. The bread, again, the bread! Just dip and enjoy.  We also ordered the soft shell crab salad, Tornado truffle fries, and some wine. All of it was amazing.  Great attentive staff, great noise level, can't wait to come back and try more of the menu!  A welcome addition to the Oakland restaurant scene!  

                I am definitely a fan and will likely go here again if I'm back in Oakland.  My friend and I decided to check this place out before a concert.  The seafood was fresh and well prepared.  The portions were big enough that we couldn't eat everything we ordered.  And the service was fast and friendly. It is a small place and they don't take reservations for parties less than 6 so plan accordingly.  

                Can't go wrong with grubbing here! Great Combos of everything. Delicious!!!  The chicken popsicles are great tasters. It's easy to eat and a great precursor to the main entrees.   Another really good starter is the fresh potato chips. A freshly deep fried potato cut like a spindle with that white sauces. The mixture of flavor that explodes  in your mouth is like no other I've tasted before.  hmmm..  (starting to drool..)  The peel to eat shrimps to to die for. Make sure you dip the bread in the sauce too.  The shrimp pot already includes corn and sausages pieces, unlike other places that tries to nickel and dime you for the sides that should already be part of the dish.   I can't recall the name they called the chicken entree but it's the stewed chicken that's basically falling off the bone and melts in your mouth at first bite.   The kitchen is Chef Nelson's canvas and we're all witnesses (tasters) to his artistic master pieces!  

                Went back to alaMar just to see if my five star experience was just a fluke.  Consistency is really important to me since I entertain a lot ...  Well, it was just as fabulous as the first time!    Ordered  a  couple of sides which were good, but the oxtail in that wonderful broth continues to be superb .  My friend went thru 2 baskets of garlic bread dipping in that oxtail broth.  Thought she was going to stab the waitress with her fork when she tried to remove the kettle with the mouth-watering, bread sopping broth.  We ordered the lobster and it was absolutely delicious.  The sauce was super flavorful without overwhelming the lobster.  Be prepared to get your hands dirty tackling the lobster, but it's so worth it!!!!  Try to avoid the temptation to lick the palms of your hands!  Dessert selection is limited, but their mini fruit pie with strawberry ice cream was a nice touch.  This is definitely  a restaurant where you can over-indulge because your taste buds keep saying, "More!"  Normally dainty eaters become greedy little piggies here.  We waddled out of alaMar post-meal and  I ended up literally pushing my friend out of car cuz she ate so much she couldn't move.    BTW...lunch is now available so twice the opportunity for fresh, delicious food.  Better hurry...locals are fast becoming "regulars" at this culinary gem!  Tell them, " Shirley sent you....again!"  

                Menu items purchased for dinner:  Crab Poppers, Penn Cove Mussels, White Shrimp and the Lobster.  Great food. This would have been a 5 star for both value and food, however, the lobster was 40 dollars (labeled MP) and was a little tough.  Great sauces.  I would have preferred plain bread to soak up the sauce.  Way too much oil.  Service staff is also learning the ropes here.  Stick to the White Shrimp and Penn Cove Mussels on the main menu and you should be very satisfied.  They do those well and at a good price.  

                Nice place with great food. We had the tornado truffle fries, blue crab poppers, braised oxtail, crayfish and organic chicken drumsticks. All were good. The oxtail was so tender and fell right off the bone. Great flavor to it. The chicken tasted much better the next day. I love the toasted buttery bread they serve with just about all the main dishes.   I definitely recommended this place and will be returning.   I'm taking off 1 star because the drinks were just 'okay.'  

                Get ready to get messy! Fantastic service! The chef has come out each time I've been here. Thanks Nelson!  

                Good food and great sauces. The chicken could have been a little more cooked. Things came in threes, like 3 crab poppers, 3 chicken legs, 3 scoops of sorbet. The waitress was attentive but the bus boy didn't refill the water glasses until we were ready to go.  Undecided whether I will try again.  

                AlaMar always satisfies my taste buds. Tonight I had the chili lime Dungeness crab and OMG it was soooo good. It is a unique sauce for crab and it was absolutely delicious. I made sure I ate the thinly sliced garlic with every bite. I had no plans to order an appetizer, but my friend and I couldn't resist the chicken confit. The meat fell off the bone but the honey glaze on the outside made it perfectly crispy. I have been on a brussels sprout kick at home and they were a flavorful surprise of salty and sweet-yum! Lastly I am a huge fan of Executive Chef Nelson's flan! This time it was an apple flan that I couldn't get enough of. I pray for some on my birthday, Lol!  

                Our intentions were something else, however ending at this hip, trendy gem of Oakland has made the ending of an outstanding Saturday night! I was impressed by the service, at least three different members of the staff came to make sure we were okay. If nothing else, the food itself was enough to enchant any taste bud. I will be back:)  

                Very good food here! So glad they opened near my work.  Had a last minute halloween dinner here with the mrs. Lobster was delicious.  Tornado potato is probably the potato dish Ive ever had!  We will be back again to try the other dishes.  

                Came here on a weeknight for the first time. The service was excellent, the wait staff were all friendly and knowledgable about their menu and bar selections. Every single dish we ordered was fantastic, as were the mixed drinks. I left very full and very impressed. Will definitely be back!  

                this place is good. four of us came for dinner last night and shared a bunch of stuff.  we had the oysters, crab fritters, soft shell crab salad and tomato salad to start.  everything was delicious, but i particularly loved the crab fritters.  then we got 2 lbs of shrimp which came w/ corn and potatoes at the bottom of the pot, plus fried bread on the side.  we also got some tostones and asparagus, but we probably didn't even need them.  i did like the garlic tzaziki that came w/ the tostones though.  the shrimp were also delicious, garlicky, and the sauce was great for dipping.  we were stuffed by the end!  each of us also got 2 cocktails and the total was about $50 each.  not bad for a fri night!  

                Eh, food wise nothing memorable. Small restaurant, feeling cramped having tables so close together.   An aluminum  platter is was given in lieu of a plate with a paper over it ( not a great idea considering when cutting your food, the paper tears and you can end up consuming the paper).  Bread was good, but we had to ask for it.   Didn't try the drinks.  

                A wonderful new addition to the blossoming Oaktown dining scene.  Chef German has put tremendous love and creativity into these dishes.    I was so glad we went as a group of four (five if you include my 2 year old), so we could try more dishes.  We had the crispy stuffed goat cheese and petite chicken wing confit as our appetizers....both were fantastic.  The spiced beet puree and lemon honey drizzle was a wonderful complement to the crispy goat cheese balls.  My daughter particularly loved the beet puree (see picture).  The chicken wings are like none I've had before, crispy and flavorful, and with a bacon honey glaze  that balanced sweet and savory.  For mains, we shared the crayfish, shrimp, and organic chicken drumsticks.  The crayfish was sweet and fresh and came paired with a delicious housemade sausage and white corn.  The chicken and shrimp were very flavorful and came with fingerling potatoes and white corn.  All were prepared in their own unique broth, which may have been the highlight for me.  I loved dipping the crispy bread into each of the broths and letting the flavors soak in.  We sampled five different cocktails from the inventive list the mixologist has put together.  My favorites were the Matterhorn and the "Bay Vieux Fashioned", his take on an Old Fashioned.  I finished with a glass of the Albarino, which complemented the seafood broths very nicely.  Leave room for dessert.  We had the housemade beignets and the rhubarb cheesecake lollipops.  The beignets came with a tasty vanilla rum dipping sauce.  The cheese lollipops had a "snickerdoodle dust" and each bite was full of creamy flavor.  A memorable evening, and with very reasonable prices.  We'll be back often.  

                3.5 stars.  My bf and I frequently use yelp to help us find new places to try. Up popped Alamar. The pictures posted on here were mouth watering so we decided to give it a try. Honestly, I was a little disappointed. I should have questioned the high star rating since some of the reviews seemed to come from patrons who were familiar with the chef.   Don't get me wrong, our service was excellent, the drinks were good, and the ambiance was nice. Our appetizers were on point, definitely the best part of the meal. We had the coconut shrimp lollipops and the dungeness crab poppers. Both had me craving for more.   However, what made me question my willingness to come back were our mains. We had the chili Maine lobster and the local delta crayfish. The corn and sauces on both dishes were great, but the lobster was completely overcooked. It was like trying to bite through rubber. The crayfish were tiny. There was barely any meat in them. I get that these are local and I expected them to be on the small side but come on! To top that off, the asparagus we had was not appetizing. They were covered in a weird batter. I had a couple and left the rest alone. Our server noticed this and offered to take it off our bill (very nice of her).  Overall, I'm tempted to give this place another try because it has so much potential. We'll see about that.  

                What an amazing experience! At the end of your meal, someone asked me what my favorite was... I couldn't answer! The goat cheese balls, the ox tail, the shrimp, the oysters, the asparagus, the CHICKEN WINGS! Delicious. Add the cocktails & dessert, I was in heaven. Decor was understated but interesting. Will definitely go again!  

                I had dinner at this hip little new spot. It was pretty crowded for a Monday night. Locals and business people. They seemed short handed for the amount of people. Started off with a beer and a shot. Cool idea. The tecate was ice cold.  The menu was easy.  Small plates , meat and fish. The food looked great. We ended up having just small plates. Soft shell crab salad, shrimp , crab and oysters. All fresh me delicious.  I would come back for sure. The food is great and prices are very reasonable.  

                My good friend suggested Alamar for lunch and I'm always up for a new place to try. We both had the black diamond IPA which was one if the better beers I've tried in awhile. I ordered the shrimp torta on a pretzel roll, my friend ordered the oxtail quesadilla. However he was brought the lobster grill cheese. Ok lil mistake but let's be clear here on the service part. My torta was delivered the same time as his incorrect order. Bottom line I waited till it was corrected. Our server was not busy at all. The inside had maybe 8 people inside tops. He only had to remember two orders, I don't think it's too much to expect to get that right. All in all the torta was fantastic! Shrimp were a good size and I never took a bite without biting into shrimp. I would go back and recommend it to friends. The variety on the lunch menu is enough to make me want to return. Portions are small but it was just enough. If you have a big appetite you may want to order a side which we didn't. I honestly would have given 4 stars if it were not for that simple task of getting a small order correct. My tip to the server, write it down.  

                Come with a group so that you can try everything. Between the 7 of us, we tried almost everything on the menu.   *oysters, 4/5 *soft shell crab salad, 4/5 *chicken wing confit, 3/5 *crispy goat cheese, 3/5 *shrimp by the pound 4/5 *mussels by the pound 3/5 *oxtail 5/5 *asparagus, 3/5 *potato crisp 5/5 *hisbiscus fizz 1/5 *other cocktails 3/5  The clear favorites were the oxtail, and the potato crisp. The best part about ordering the main dishes was the bread to soak up the sauces. However, we had to ask for bread 3 more times. One slice of bread each did not do it for us. We shouldn't have to ask for more (they should have been more attentive), and it shouldn't have taken so long to get it. We felt like we were begging for bread when it should have come with the meal. Tacky.  Another tacky thing was that they wanted to charge us a per person fee of bringing a cake. We were celebrating a special event and we just spent over $250 so please don't nickel and dime us for that $7 fee. For what? You just made our happy celebration a downer.  The owner came by to say hi and ask us about the meal. However, it didn't seem like she was genuine and really overstayed to press us about how we found out about the restaurant. We were a bit vague in the beginning and she really grilled one of the girls until she was specific. Wow.  Well, all in all, this place has potential. Food was decent, and prices are decent. Perhaps I will give it another shot and hopefully "up" my current rating.  

                Came here early in the evening for dinner during the week.  Street parking seemed available.    Ala Mar is a small restaurant with a decently sized outdoor sidewalk dining area.  They specialize in small plates.  It's pretty trendy inside, but with bench like tables, paper towels for napkins, and serve yourself silverware on the table.  Very hipster.  We shared the soft shell crab salad and the chicken wings.  Both were very good, although they must have gotten the six chicken wings from the world's smallest chicken.  We moved on to the quinoa with plaintains which was just OK from my perspective, and then a bucket of shrimp.  You got a good amount of shrimp to peel and a good time was had by all.    Service was fine.  Pretty pricey for what you get.  The toasted  bread that came with the meal was tasty. Not sure if we paid separately with it or it came with the meal.    Pretty darned loud at dinner if you want to have a conversation.  

                BOMB!! Great food, friendly service and diners, and decent prices compared to all the other small plate movement establishments.   Came on a Thu. 2 people. 1lb shrimp, 2 orders of crab poppers, fried goat cheese, brussel sprouts, potato tornado. No complaints. The shrimp sauce (roux) was awesome. If you don't get as many small plates order a lb per person (but then again they do throw potatoes and corn in the shrimp pot)...Be prepared to get messy. Oh yea, and the bread, very dangerous (in a good way).   Will definitely go back.  

                This place just opened a few weeks ago and it's right down the street.  They claim to be "new American" cuisine, mostly seafood.   Interesting flavors and a pretty unique menu.  Most of the seafood is MP.  There are 2 non-seafood items: ox tail and roasted chicken.    The braised ox tail was delicious though the portions were a bit light.  We also got the shrimp, mussels and crab.  The crab was probably the best item on the menu, though it took about 40 mins to come to the table.    A few kinks to work: Service was a bit slow. The truffle fries are NOT fries.  They are potato chips.    Overall, very promising new place and we look forward to going back.  

                Food was DELICIOUS!!!!! The cooks were on point. Only reason I  gave a 4 star rating is because service was a bit slow (took a while to even get greeted, drink orders etc.) I went with a friend ( both of us have been servers forever so we get it, but still) on a busy night. We were starving so we ordered everything all at once. After this the service was GREAT! They coursed out meal PERFECTLY!   Go there! Enjoy the delicious food!  

                Great food, great service!  What more can you ask for!  The prawns were so good.  I can't wait to go back!  Thank you restaurant week for having me try it!  

