                Delicious! Our group of girls opted for the prix fixe and I was floored. It was SO good.  Definitely feels like you walked into grandma's house in the front and sort of feels like you are on an outdoor patio in the back room... but you are definitely inside.  I'll give you a breakdown on all the food brought out to us because.. well I can.  Salad was just fine, kind of bland but I did eat it all. The dressing was a little too acidic. Olives were great but some were kind of mushy, which is not the best texture. I very rarely hate an olive. Omelette with potatoes and onions was great dish, kind of a filler but I still had two servings. Prawns were great and I don't even like shrimp.. that much. Cooked sausages were so flavorful, cooked in cider with apples to balance it out. We got cooked mushrooms and those were great and we got a little sausage/chorizo board and it was great and we got some spinach and that was great. We even got a calamari dish and they were fried to perfection, not rubbery at all.   BUT the star of the night was their crispy potatoes in aioli. I literally ate the whole bowl. They are like country potatoes in the perfect spices that are just blistered and as SO amazing. I talked about them all weekend long.   Sangria was good, nothing to get specially. They count out the number of dishes provided by each set of 4 so we had 3 times the menu. Incredible generous since we were stuffed to the brim. I was sad we didn't order the paella but there was definitely not room for it. Definitely would be back with a group, such a great deal.  

                Good they managed to squeeze us in on a busy Saturday night when every other place had a wait time of 45 min at least.  However this place is expensive for the average food and tiny portions.  The sangria was watery and bitter. Didn't like it.  The paella was average. I have had better in Castro street mountain view. The worst part was asking us to scrap off even the burnt paella at the bottom. It definitely wasn't the best part of the paella as the chef insisted. Ruined the entire paella for us.  The  complimentary bread was cold and olive oil was below average.  For the location and ambience, the chef can do better.  

                Don't get me wrong, for a place on the otherwise ugly Lombard, Alegrias was charming and intimate. Service was great. But the food... really not so.  We ordered an array of tapas to share and not one was amazingggg, but overall quite average. Both of us dining have spent a good amount of time in Spain so maybe this explains why.  If you're looking for an easy reservation, and a cute place, with good to ok food, try it out. But if you're really craving great Spanish food, try Zarzuela on Hyde, or if you can get a reservation, definitely go to Coqueta on the Embarcadero.  

                Still a good place for dinner and you can park across the street at Lombard Street Parking.  Brought friends and family here when I came into town.  We tried lots of different plates but I particularly love the mushrooms and paellas.  Bookmarked and will definitely come back  

                Go for their flaming cheese!  That is an eye-winner and a specialty for a Spanish tapa!  I also did like their Shrimps in their house signature sauce!  It was delightful!  Their Empanada and White Wine Marinated Mushrooms were good, but wasn't the all star spectacular dishes on tapas!  Service was wonderful and they set the mood with live music being played!  It's a great date place to bring a special someone due to its glowing dinner setting!  

                Appearance with my wife, daughter, in-laws and brother in-law brought the owner sharing stories and warm hospitality.   We loved the paella a la Valenciana con chorizo, which we had not tried before.  The special white tuna empanadillas delicious and I ended with mousse and cortado again.  

                I contacted the owner Ceasar a few days before my wife's birthday in order to setup a big birthday dinner (25+ people). Ceasar was amazing. Extremely friendly and professional. They were able to accommodate all of us within a short notice, something that is not very common in SF.   We opted for the Tapas + salad prefixed menu which was more then enough food. They were very generous with the food and the food was delicious. Everyone really enjoyed it.   Overall, I would come back here for such events or even small dinners anytime. The service, food and everything was top notch.  

                I love Spanish tapas and I love Alegrias. Both my visits here have been phenomenal. They have an abundant assortment of vegetarian tapas and delicious desserts.   We got a pitcher of Sangria which was some of the best we've had in the city, 3 tapas, of which 2 were excellent and the other was a tad too rich for us. We also ordered the paella, which was perfectly seasoned and simmered. After our entrees, we tried to eat the fantastic Crema Catalana but we're too full from cleaning off the other plates to finish the dessert.   Would highly recommend Alegrias to anyone, especially those in the mood for an intimate evening with fantastic tapas.  

                Awesome tapas restaurant! Quaint, magical, romantic with nice decor/ambience!  Highly recommend for a nice quiet evening with excellent food and great service.  We had all the vegetarian options - empandilas, mushrooms, spinach, lentil soup, manchego cheese flambe, asparagus, veg paella. Everything was excellent!   Must-visit...checkout the wall paintings when you are there, apparently I was told the owner draws/paints...reminded me of Dali.  

                Nice, quiet, tapas place. Came in early on a Wednesday night and had a nice evening.  Our server, Juan Carlos, was perfect. Gracious and attentive.  We ordered a pitcher of Sangria which was plenty (almost too much) for two.  The menu has a good selection. We opted for the Empanadillas de carne, Jamon Iberico, and Tortilla Española to start. I would rate those in that order from most favorite to least (although the tortilla was just fine)  We ordered the Paella Valenciana which had a wonderful flavor. Rice was perfect as was the seafood. Be sure to squeeze some lemon over the paella.  For two people, the bill was $87, so it's a bit pricey, but it was good food.   Decor is somewhat old fashioned, but good made up for it.  

                Alegrias Food from Spain is an over the top excellent restaurant. My family and I made reservations through Open Table and when we showed up some 15 to 20 minutes early they still took us to a table right away. In fact, they sat us in a private room in the back, away from all the chatter of the main dining room! The service was friendly and prompt and the food was nothing short of amazing. We started out with some tapas which were very tasty. We then had the Paella Valenciana with Chorizo, which was exquisite. Lots of seafood plus cuts of chorizo sausage. The best! I finally had the panqueques con dulce de leche (caramel filled crepes), which were again, amazing. Not a cheap dinner, but well worth every penny! Highly recommended, especially for a romantic dinner with your special date.  

                Hole in the wall mom and pop type of place.  A friend of mine chose this location for dinner and I'm glad they did.  Spanish tapas - we had the papas (which had just the right amount of crispiness and seasoning, better than Esperpento and others), mushrooms, enpanadas (veggie and meat), asparagus, chorizo plate, and the small white fish.  The tiny fish were so GOOD.  Reminded me of a childhood favorite only we squeezed lime and sprinkled sea salt on them.    I recommend this restaurant.  

                Classic Spanish restaurant and ambiance. It's not exactly a place I'll cross the city for but if you're in the Marina and you want to have a quiet or even romantic dinner and be able to chat over some tapas and Sangria you could do a whole lot worse.  The service here is super friendly and attentive. It feels like a family run place. The only reason I gave 3 stars is it feels a bit run down around the edges. The food is good but not outstanding.  

                Color me disappointed.  Staff forgot we were there and our food arrived between 40-50 mins after we had ordered.  The white fish empanadas were good as was the tripe. The paella, however, was so so.  Less than 24 hours later update: Color me shocked.  The owner just called, profusely apologizing for the missteps last night.  Yes folks, it's been only twelve hours since my post above.  He refunded the hubby in full for last night's meal.  Please note that he didn't need to do this and did not realize that a Yelp review was already posted.  I'm upgrading the rating because I didn't realize that such customer service was still alive.  

                Pros: - Their beef empanadas are pretty good - Service was good - granted there were only 2 tables being served  Cons: - Their beef empanadas cost 9 bucks for 2. They are tiny.  - All their portions are tiny. I understand they sell "tapas" but they should use that as an excuse to charge like a normal plate and be cheap on portion sizes - All the dishes I ordered were below average. I can cook better Spanish food.  - I've been to Spain, and compared to food there. This place is a 2/10.  - Too expensive for what you get.  

                This place is absolutely amazing, perhaps one of the best meals I've ever had!  My boyfriend and I shared a couple of tapas including jamon iberico (delicious and salty), chorizo, bocadillos (crab cakes), manchego flambeado (cheese doused in brandy and set on fire), and sangria. Everything was delicious but in hindsight, we could have picked something else besides the chorizo.  The sangria was delicious and smooth. My boyfriend said it was the best he's had since studying abroad in Spain. The crab cakes were just about the best thing I've ever eaten. There were 2 crab cakes in a creamy jalapeno sauce... that sauce was heaven. It was creamy and subtlely spicy and I sopped it all up with bread.  I loved the decor and the service was excellent. As if I don't love San Francisco enough already, this little place is reason enough for me to move here permanently.  

                My boyfriend and I went to Alegrias for date night and we really enjoyed our time at the restaurant.  The ambiance is very cozy and quiet so it was perfect for a date. The food was amazing and the service was outstanding.  We can't wait to come there again and try other dishes on the menu.  I will absolutely recommend this place to all of my friends. This place is a gem!  

                Outstanding Spanish spot for tapas and excellent paella. Nice quiet setting for an easy unrushed meal.  A bit inconsistent in the service - one server said we could not order a 2nd 1/2 glass of wine, the next brought it cheerfully. Why say no?  It was a bit annoying, but not enough to avoid this great little place.  

                Amazing food, service, and ambiance. This is a fantastic spot for a romantic date or dinner with your friends. My mom and I got the rabbit stew, grilled asparagus with shaved manchego cheese, and mussels. They were all absolutely delicious but I really recommend the rabbit stew. The meat was so tender and the tomato-based stew was seasoned deliciously. We also got the sangria as well and enjoyed every sip. I'm taking a star off this place just because it's a little expensive for the portions. But then again, it's a tapas place and it's in the Marina so it makes sense. Will recommend this place to all my friends!  

                Where do you take your aging parents who typically think anything but Chinese food has "weird flavors" and are surprised there's more than one type of cuisine among the different countries that speak Spanish?  Apparently, you bring them to Alegrias and they have a grand old time. We very much enjoyed the sangria, the sliced cured ham, the rabbit and the croquettes. Good tapas.  I love me some paella, and so was very excited to try theirs, but the paella here was just ok. Too heavy on the tomato, not enough saffron. It was also smaller than we expected.  Still, it was a tasty meal, and the service was friendly. And thumbs up for pleasing my parents on their introduction to Spanish food.  

                This place is great for group celebrations! We came here to celebrate a friend's birthday, a party of 12 people. We called them up earlier to make reservation. On reaching, we were happily greeted and directed to the back room with large table.   Ambiance - This place is romantic inside - clean white washed walls, dim lighting, crisp white tablecloth on tables, walls adorned neatly with Spanish assorted pictures and decorations.  For larger groups they have Pre-fixe menu with 2 options - Option 1: Salad and tapas,  includes most options from menu but excludes paella,  for $28 per person.   Option 2: Salad and tapas, WITH paella, for $36 per person. We went with option 2 with paella.  The most outstanding dishes are -  1. Marinated olives - These olives definitely deserve a special mention. So delish and addictive that i couldn't stop popping into my mouth! Believe me, A MUST TRY! 2. Spanish potato and caramelized onion omelette - These omelettes are a thing! Why not come here for brunch, i ask? 3. Gambas al Ajillo, prawns sauteed with garlic, parsley, and wine. Delicious. 4. Patatas Aioli - Crisp fried potatoes tossed in garlic aioli. Another favorite of the night, MUST TRY! 5. Mushrooms sauteed in garlic and wine - Quite popular with vegetarians in the group. 6. Paella - Ample seafood and meat, perfectly cooked! The vegeterian paella was very flavorful too.  Outside pre-fixe menu, additionally we ordered -  Sangria - which flowed freely for the night, light and refreshing, but ofcourse everyone was buzzed by the end of the grand feast.   Desserts - The group wanted to try most of the desserts from list, so we all shared. Ordered - Flan, Chocolate mousse, and pudding. The definite stars  were the  chocolate mousse and bread pudding, that everyone fought for.   Service - The service was simply outstanding! For such a large group, to serve without a hitch or moment of confusion, not ever having to wait upon the food, is in my opinion commendable. Glasses were always refilled, every attention was given to detail while serving without being intrusive. The head chef himself came to meet the group and gave his recommendations on what is best for the group. As we sat there chatting till late, we were never rushed to leave. Overall every one of us left very happy and impressed.   PROS -  1. Great food 2. For vegetarians they have many options. Also they offered to replace any appetizers from pre fixe menu for any other vegetarian option in regular menu. This is always good news for our veggie friends. Such flexibility is an added bonus. 3. Quantity of food is never a worry here, i assure. Initially our guy friends were little apprehensive about  selecting a tapas place for they boast of their large appetites and more so with infamous tapas meal portions. We also called the restaurant in advance to ensure about the quantity of portion. However this placed rocked the party and everyone left with a full happy belly.  

                I really like this family run place.  The lighting could be better (a bit dark which makes one a bit sleepy.) The tapas were brought out too fast altogether. But the food was excellent.  The gambas al ajillo (shrimp) and setas al agillo (mushroom) were fantastic. The sauce for these dishes were simple garlic sauce with rioja wine and it was delicious.   I also liked the olives and hot chorizo dish with apple (but skip the apple themselves - better just for flavoring). Avoid the spinach with pinebuts (too dry).  

                Super cozy and romantic restaurant. Great service and vibe!  I thought the food was good. There was no dish that really stuck out except maaaaaaybe the paella.  Who knows? Maybe we just ordered the wrong stuff.  

                There is no one word for the food and service this restaurant provided for my family and I. If I could give them an extra star I would. The Paella is second to none! :-)  

                Horrible service. Food was okay. We made a reservation, got seated, then sat there for a good 20 minutes, then finally someone came with water and took our order. Food overall was decent, nothing amazing. Our water was finished half way into our meal (food was pretty salty) and the waiter did not pour us more water. We instead watched him poured water for everyone around us.  By the time he looked over to us, we already finished our meal and just wanted to leave. Then of course it takes them another 10 minutes to get us our check. Time was wasted, food was average, dying of thirst, 1 star.  

                I was surprised to get a last-min reservation for a group of 4 on a Sunday night. The ambience is extremely romantic, a little sleepy. My friends in SF tech outfit felt really underdressed here.  Tapas are great. Paella was good, but not impressive. The rice was a little too soft and creamy. The flambeed apple crepe was a lot more alcoholic than what we expected.  This is a great place for a date, but might be too romantic to chill with friends.  

                I came here for my birthday dinner this year, after scouring Yelp for suggestions of some quality paella in the city.   The ambience is pretty decent, and the service was not terrible. The entire restaurant was pretty crowded, so I'll make allowances for any lags between our waiter checking in on us.   The sangria did not impress at all, and frankly neither did the food. It was not horrible, but it wasn't very good or what I felt to be authentic. I found the chorizo to be so-so, and that is really the main ingredient I crave in Spanish dishes. The portion sizes are also tiny for the prices. For two people, we spent over $100 on one paella, two drinks, one dessert and two tapas. Kind of nuts, if you know what this stuff goes for in Spain. Also, the menu is SMALL. The only really pleasing dish was the rice pudding, which is something I grew up on and is pretty hard to mess up.  I might go back again, but I would not really recommend them until I have a better experience.  

                I was bedazzled at how impeccable the service was.  Our server was attentive and didn't miss a beat.  Our water and wine were being filled constantly; we we're not left thirsty. We ordered the patatas and that was absolutely delicious.  Wow the buttery ness and the Flavours of the herbs was quite fantastic.  The mushrooms were delicately prepared and paired perfectly with our Oinot Noir.  Gosh the vegetarian empanadas were heaven.  CoZy and charming ambience we'll definitely come back to try the paella.  

                The environment is cozy. The food was delicious and the service was great. I will recommend to all  

                Cozy welcoming refuge from Lombard Street.Croquetas were excellent!  Try crema Catalana para postre...yummy! Also, muy romantico!  

                The atmosphere in this restaurant is very down-home country, like a farmer's house in rural Spain and less like a festive tapas bar that you may be expecting. The food, though, is fantastic. Our favorite things were the calamares fritos con alioli, the cazuela de queso de cabra, and the bocadillos de cangrejo (crab cakes). The calamari were perfectly cooked in such a light batter, and the sauce to dip them in was super-savory. The baked goat cheese dish is always one of my favorites at tapas places, and Alegrias's version was tops. The crab cakes were cooked perfectly as well-- and we sopped up all the sauce with the bread pieces we had.  The only skippable thing we tried were the empanadillas vegetarianas, the vegetarian empanadas. They just sort of had a strange flavor I wasn't into-- but the pastry was excellent!  We also treated ourselves to sangria and chocolate mousse for dessert. The sangria was some of the best I've had, very well-balanced and full-bodied. And the mousse? We talked about it for days after.  This place is definitely a bit of a splurge, as the term 'small plates' aptly describes the portions here. We'd come back for the food-- but it would have to be a special occasion.  

                Great tapas! A lot of places overuse oil and butter (Two of my fave things!) but not this one. The food just has the right amount of richness. The result? It's much easier to eat a large variety.  Place is awesome. Great wine too.  

                This place had a nice, homey feel and the lighting created a really romantic atmosphere. Service was good and friendly. We ordered the Tortilla de chorizo, which was a Spanish omelette and it was super yummy. Definitely recommend it for appetizer. Ordered the seafood Paella for our main course. The portion was pretty good, however, the taste was kind of bland. I had better paella before.   Would come back again, but not for the paella.  

                Have come here 2 times since my last review, and this place continues to impress me, both with waitstaff and cuisine. There's never a wait, which is surprising because of how good it is. I brought a large group of friends here and my family when they were visiting, and the tapas and paella are so, so good. I've got my order down for about 5 people: calamari, potatos with aioli, crab cakes, frog legs, mushrooms, gambas al ajillo, tortilla de chorizo, and the seafood and chorizo paella. The crab cake's sauce is out of this world, and their aioli is very special. Pitchers of sangria = necessity.  Only thing - when I came here with a bunch of girls after a few cocktails, we felt like the loudest people in the restaurant, though we were talking in normal voices. It's very quiet!  Can't wait to bring visitors back again  

                AUTHENTIC PAELLA, GREAT SERVICE I loved this place. Cant believe we are always in the cow hollow/marina area and we have never tried it before this past Sunday. the owner/manager let us place the order for the Paella before we even came in ( it takes roughly 30 minutes to cook). we were starving we came to the restaurant fifteen minutes  before they opened the door for us and  they let us in with open arms. the decor is very mellow and warm. The service is nothing short of perfect. we ordered a tortilla before and it was done to perfection. I was nervous about the Paella but let me tell it is the best I have had in a long time. We had the Seafood paella and there is MUCH more seafood than rice! and man was it tasty! I grew up eating Paella. Few places know how to do it in North America and this place is one of them. Go try it. Great date night place. Bon Appetit!  

                I've gotta say yelp really disappointed me tonight...   We came here and got the chicken, seafood and sausage paella (seafood is very fishy and a lot of the rice was stuck to the pan so we didn't get to eat much), the mushrooms were good and we liked dipping the bread in the juice, the crab cakes were okay but the portion definitely could have been better, the spinach was pretty good, the olives are really hard to screw up so those were fine, and the mussels we didn't like at all - again really fishy. The sangria was a nice addition to the meal though.   For what we paid we definitely could have gone to much better places :(  

                Exceptionally good tapas!  Yes, the portions are (*gasp*) TAPAS-sized!  And yes, they are more expensive than we Americans have been trained to expect for our plentiful, cheap, portions-larger-than-we-should-be-eating meals (*gasp* again).  HOWEVER, I make a habit of eating at tapas joints in my travels, and the food at Alegrias ranks in the top 5% of tapas joints I have eaten at across the US.  Great spices, good flavors, and interesting artwork on the walls (next to our table, at any rate).  The prices they charge for the dishes they serve are comparable to other large, expensive metropolitan areas for the same and similar dishes (again-- *gasp* -- shocking! price consistency, what is this world coming to?).  I would be a regular, if it didn't require hopping on a plane to get here.  

                This is a very special place that I long to return to; for it was the very first restaurant I ate at in San Francisco. I was very anxious and scared coming to a city I hadn't been to in years, and the fact that my mother, who was with me at the time, and I, had to stay in a cheap motel put me over the edge. But this place, made everything better.  Not only was the atmosphere simply wonderful and romantic, the servers made you feel like you were being treated in an actual restaurant in Spain!  My mother enjoyed a glass of Spanish wine (I sadly do not remember exactly what it was). We had two servings of empanadillas and topped it off with a seafood paella. So fresh and delicious!   But the food does take a while to come to the table; however, we didn't mind since the dishes we had were totally worth the wait.   I need to come back to you, my Spanish getaway.  

                Came here for the rehearsal dinner before our wedding and we couldn't be happier.   The food was fantastic. Everything was delicious, skillfully seasoned, and satisfying. Also, considering we were there to feed 20 people, the price absolutely could not be beat anywhere else for that kind of quality. Everyone left stuffed and satisfied.  My review of 5 stars even includes the fact that a server accidentally bumped his tray onto the wall and spilled water all over my mom. He was horrified and we were graced with pitchers of sangria in apology. We also have a great story from that night now :)  

                I was very excited to try their Paella as it was highly recommended by a couple of co workers. Well....ended up being really disappointed! There was no signs of saffron and the whole thing tasted like a regular tomato Spanish rice. The rice was cooked unevenly and the seafood was NOT fresh! It was Friday night prime time dinner so I don't know why the ingredients were bad. Wish I had a better experience... I don't think I will go back. The atmosphere was nice and the staff were great.  

                Great Tapas!  There's a lot of selection, and the inside is very cozy.  I had the tripe, rabbit, and crab cakes.  They were delicious!  Rabbit was surprisingly ungamey.  Crab cakes were nicely fried.  The setting is very intimate.  The portions are a little small, but the taste was great.  

                I've been to Spain many times now and I've covered a good one third of the country now eating my way through with abandon. Now even back before you had the trendy upheaval of small plates/tapas places, Alegrias existed. It used to be hard to get the cuisine and this one of the few places that offered proper renditions of tradition. On a weekend you'll probably hear music via a Flamenco guitarist, and you'll order a bunch of plates of hearty fare. Just reading the following makes me hungry:  Tortilla a la Española - Classic Spanish potato and caramelized onion omelette  Gambas al Ajillo - Prawns sauteed with garlic, parsley and white Rioja wine  Chistorra a la Cidra - Chistorra sausage sauteed in Spanish cider with onions, garlic, and poached apple.  Mejillones Alegrias - Steamed mussels in a white Rioja wine, garlic, and parsley sauce  Setas al Ajillo - Mushrooms sauteed in garlic and white Rioja wine  Cazuela de Queso de Cabra - Oven cooked goat cheese on a bed of red sauce  Callos a la Madrileña - Tripe in traditional Madrid style  Espinacas a la Catalana - Sauteed spinach with garlic, raisins, apple, and pine nuts  Patatas Alioli - Crisp fried potatoes tossed with a traditional alioli sauce  Calamares Fritos con Alioli - Fried calamares served with alioli sauce  Conejo a la Cazuela - Stewed rabbit with vegetables and wine  Chistorra, callos, and the fact that they have Iberico de bellota is worth it alone. The rest of the fare is just as tasty though more common. Atmosphere and service is lively when they have a full house but can also be quiet on other days. There are few places that hold to older Spanish traditions like this. So if you want that style of food. I'd say head on over.  

                Amazing tapas treat.  I have been several times when we are in the city.  It is a romantic,  small cafe similar to ones I remember from my days in Spain.  The staff is eager to please and informative on menu choices.  The sangria is phenomenal.  I always go for the Tortilla Espanola and the almonds.  

                The food was spectacular-- i love the Tapas style because you can try so many different flavors! The aoili potatoes and the goat cheese dish were definitely my favorite! I think this place gets passed up because it doesnt look as trendy on the outside as some of the restaurants nearby but the food is worth it!  

                This place is a terrific off-the-beaten path spot in the Marina. As a vegetarian, it can be tricky to go to Spanish/Tapas places, but Alegrias makes it easy - a vast menu of offerings for everyone - meat eaters or vegetarians (they even mark all vegetarian options on the menu). There were four of us and we split all of the below.  We started with three of the specials: eggplant with mixed vegetables, tomato gazpacho and shishito peppers. All were excellent - the eggplant was served in a small dome shape as a cold salad mixed in a tasty, slightly tangy sauce; the tomato gazpacho especially fresh and the shishito peppers with a very slight bit of heat served as a perfect finger food. We then had quite a few of the hot tapas - Empanadillas Vegetarianas, Patatas Bravas (not on the menu, but they'll make it as a spicier option) and Setas al Ajillo. While I don't eat fried food, I did eat the insides of the empanadillas and they were terrific - packed with lots of texture and flavor with a smoky taste and lots of filling - no skimping here! The patatas were good and had a nice heat to them, but were not standout compared to the other dishes, however, I will say they were evenly spiced throughout. The Setas were terrific - nice, chunky mushrooms in a fantastic white wine sauce, each mushroom marinated perfectly. For the main course, we split the Paella de Verduras. It's a typical paella (mostly rice and squash together in the mix, but of note that it wasn't overcooked, which paella frequently can be), but topped with large carrots and asparagus - a very nice extra veggie punch.  Most of the table split sangria (I didn't, though I had a sip), and the best way I can describe it is as a tootsie pop. Not too sweet but a solid fruity flavor with many orange pieces throughout the drink. The pitchers were a pretty good size too.  For dessert we split three dishes - the chocolate mousse, the bread pudding and the apple crepe with rum. The chocolate mousse was dense and a deep flavor - certainly very rich, which is what I prefer. The bread pudding was a bit doughy when not combined with the vanilla ice cream, but when combined, a perfectly sweet hot and cold mix. The crepe was fun - it is served on fire due to the lighting of the rum - this one is best when you can combine a bite of the crepe in the rum sauce with the ice cream. Best to eat when hot so the apple flavor melts in your mouth, definitely not as tasty as it cools.  Overall, a fantastic restaurant. The ambiance is a bit dark and intimate, and it is a nice change from many other Marina restaurants. Service was attentive but not overwhelming. Will definitely be back!  

                Alegrias had come highly recommended to me by a good friend of mine who enjoys food just as much as I do. With that said, i decided to take my bf to dinner for his birthday. I made reservations about 3 weeks in advance since I knew the place was small and I had a of 6 for a Sunday dinner at 5:30pm.  (Service) - We were seated immediately in the back room away from everyone. So my first thought was cool, they are accommodating us. First 15 minuets no one came to check on us or offer water. Finally after I flagged multiple waiters down who simply kept walking by us, we were able to place our order. Since we had so much time to look at the menu we order our drinks, tapas, and food all at the same time before they forgot about us again. at the end of dinner I tried to discreetly find a waiter to order a dessert so we could sing Happy birthday. It took me 10 min hunt one down in the kitchen. It took them another 15 min to bring the small piece of flan out.  Needless to say, the service was not up to par.  (food) -  The food was okay. The tapas we ordered were very small (not really shareable). Thankfully we had ordered about 5 different tapas off the menu. The large paella plate was also fairly small. I had asked the waiter if the plate was shareable, and he said it was. I have shared a plate before with my bf to where it was enough for the two of us. This plate was not enough. I literally stopped eating so that my bf can have more because paella is a fav dish of his.   Given the price and portion size, i doubt I'll ever come back. Comparing to another place I went to in mountain view for Paella, Alegrias did not even come close to it.  

                I am from Spain, and I am VERY picky when it comes to my food from home. I have tried almost every Tapas place in town, and this is one of my favorite ones. I love the atmosphere, and the service is really good. It truly feels like home to me, and Cesar, the owner, is very sweet. He even sat down with us to have a glass of wine and chat.  I love the art that they have on the walls. Notice the small big eyed portraits on the walls. They remind me of a children's book. Cesar's daughter makes them.  Their Jamon Ibérico is the real thing by the way! Not those cheap imitations that they serve in some other TAPAS places in the city.... Their paella is really good, and inexpensive compared to other places (one is enough for 4 people to snack on with other tapas) Their croquetas, empanadillas, crab cakes, tortilla de patata con chorizo are soooo good!!!  I go there often now, and I can't stop it!  

                This place was just down the street from were I stayed at and decided to try it out. Their grilled asparagus was cooked perfectly. I also had the beef empanadas. And let me tell you that they have been the best I have had. The paella a la Valenciana was very good! The staff were very friendly as well.  

                I was pleasantly surprised.  I've walked by this place a million times, and never thought twice about it.  I went with a very large group (around 15 people) last night, with a fixed menu due to the size.  The restaurant is understated, romantic, and has a very comfortable ambiance.  The food was really solid.  What I liked about it was that we had a big group, and everybody had several tapas that they really liked.  Plenty of vegetarian options, which aren't my thing so much but went over well.  I thought the calamari, shrimp, and new potatoes were excellent.  The vegetarians in our group went wild for the olives provided on the table, the mushrooms, and the omelettes.  Sangria was good, and the refills for our fixed menu were extremely generous.  My glass was never less than half full.  They were very accommodating to our large group, but I think that it would be just as good a choice for a romantic date night.    While the vibe was definitely "tapas", it had a more elegant and intimate feel than many other tapas places I've been to in SF, many of which are noisier and have a more communal/"fun night out" vibe.  I would definitely come back.  

                Wonderful tapas and paella. Throughly enjoyed the shrimp and the potato omelette. And the seafood paella was great too.  

                Came here for a friend's birthday dinner. Ordered a black squid ink paella which I found to be quite delicious. It tastes a little bit sour but not to the point where it is like eating a lemon. We also had the goat cheese appetizer, we were not fond of it (we had better). We also got a dish of calamari (it was surprisingly good!). Croquettes were pretty good too (I felt like we ordered it just to have it). I was not a fan of their empanadas because they had really weird and different stuffings inside. I think I remember it having olives or something..but the dough was good, flaky buttery and soft.  I really liked their service, they were really nice people and was very caring for our table.  

                The folks at Alegrias are always friendly, and the food is delectable. I can't remember disliking anything I've eaten here.    I typically order:  Gambas al Ajillo(Prawns sauteed with garlic, parsley and white Rioja wine) - super garlicky and keeps you wanting more  Manchego Flambeado (Spanish Manchego cheese flambe' with brandy) - visually speaking, when this manchego comes out it's a sight to behold.  the cheese is perfect pairing with some of their bread and sangria! Empanadillas de Carne (Spanish style turnovers stuffed with beef, green onions, olives, raisins, and herbs.) -  crispy on the outside and fall apart tender inside...love the empanadillas. Paella a la Valenciana (Classic saffron flavored Spanish rice with chicken and seafood) - this paella is a must have if you like chicken and seafood!  

                Great tapas.  Jamon Iberico. Have yet to try their paellas.  Super reasonably priced Spanish wines.  Excellent, sweet service.  It feels like a family-run place.  Go.  

                PERFECT for large groups. Came here for a 12 person dinner and we ordered a la carte. They were so speedy that we were out of there after 1.5 hours (this included about 6 carafes of sangria).  Super cheap, super delicious, definitely great for groups.  The potatoes Aioli were the best i've ever had . we literally ordered 6 bowls b/c the first 2 went in 10 seconds.  Great paella as well. Croquets were decent and so were the mussels. Overall no complaints from our group!!  

                I will at least give them three stars.. I do not want to hurt a small local business.. Food was just ok.. Service was good! Just not as good as other places I know in SF. Also very dark and a bit old and depressing to us...  

                We came here to celebrate a GF's birthday. I'd booked our reservations through open table. We came early and were seated right away. We asked for recommendations and were happy with the results! We ordered the calamari, mushrooms, potatoes, empanadas and two different types of paella. We ended up ordering more of the calamari and mushrooms!  My only issue is our original sever never came back to see how we were doing. I had to flag him down to order the extra dishes.  

                We've lived in the neighborhood for years but had never tried this place, so wanted to give it a shot. Service was outstanding- our waitress was helpful, attentive, and very sweet. Wish I could be as enthusiastic about the food. Everything was good, but nothing was great and nothing blew us away. The paella with chorizo & seafood was solid (but not amazing). Crab cake was very good. Manchego flambé was a little disappointing- the cheese and brandy flavors didn't really work together. Spinach was very good. Sangria was too sweet.  Have to say I'm perplexed by all the reviews commenting on the ambiance. Lighting is romantic but the decor needs an update- starting with the chair covers & carpet.  

                Great place for Valentine's Day. The lighting was dimmed but not dark and the interior is cute with strung lights everywhere.  They also had a great Valentine's Day menu, only $40 per person (other restaurants I was looking at were $75 per person and the only difference was a glass of champagne). We were able to get 6 dishes (3 each), a starter salad each, and a dessert each. We enjoyed everything, except the rabbit I guess, which still tasted good but had a lot of bones so was very hard to eat (but I've heard that is just how rabbit is). The lobster dish was AMAZING.  For dessert I had the flan and loved every delicious bite. Would definitely come here again!  

                What a cute place!  I went with 3 friends and we all LOVED everything we ordered.  Even the bread and olive oil were delicious.  And the desserts were amazing... even the coffee was exceptional.  Seriously, you can't go wrong with the food here.  The service was really nice and the prices reasonable.  Note, this is an older restaurant so it has that kind of charm.  It's a great place to bring anyone over 35.  I can't wait to take my dad and enjoy that delicious food again!  

                What a great place!! We are coming back for  sure! Everything we ordered was great. My favorite was the octopus and the paella. The owner stop by the table to greeted us. Such a friendly place! Perfect for a date. I'm looking forward to my next trip to SF just to come back to this restaurant!  

                Food recs:  Tortilla de chorizo, Patatas fritas  Cost:  Takes credit, slightly more expensive than what I think the food should be worth.  Service:  Friendly, timely, relaxed but classy environment  Overall:  Most dishes had a lot of olive oil which made them taste similar to each other.  Would come back to try the Jamon Iberico, but nothing else.  Only recommend ordering from the tapas menu.  A more accurate rating of this restaurant would be 3.5 stars.  

                Came here for my birthday dinner with girl friends and enjoyed all of the dishes! The Sangria was delicious as well. :)  

                Went last night with my husband and 2 Cuban friends to Alegrias, Lombard St., SF. I am Dominican and my husband American and I wanted some good Spanish food. The restaurant was nicely decorated and busy all evening. Owners are Argentinian so it would have been nice to have Churrasco on the menu. Service was very friendly, and although they forgot one of my tapas, they made it up by bringing us a free dessert. We ordered sangria and white wine. The sangria was nice and light. Our friends ordered tortillas with chorizo which they found dry and not to their liking.  Some of us ordered the meat empanadas, which were delicious. My husband ordered the olives and the garlic shrimp, and a plate of sausages similar to chorizo with some vegetables, all of which were very good. My ham croquettes (croquetas with jamon iberico and shrimp)  were the forgotten item, but when they came, they were very good. The bill came to $80 for 4 people, including the wine, which we found extremely reasonable. The free dessert was bread pudding, beautifully presented, and all agreed it was delicious. We drove from Concord and we wouldn't take the long drive again.This is a restaurant that I would visit again if I were walking around in San Francisco. Next time, we'd try the paella, but last night the tapas made us too full.  

                Since my last review, I've eaten dinner here on several occasions, the last of which was December 22.  The paellas never disappoint - we had the Paella Valenciana con Chorizo and the Arroz Negros.  This is one of only two Spanish restaurants in SF that serve Arroz Negros.  Alegrias paellas are the best because they include soccorat - the crackling rice that sticks to the bottom of the pan - yummy!  The sangrias are good, sometimes a bit too sweet so we also had a bottle of Tempranillo wine.    For dessert we had Crema Catalunya - aka cream brulee.  The crystallized top was nice and hard over the deliciously rich cream.  This is my go-to Spanish restaurant when I need a paella fix!  However, I took one star off for not having a greater variety of tapas.  I miss albondigas and grilled squid - two of my favorite tapas when I visited Spain.  

                This is a nice, almost homely place. Our server was extremely friendly and took his time explaining the house specials to us. The crab cakes with the creamy jalapeno sauce were great. We had the vegetarian Spanish style turnovers with the leftover jalapeno sauce from the crab cakes, which was a pretty good combination. We also tried their house special of the baked codfish tapas, which seafood lovers will like. I'm generally a fan of paella, and the seafood paella here was good. It was loaded with seafood. Personally, I would have preferred it a little less loaded with seafood and more rice, but I'm not complaining much.  

                My homie and I wanted to eat some tapas and we were in the Marina so we Yelp!ed Alegrias.   We ordered the paella, the patatas, the pimientos stuffed with lamb, and the gambas as tapas.  None of the tapas were anything to right home about. The paella was definitely the best thing and if you are looking for good paella I would come here for sure, but none of the other dishes would really bring me back.  We also ordered the sangria which was pretty good, but really sweet.  The ambiance was very romantic, dim lighting, not very lively at all, kinda stuffy. I smoked weed right before so the mood was definitely a buzzkill. And the table size was REALLY SMALL like we had to eat things fast just to make room for the next dish.   Overall, not bad but there are definitely better places to nomz in the marina.  

                When I walked it, the first thing I thought was.. "Damn this is such a romantic atmosphere. I would want my wedding reception like this" hahaha!  White and brick walls filled with paintings, ceramic plate displays, tile art, and white Christmas lights! Fluffy white cloth draped from the ceiling giving it that "tent" feel.   This food was okay.  It wasn't anything too special compared to the other tapa's I've had.   I had high expectations for their paella, but it was a disappointment. The rice was too mushy for my liking. However, their prawns with garlic chunks were tasty.  The sangria was lacking flavor; it tasted watered down for me.  

                Nice people, warm setting, good menu, great service, excellent food!  We're going to Spain soon and are on a quest to get familiar with tapas and paella. This is our second Spanish meal in two weeks and tonights was far superior to last weeks.   With only the two of us, we were limited to two tapas, one paella and one dessert.   Empanadillas Carne - 5 - very flavorful filling with a light pastry.  Pimientos Piquillo (special tapa of the day) - 5 - well seasoned lamb and veg filling.  Paella Valenciana with Chorizo - 4 - excellent clams, mussels, prawns. Needed "bark". Next time we'll know to ask for it and they cook it a little longer on the stove.  Panqueque Manzanas - 4 - non-traditional dessert of apple crepe flambéed with rum and served with vanilla ice cream.  We also had a glass of Sangria (4), Ice Tea, Café con Leche and a Cortado.   We'll be back soon to try more tapas!  

                Well after choosing on many restaurants I went to Alegrias. I made a reservation for 8 people in open table.  Open table just allow me to do 6 people but I called and they modified my reservation right away. The ambience is nice and quiet. The music was nice but too quite for what I was looking. The tapas were too small and the paella is almost personal size!!! However I have to say the food is delicious, the sangria not too good. Service is good. I am putting 3 starts because I was expecting too much after reading all the reviews. It is a good place but not excellent.  

                I ordered the vegetable paella and my boyfriend ordered the tortilla.  He LOVED the tortilla. However, the paella was just ok. Maybe if they added fake meat and seafood and used fake beef broth it would have a more memorable flavor. The vegetables alone aren't worth the $20!  

                I recently returned from Cambodia where I bought some cheap saffron at the Night Market Angkor Wat...I was inspired to try and make Paella. Armed with my saffron I went to the 99Ranch and picked up some chicken thighs, squid, clams, shrimp, peppers and chorizo from next door at las Montoyas. I also watched a Martha cooks episode and she said to disperse or mix in the saffron with cognac and a dash of coarse salt.  The Martha recepie left the thighs whole and she added string beans and peas...this however did not appear correct having searched for the perfect paella while in Barcelona. My friend added artichoke hearts as his secret ingredient and I added green olives. My pan was pretty tasty and achieved the desired socarrat when finished off on the stovetop...my saffron tasted woody.   My friend finished his pan in the oven where the clams opened up perfectly. Bottom line... Try the paella here...I liked it and they had a seperate seafood or a meat paella.  

                I found Alegrias while finding a place for my boyfriend's dinner with his parents this past Sunday. We discussed having tapas because we haven't tapas in awhile. My MIL even looked up the restaurant after we texted her the information. All of us were excited to be first-timers at this restaurant.   The restaurant is a great size for a SF restaurant. Dimly lit and wonderfully decorated, we arrived 10 minutes before our reservations. I had read the menu ahead of time, but again, it was hard to really choose what to eat. In the end we ordered to share for dinner:  Aceitunas Alinadas (x2) - Assorted marinated olives: From small to large olives we had to have two orders because they were not only meaty they were juicy and their taste was not too bitter, mostly sweet.  Jamon Iberico - Cured Spanish ham: Went great with the olives, the ham was not salty at all but kept you close to your prosciutto flavor.  Cazuela de Queso - Oven cooked goat cheese over red sauce: Goat cheese over what tasted like tomato bisque. This was an eye catcher when I looked over the menu. The cheese was not at all overwhelming and the red sauce was so creamy along with the cheese that I was in pure heaven with this dish.  Pulpo a la Gallega - Octopus over potato. One of  the specials of the evening. The entire table agreed that this was a brave choice by my boyfriend because it was not fried, but the taste and texture was indeed different. It was not bad at all, but neither was it the most favorite of our dishes.   Empanadilas Carne - Spanish turnovers with beef, onions, raisins and herbs: Savory to the point you didn't even taste the pastry, but it was there complementing the flavors of this dish. My FIL and I both had the same expression, we were in foodie heaven.   Empanadas de Bonit - Spanish turnovers with tuna: Another special of the evening and a running contender against its beef companion, we kept on with our curiosity and ordered this dish. Not at all fishy, but this time I got more the flavors from the pastry puff, but the tuna was not dry and it was served just right for being a turnover.   Paella Valenciana - Chicken and Seafood over flavored Spanish rice: Again my FIL and I were overthrown in foodie heaven. As all of the dishes we had were overloading our palates, this dish was a combination that brought all sorts of flavors to our senses. Lucky for us we could all have second helpings of this dish.    For dessert we each ordered the Crema Catalana , the Spanish version of creme brulee. The citrus flavors from the crust and custard gave us all goosebumps all over. I savored each bite, while my boyfriend and FIL ate it all up. And for wine we enjoyed two bottles of their Carchelo Blend (Syrah blend) complimenting all of the dishes the smooth aftertaste of the wine was both great on the nose and tongue.   And their prices were very, very reasonable for the quality and quantity of the food they served. We paid under $200 (before tip) for the all of the above for a four top. We were all completely satisfied and I was so glad that I found Alegrias. We will be back soon on our next trip to the Marina neighborhood. Definitely a great birthday and/or date restaurant recommendation. Can't wait for our future visits.  

                Had a nice little roommate dinner here. It's pretty fancy looking considering the price. Highly recommend for a date. The food was pretty good, it was a little while back so can't remember specifics.  

                This place had a pretty old school feel to it. Nothing too chic or modern. Very quiet place. Taking a date here would be ideal so you can actually have a conversation and hear what they are talking about and not pretending you heard what they said by just nodding your head saying "uh huh", "that's cool" type of responses. Not that I always do that anything. :)   Anyway, the food was pretty decent. If you are going to go here I think the best thing to order would be their paellas. I also had the calamari which was just like any other place. One dish that I tried that stood out was the Cazuela de Queso de Cabra: Oven cooked goat cheese on a bed of red sauce. That was pretty good when dipping your bread in it. Be careful though as it's piping hot! I burned my tongue eating it. Not sure if I would come back but it was worth a try.  

                I give them 3.5 stars. The octopus on top of potato was really tender and good. The tiny fried potato hash dish was really tasty. I just couldn't give them a 5 for the watery sangria and the Paella was a bit mushy. Service was excellent!  

                Little pricey for what it is but if you are craving some real Spanish food this is the spot.  

                I've been to Alegria's four times already and I just LOVE their tapas!!! I also love their sangria!  I've been to another place in the Mission and Alegria's is far superior as to quality and flavors!  I think they have the BEST bread pudding ever!!! I've ordered it every time and it's been delicious!!!!!  I'm planning to go two more times to take my two friends out for their birthdays and I can't wait to go back!!!!!  

                This was the only Spanish restaurant in the city that wasn't full on a Friday night (bad sign) and when we walked in at 7pm on a Friday, we were one of only three tables in the place (another bad sign). The other two tables were, respectively, a group of Japanese tourists taking pictures of all the schwag on the walls, and an older couple from out of town (yet another bad sign: tourist restaurant). More people did eventually come in...let's just say the place seems to appeal to the gray hair crowd.  The staff is authentically Spanish, which was positive, but the food was just off. The menu only has a handful of tapas, and their specialty is paella. So we ordered a few tapas and one of the paella dishes. The menu says it takes 30 minutes for the paella, so they obviously cook it from scratch. That said, when it showed up, it was generally pretty dry and a bit short on veggies and spices. And yes, I've been to Spain, including Valencia, and have had "real" paella before. This one fell short. The tapas were OK but generally unremarkable.  And the decor seems to be circa 1987 - I don't think the place has been renovated since it opened. Generally speaking, it was an OK experience, but not among the best Spanish places in SF and not worthy of a repeat IMO despite the excellent service. In summary, I think this place needs an extensive renovation/remodeling, including the decor as well as the menu and recipe list.  

                I was very happy with this tapas joint in the city. The food came out hot and fast and tasted as authentic as the food my spanish boyfriends mom makes.   A pitcher of sangria with a couple of tapas was the perfect light meal.  

                A very romantic place for date night! Really good Sangria and the crab cakes were devine!!!  

                Delicious food! It reminded me of my trip to Spain. The chef was so nice and came out and talked to us about food, Spain, travel and so much more! I am certainly going back again.  

                My friend recommended this restaurant for our friends visiting from China. Came in on friday night, not packed yet at 6pm, tried all the tapas suggested by the waiter as well as from Yelp. All tastes great! The staff were helpful and friendly as well. I will be back again for sure  

                I was just there this Saturday w my sister and my Partner.  Oh food was delicious and gret sangria u must have it. Paella uhummmmmso good. Nice Chef /owner  from Argentina  Yay !!! we got to speak w him bc he came over to our table we had a fantastic time.  

                Overall experience was great! Promptly seated (with reservation), waiters were so friendly and food was incredible. Best paella I've tried by far. I also recommend the crab cakes, ahh to die for!!  

                I love Tapas. I mean, who doesn't.  I also love Sangria. Again, who doesn't.  This place is really just so-so. It looks cute and has a lot of potential, but I've definitely had a lot better tapas in the city. I feel like most tapas here lack some flavor.  Sangria is a little too sweet for my liking.   Wish the tapas had more flavor and I'd definitely be back. Unfortunately now I much rather would go elsewhere in the city. Hmm...Picaro or Chachachas... Yum!  

                Great place! Excellent food and the owners are lovely. The empanadas are awesome... What else an Argentinian could ask for?!?  

                My party of 7 came here for dinner.  They do take reservations, it wasn't busy that Friday night we went.  We had our table in the back close to the kitchen.    We pretty much ordered every single tapas off their menus.  It comes in small portion, perfect for 2.  It seems like they are all about garlic and spices which made every single dish a winner.  Try them all the frog, the lamb wrapped in red bell pepper, the mussels were extra succulent, the ham, marinated olives, the shrimp, the calamari, the potatoes - they were all good, must try dishes.  We had the sausage and sea food paellas and their lamb specials as entrees - we kept digging and everything one.  Sangria is smooth and mild.  Yes, I'd recommend it.  Service was fantastic but became touch and go towards the end.  We were enjoying each other's company and was staying longer than anticipated maybe, but it wasn't busy.  I had requested for water twice and was ignored.  Is it because we already paid our $350 bill?  I'd think we deserve good treatment all the way.  Whatever the reason was for a less than perfect at then end, still is not an excuse.  We all had a grand time and food was great.  I'd go back...  

                Been here several times now and I think it's safe to say that I love it. I've done dinner with family, girls night out, casual lunch.. and its always deliver.   I love eating tapas style and able to munch around on all different kinds of food. In case you're from "middle of nowhere Ammurrica, " tapas is eating in small plates, appetizer-like. The food was great and they have a selection for those looking for veggies, sea food, some fried goodies and cheese. In all occasions we've order pitchers of sangrias and MY, OH MY... It was really good.  Do it!  The prices for tapas range from $6- $9, I've been there with a party of 5 and out bill came out to only $115 and we got to try about 7-10 plates and  paella. Speaking of paella, it's delicious but I've had inconsistencies. Sometime is really yummy and sometime it lacks something.   Customer service is good, I've had maybe an incident or two but minor things. Like the waiter forgot to bring out an order of tapas.. but for the most part they are good.  

                This place is awesome! I've been here several times as the food is great and I happen to live directly across the street!   I usually go with a few people and share tapas. The flaming cheese is one of my favorites but you have to eat it fast or it can get a little hard. The mussels are also a good choice. Last time I went there was an octopus and potato special which was great. It got extra points for me because it's hard to find octopus in the United States.   I went to Spain about a month ago and let me tell you, this place is the real deal!  

                II have been coming here for years.  It is quiet, the prices are very reasonable and in the early evening parking is easy. The service has gotten better since that rude (but very handsome) Spanish waiter is no longer there. Also a great place to bring your kids.  All the staff is very accommodating and kids love Paella.  

                This is bar-none my favorite tapas restaurant in the Bay Area. I try to eat here at least once every 2-3 months. Favorite dishes include the croquettas, the veggie paella, and a couple of off-menu items that the chef makes for the regulars. The cherry on top: it's family-owned and the staff is incredibly friendly and professional. I absolutely adore them.  

                The tapas and location are right. The ambiance and furnishings could use a refresh.  

                Loved Alegrias! High quality food and good wine. The environment is really beautiful and they pay attention to the details. I felt Europe flavors in SF!  

                Whatever you do don't leave without ordering the goat cheese appetizer.  

                Pretty good tapas. The frog legs were tasty, but were a little too fried, so they lost some of the frog flavor, IMO.  The paella was tasty, and the mussels were delicious.  

                The food was absolutely delicious.  Service was superb.   Very romantic too :)  

                Disappointed. Tasteless food  I was shocked by some of the previous reviews that describe how good the food is.  Their Paella is bad. That is if you know what the real deal tastes like.  We've been to a couple of spanish restaurants here in SF and this one really served the worst Paella of all  Here's how it all went down:  As far as the place goes, it really is overdue for some remodeling 1 out of 5 (I understand authenticity and this was not it)  Service - 2 out of 5 We felt rushed to order although the place was empty  Tapas - 2 out of 5 , spinach with raisins , Prawns with red sauce. Both were ok. Nothing to talk about  Paella with Chicken and Shrimp - 1 out of 5 (Tasteless overall) Paella is all about flavor and ours had none Chicken didn't taste good, tasted fatty and smelled funny. All Paellas I've had before used white meat rather than red meat.  Clams were definitely old and tasted like they came out of a can or something   The bill didn't fit the quality of food. Go elsewhere and spend that money on some good spanish food. You won't find it here  

                Really nice place with superb food. Great atmosphere. The seafood and chorizo paella was delicious, a perfect balance of seasons and spices.  

                Second time at Alegrias and will probably be back again. This time we got seated in the back room and it's definitely got a nicer ambience than the front room.  We had: Bocadillos de Cangrejo - Nothing special, we've had much better Empanadillas Vegetarianas - Fried and yummy Tortilla A La Espanola - This was my favourite Manchego Flambeado - This looked very plain after the flames died out but tasted great  Desert was a dulce le leche crepe which was rich and sweet, as it should be :) In all, a reliable place for a decent meal and a solid go-to when you don't feel like thinking too hard about where to go for dinner.  

                Didn't try much here but would say if you are a veggie, should give this place a try! It's amazingly delicious.  

                I wouldn't say this place has the most amazing tapas food, but over all the food is decent. There are many places out in the city which offer better tapas than this. Ambiance again is decent, service pretty good. The main entree portion wasn't really good size either. For $24, I would expect a  decent serving. Usually I have noticed that the servers are very friendly in the city, but here the servers did not give the extra friendly pish. They did a good job but again I am used to servers being really warm in San Francisco.  Over all pricing is on the higher end but guess that everywhere in SF. I would not go to this place again but only coz the food wasn't all that outstanding.  

                Great place! Came for dinner on a Friday night with no reservations and was lucky enough to score one of the few remaining tables. The restaurant certainly feels authentic- the decorative tiles make you feel like you're in a quaint tapas bar in Spain. Split a very affordable and very tasty bottle of Rioja, and enjoyed about a half dozen or so different tapas. Sad that they were out of jamon, but the delicious mushrooms, croquettes made up for it.  

                Really good mussels. Pretty good shrimp and vegetarian empanadas as well.  We had a bottle of Spanish wine, which was good, though they served it in cheap (thick) wine glasses. That may seem a petty gripe, but I find that a thick wine glass diminishes the experience. Overall, though, a nice, homey tapas spot.  

                Quaint and cozy devor with soft, romantic lighting.  The staff is very attentive and prompt with the service! the food, is truly hourmet and a marvel to see, taste and eat.   We started with the most delectable crab cakes and hot goat cheese coated in a marina sauce.  One of the specials was oxtail, yum!  It's a small portion, but very rich and savory.  The meat simply fell off the bone with little gouts of steam. If I wasn't sitting next to a child at the table next to me, I would have happily slurped the remaining juices in the plate. Don't want to set a bad example... Instead, I soaked it up with the table bread...!  We ordered the seafood and chicken paella to share and it was just chock full of mussels, glams, calamari, chicken...just wow.  It was such a lovely presentation and my mouth was salivating at the smell!  Our waiter served us our paella, taking great care in piling equal amounts of seafood and chicken with care rather than just dumping it on my plate.    Our wine glasses were never dry, bread was plentiful and water topped off immediately.  

                Based on Yelp, we expected outstanding food at a reasonable price.  We got the opposite.  The total was $140 for 4 people.  The food was ok.  The lamb and seafood paella were decent.  (I mistakenly identified the fish in the paella for scallops because it was so overcooked.)  Being from Pennsylvania  Dutch Country, I have a big soft spot for kitschy, mom-and-pop places.  This place is not that.  The interior smells like old people and must and needs a facelift.  A ventilator would be a good start.  The staff is friendly.  It's also quiet and intimate, good for a date.  

                Another dinner with my business partner that allows us to discuss our business a bit, try new restaurants and kvetch about one political or economic topic or another.   We enjoyed Alegrias having both benefiting from the privilege to sup on tapas many times in both Madrid, Barcelona and other Spanish cities.  The wait staff are also very attentive but not hovering to closely like some of the other restaurants in other review.  Alegrias offering is really quite outstanding and I now join the ranks of my many fellow Yelpers who unflinchingly recommend Alegroas to one and all.  

                The Good-The Tapas were pretty tasty  The Bad-The squid ink Paella was pretty lame and small for 21 bucks..a bunch of dark rice w/some tasteless calamari rings..obvious that the attention to detail was lacking.For a Spanish restaurant it should have been stellar......  The Ugly-Service was OK but I shouldnt have to ask to have plates cleared when Im spending 100 bucks for dinner!  

                Hidden gem in marina. Have eaten here many times. Great food, great service and should be a go to for a nice quiet Spanish meal. They are always super friendly and attentive. Definitely a must try!  

                The service was phenomenal at the restaurant...nothing to complain about there.  Being able to make a reservation via yelp was great...quick easy and I got reminders all day. The location is nice.. kind of a long journey on the bus from the sunset district but nevertheless we made it.  We came here for a friends birthday with a crowd of about 7...all college students. Maybe we should of done our research before coming because this was not an ideal place for us... the prices were outrageous for such small portions, and we felt hungry when we left even though we had spent about 15 dollars a person on 'tapas' (which I am aware are appetizers)  I have nothing bad to say about the restaurant other than it was our fault for choosing this place to host a birthday dinner for starving cheap college students.  

                We came to Alegria's to celebrate a friend's birthday. On a Thursday night, I was expecting it to be packed but it wasn't too busy. It's the perfect place for a date-night or a quiet dinner and last night there were a lot of couples there. We felt bad because we're a bit of a rowdy bunch when we all get together and we didn't want to ruin their dinner, haha.  Alegria's serves tapas style. We were served bread for starters and they had extra virgin olive oil for dipping. We ordered:  -Patatas Alioli; fried potatoes in an aioli sauce, really crispy and the sauce was delicious -Bocadillos de Cangrejo; crabcakes in a creamy jalapeno sauce, melt-in- your-mouth good! -Tortilla a La Espanola; potato and carmelized onion omelette, this was our favorite of the two omelettes, the sauce on top is awesome -Tortilla de Chorizo; potato, carmelized onion, and chorizo omelette -Manchego Flambeado; cheese flambe with brandy, great presentation and the cheese was really melty and creamy -Gambas al Ajillo; shrimp in a garlic and wine sauce, garlic and wine sauce was tasty and perfect for dipping with the bread  We all shared the tapas and our favorites were the patatas alioli, bocadillos de cangrejo, and the gambas al ajillo. We did like both of the omelettes but the tortilla de chorizo, while pretty good, was a bit of an overkill. The crabcakes were definitely one of the best I've had and I'd recommend ordering a couple plates because they only come in two's.   For dessert we shared the panqueques de manzana and some kind of cake with a raspberry sauce but I can't remember what it's called. The panqueques were sweet and you could really taste the rum and the apple.  Service was great! Our server was very knowledgeable, attentive and explained everything on the menu.   Alegria's is a great for sharing and trying different tapas. I definitely want to come back for a date-night!  

                I am from Spain and this is my favorite Spanish restaurant in SF!  Great food, romantic setting and wonderful staff. I highly recommend!  

                I am so in love with this place. I'm truly glad that my husband enjoyed the tapas here as well. My goal: To introduce him to the world through cuisine. And that, I accomplished here.   We were treated really well by the staff from beginning to end. There was not one time where we found ourselves needing them or try to get their attention. It was nice to have our orders arrive with perfect timing, one after another, soon as our plates were almost done.   We ordered four hot tapas: Patatas (potatoes with aioli), calamares with aioli, steamed mussels and the crab cakes. Every plate was absolutely deeelish. My favorite was the fried potatoes and the mussels. I know it sounds so simple but believe me when I say that the flavor was just perfect. The chef has magic hands.   My husband and I then shared a squid-ink paella entree. It was OMG good. I still cannot believe how much I loved the paella. I am definitely not a paella person, but because of this particular dish, I am now.   On to the desserts. Yay! I had the panqueque (I love saying it, "pon ke ke"). It was a heavenly caramel sauce rolled in a very thin crepe. I practically had a food-gasm when I took my first bite. Perfect with the cup of coffee I had.  From service to food to flavor, I am an absolute fan. I cannot wait to return!!!  

                Very nice ambiance - walls are covered with decorative plates and lighting is relaxing. Went here for my birthday dinner for 9 people. They have a great room in the back for large groups and smaller tables in the front. Sunday night was also not crowded, so we had very attentive service.  If you're in a large group, sample every hot tapas! We ordered 1-2 of almost every item on the menu and all were delicious. Standouts to me were the tortilla espanole with chorizo, mushrooms, asparagus with shaved manchego, marinated olives, and empanadillas (both carne and vegetarian). I made the mistake of ordering way too much paella. (One order feeds 2 sufficiently, and I ordered for 20 people! Plus each order is $22 so our paella came out to be over $100...). For me, the paella especialle had too much in it: seafood, chicken,and chorizo; I could have done with something simpler. Sangria was alright - a bit watered down for me, but always fun to share with people.   Definitely a crowd pleaser - everyone loved the food.  

                From what I experienced, food here was faithfully authentic in its preparation and the flavors are note-perfect Spanish traditional; people expecting desultory 20-something hipsters serving overpriced, preciously plated noveau Spanish fusion tapas would do well to go to the Mission--these dishes focus on the quality ingredients and seem to reflect a lot of care and desire to stick to tradition. They don't shy away from rabbit, snails and all the other delicious scary-to-the-average-american Iberian delights, either.  For me, the hallmark of a great Spanish restaurant is a perfectly cooked, tender paella that showcases tasty meat and shellfish and I'd say theirs is spot-on. The rotating list of homemade ice creams have been particularly enjoyable for me, and I'm not a particular fan of ice cream in general. I don't drink so unfortunately I can't speak to the wine or sangria, but their selection seems solid.  

                This is a great place to come for tapas and paella. Everything we had was delicious. My only complaint is that I wish we had more of it! I guess we should have asked prior to ordering how many items came per order. Example: the empanadas came with only 2 while the mussels had about 12. It really matters when you're dining with 4 people.   But on that note, the mussels were amazing. The broth they were in was way too good. I used my side of bread to soak it all up. Crab cakes were yummy but had only 2. The empanadas weren't memorable. Fairly standard.   The paella was amazing! I would go back and order just this for myself. We got the chorizo one (mmm chorizo).  Also the sangria was super sweet. My friends kept asking if there was alcohol in it :)  

                The ambiance of this place is unique.  They've got the white table cloths.  They've got a solid wine list.  They've got professional, attentive staff.  But then you notice the walls have funky Spanish art.  The back half of the restaurant has billowing rolls of fabric hanging from the ceiling (which seemed odd at first, but really work with this place).  The candles providing that dim, romantic ambiance are even fake!  But put together, it all just feels genuine.  It feels like a place you want to relax in, have some wine, and talk with family and friends.  And it feels like they MAKE you focus on the food and wine.  The food makes this place happen.  Between four people, we ordered: Gambas al ajillo - Wow.  Great stuff.  Tender, perfectly cooked.  And there's plenty of this AMAZING garlic/tomato sauce at the bottom to dip your bread in. Empanadillas de carne - Also incredible.  Kind of a sweet/savory beef inside of a crispy empanada. Tortilla de papa - Basic, but really good.  Comes with an aioli that makes it worth it. Asparagus - Standard.  Not oily.  Well-done. Calamari - Real solid.  Not oily or rubbery.  Paella a la Valenciana - The highlight.  Tons of shellfish.  Really good flavor.  No critiques at all.  I'm blanking on the dessert, but it had rum (lots of it) and they lit it on fire at the table.  It was really good, but I recommend letting the rum burn off slightly more than we did.  Pretty powerful otherwise...  Some restaurants just "feel right."  And this is one of those.  We'll be back.  

                Great ambience and service.   If you have kids, request to be seated in the back room.  Food is delicious, but I feel the paella is a bit salty. Try the squid ink paella! They only have red Sangria, but it's still good. Their red wine-by-the-glass is somewhat limited to 3 choices.   For a party of 5, we ordered 6-7 tapas and 2 paellas, which amounts to about $35-40/person including drinks, which isn't too bad. Their pulpo or octopus is seasonal, but I heard good things about it; may need to come back again. I just wish they would add a few more tapas items.  

                A low key gem in the Marina when you don't feel like going somewhere with a 'scene'.  It got busy later on - around 8. We had a table near the front. The decor is a bit dated but it's all part of the charm here. Of course we shared everything and it was more than enough food for the two of us. I ended up bringing half of the paella home.  What we ate:  Croquetas del dia - shrimp and ham. They were good! And not too breaded... Manchego Flambeado - cheese and brandy, what more could you want? Patatas Alioli - kind of like patatas bravas but the potatoes are chopped smaller. I'm not sure if there's supposed to be any other difference...I couldn't tell. Paella a la Valenciana - very authentic! I always forget how much I love paella and this is the first time I have had it in SF, this version actually compares to ones I had in Barcelona so major bonus points for me.  Everything we had was amazing. If you are looking for an authentic tapas place, this is it!  

                Made reservations to eat dinner here with Mr. Face for an early birthday dinner when I found out that paella is his favorite dish. It was between this and one other Spanish restaurant in the city... this won by default because they take reservations. I changed the reservations around a couple of times worrying about being late. It ended up not making any difference... the place was pretty empty for a Friday night at 7pm. It kinda worried me...  We were greeted upon walking in and asked if we wanted to sit in the front or back part of the dining room. We opted for the back and were seated by a group of 4 having a girls' night, which ended up being not too great for us because we couldn't have all that much of a conversation due to them talking a lot and quite loud. I can't really blame them, but it could have been prevented since most of the restaurant was empty.   The Face and I started with ordering the Paella a la Valenciana con Chorizo Español and a pitcher of red Sangria... figured it would be better than by the glass at $5.50. I'm not much of a drinker of anything, so I maybe had the equivalent of 1 glass (Sir Face kept pouring more in my glass even though I never even got halfway) while he had most of the rest.   After some time and bread, we also ordered the beef empanadillas and the patatas bravas. The empanadillas were delicious. The flavor was great and the barely crisp shell was made very well. One thing that can probably change, though, is that the center was just warm. The potatoes were good, but seemed to be missing just a little something... a tad more salt, maybe some more aioli... I was quite excited when the paella came out as I've never had it before. The server gave us clean plates and served the paella to us too. Even after all that... we still got more bread and I noticed that he went for a new plate for the bread as well. It wasn't necessary, but a nice touch. It was pretty good, but I don't care too much for mussels or clams... or calamari if it isn't fried. The chorizo was also a little on the dry side.  Overall, great meal (despite the girls we sat next to) and great service. Someone always stopped by to check on us throughout the meal. The best part? Because I mentioned that it was for his birthday, we got a comped dessert of the flan. I didn't even notice it until the server was right behind Mr. Face lighting the candle... haha. I wouldn't mind coming by again in the future.  

                I'm very surprised that this place has an average of 4 stars on Yelp. Everything we ate was mediocre at best. The ambiance is kind of cute, I guess. Go elsewhere.  

