                This has been my go-to deli for over a decade, and the only blemish on their record is when they closed their Cupertino store...but shortly thereafter I moved to Los Altos and that location was closer...problem solved.  They don't have the largest menu, but I feel that quality over quantity rings true in this case.  The sides are a welcomed addition, and I can personally say the potato salad, ravioli, and pasta salad, are all a must try at some point.  If you're lucky enough to catch fresh rolls, and fresh cookies coming out of the oven...you might just want to stop life, because you've won.  

                Amazing sandwiches.  A bit expensive but worth it every now and then (like sushi).  Their bread rolls are perfect. I recommend the los altos sub.  

                So if your wondering if you want a great sandwich alottas is the place to go. BUT they intentionally will charge you more if you aren't paying attention the last three times I have gone I have been overcharged every time. The owner even corrected my order so he could charge me more. I get the Los altos sub which is 8.95 with no avocado and mayo. They charge me a normal sub add 2$ for bacon to make it 9.95. They do this everytime. They do a great sandwich just know they are clearly hurting and will make money off you any way they can. Check your receipt!!! .  

                I used to love this place so it saddens me to leave this review. I called in at 3pm to try to order a sandwich to go, and after trying 3 times (it rang multiple times before going to voicemail) thinking they were busy, I drove down to brave the line. Closing time is 6pm, mind you.  I was the only customer in the restaurant, and ordered a Los Altos sub (turkey, avocado, bacon).  I asked for cheese, and discovered at home that there was no cheese on my sandwich. The turkey was so dry that it was basically unpalatable. It was so disappointingly small that I was very surprised.  My sandwich was about nine dollars. Having been to Alotta's in the past and having gotten this exact same sandwich before, I am disappointed in the change in standards. Next time I would make the extra drive to Ace of Sandwiches, Sandwich Spot, or Mr. Pickles.  

                Get the house roll!  

                the potato salad is fantastic.  Eat at the store!  

                I've been coming here for years and Alotta's never disappoints. Their fresh made bread is my favorite! The only downside is it is pretty expensive.  

                A friend suggested trying this sandwich shop, so I decided to make the trek out here.   I had one of their signature sandwiches, the Los Altos Sub.  This sandwich consists of turkey breast, avocado, bacon, and all the regular fixins.  They bake fresh ciabatta style bread which is a plus, but the bread was rather plain and boring.  Sandwich was okay, nothing great, probably a step up from quiznos, but inferior compared to Ike's.  Their sandwiches are made fresh, but my sub was a little dry and bland, especially the turkey.  Overall this is a decent sandwich stop if you are passing by and feeling a healthy fresh sandwich, but I wouldn't make the drive out here just to check this place out.  

                This place has the best sandwiches period.  Fresh ingredients, good service and affordable prices.  The place is clean and the owner Mike is always there, so you will always be a satisfied customer.  

                It seems like this place is definitely popular with the locals. It's located in a small strip mall with medium amounts of parking. Inside it was packed when we stopped in for a weekday lunch. Luckily most everyone was taking it to go since we were able to snag a seat for our group of 6. There's also some outdoor seating too so that helps. While there's an option to make your own sandwich with bread, meat, and cheese options, there's also specialty sandwiches. I didn't feel like thinking so I got the Los Altos sandwich ($9), which includes turkey, bacon and avocado. Let's be real, the avocado sold it for me, maybe the bacon too. You order at the counter, then pick up any drinks or chips you want and pay for everything when your sandwich is ready. The sandwich is a pretty good size. The bread tasted fresh. Lots of turkey. Bacon was a little too burnt/extra crispy for me. And the avocado was great - just wish there was more of it. I asked for it with everything but double check that you actually want everything so you're not wasting whatever you don't like. Overall really enjoyed my sandwich. Seems like they have a lot of interesting combos so I will be back. Also I knew I would be too full to try it but their chip selection is huge and unique. Not too familiar with the bay area so maybe these are the area's normal chips.  

                Went here for lunch with the co-workers. I had the hot pastrami sandwich. Sandwich was a fair price for a mom & pop shop sandwich store. From my what my co-workers said, the bread the day we ate was a little on the crunchier side. Normally it would be a bit softer. I agreed, the bread was not great that day. The sandwich isn't a crazy sandwich that you would get from other sandwich shops I've been to but is will do for being in that area.  Parking lot is small and is shared with other businesses during weekdays.   Must try? If you are in the area. Try again? only if I'm in the area.  

                Alotta's never disappoints.   The ordering system is different, you first give your name and give them your order at one register, then wait for your sandwich and pay at a different register.   I always order the Los Altos Sub and it comes with turkey, bacon, avocado, lettuce, and tomato.  The bread is always fresh, crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. It tastes like sourdough, but the texture is perfect for a sandwich. The turkey is also sliced fresh, the meat isn't like ordinary processed sandwich meat because the consistency actually resembles sliced turkey.   Give this place a try! Esp for the fresh rolls.  

                Alotta's deli offers some of the best fresh and natural sandwiches around. At first this place and the owner can seem intimidating, but once you bite into one of their sandwiches it will all be worth it. I always get the Mike's special on a freshly baked roll, and it rocks! Such an amazing sandwich. They bake their own rolls fresh, slice their own deli meat fresh, and chop their own fresh veggies. And once you go there a couple times the owner (and employees) will start to recognize you and be very friendly. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good fresh sandwich.  

                I've been coming here for about two years now. I was told about it from a general contractor who had been coming here for years and years. It's a mom and pop shop, and really reflects that cozy warm atmosphere.  The bread is really fresh, the meat is not overly generous, but it's probably the right amount for what I *should* be eating anyways. :-)  I'm a big fan of Joann's special. But the Los Altos sub special or Mike's special are quite tasty too.  It is a little on the pricey side for sure.  But, I like supporting the local businesses and the food is good.  Mike (and the others) always have a friendly greeting waiting for you.  And if you go regularly, they seem to actually remember you.  There isn't a lot of seating, but most people seem to come get the sandwiches, hot food, drinks, etc. to go anyways. I've never had a problem finding a seat.  

                I love Alotta's Los Altos Sub!  This place has a great Mom and Pop shop feel! The owners have great food and a lot of personality! Check out their witty signs; they always make me smile.   They also do a good job with their catering services. I ordered in advance and everything was ready on time with nice presentation and easy way to transport. The potato salad was a fan favorite with my coworkers and everyone asked where I'd gotten the food.  

                Ive lived in this area for a long time now. Not sure why i never visited this place till now. Wanting something quick and delicious i headed over for a quick bite. Having heard good things over the years, there were expectations. On first entering the place is pretty full for 1pm. Lots of families and high school kids. Ordered the Joanna's Special with a Weinhard's cherry soda.  Im going to have to agree with Brent H and Ken H on this one. The prices are high and the sandwiches are small. There are many places i know of these days that not only give you sandwiches you can barely finish for the same price but of higher quality. If id been eating here for years like the others, im sure the disappointment would be great. Perhaps its good to come in with a view of now without the nostalgia. Sandwich was decent but not worth seeking out  

                Came here for a quick work lunch. Not bad. I had the turkey + proscuitto + banana peppers on homebaked sourdough. Sammich was delicious, the bread was amazingly fresh, crunch, and chewy. Really top notch. Turkey and Proscuitto, all solid offerings. Liked the veggie toppings. Had a "side order" of potato salad. A bit heavy on the mayo side.  Only downside, I paid $16 for a sandwich, side of potato salad, and a soda. Whoa....  

                My favorite sandwich place in Silicon Valley. The best baked 2x daily Bread rolls are the best. The house special "Los Altos" is my favorite. Turkey, bacon, and avocado is always a great sandwich. Once long ago I was told their fresh bread comes out at 11am and 1pm.  

                This review is way overdue.....  BEST sandwiches around the area, the los altos is my favorite!!  I eat here once a week always and everything I have ever tried is delicious!  P.S Alottas, please take American Express one day, I would love to do catering orders but cannot since you don't accept that form of payment :(  

                Came here because someone told me that the sandwiches were good, so I bought 2 house special sandwiches to eat at a concert and they were pricey. They were okay, but not to the level that would make me come back. This place did not come close to my hopes & expectations.  To be honest, I am originally from the East Coast which seems to have exceptional sandwiches wherever I land. It seems that I will never find a local sandwich place that I want to go back to. Sigh.  

                Came to this place during lunch, got a turkey sandwich for 8 bucks. The Sandwich Had More peppercinis than meat, almost no meat, I got the small end of a tomato on one sandwich and a regular on the other. My Co worked ordered 2 meat balls and when his order was ready, they made him 2 meatball sandwiches and he corrected them and said 2 meatball sides,  the manager with the tattoos got mad about it and said well now I gotta throw these away...The name is called Alotta's because you're going to be paying Alotta money. Not my cup of tea. I won't discredit the bread though, best part of the sandwich!  

                I've been coming here for sandwiches the last two months before going to work They make their own rolls and have a selection of daily hot food and salads They do get a little crowded around lunchtime on some days It's a great neighborhood deli  

                Alotta's is awesome!  Mike has a great shop and we eat here at least once a week.  North Beach sandwich rocks, and the ravioli and salads are terrific.  

                Really tasty house made food, but the two sandwiches I got seemed light on the meat portion, I would expect twice as much as they put anywhere else. I guess it's quality over quantity here. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  

                Great quality subs, but service can be slow at times. A little on the more expensive side, but worth it since it's locally owned.  

                Best sandwiches around. I have been coming here forever. I remember when Mike and Joanne bought it from the Alotta family. They have kept the quality and they remember your name. If you want to support a great family business with excellent quality food, I highly recommend Alotta's!  

                Alotta's catered another lunch for work today, but this time they did "build your own sandwiches". The slices of bread were definitely on the small side, but the deli meat was really fresh. The turkey was the favorite, since it tasted homemade. The roast beef could've used a little more seasoning. I wish they cooked the potatoes in the potato salad more since they were on the hard side, and added a little more salt. It also still had too much mayo in my opinion. The other salad was the roasted corn and tomato salad, and that was delicious. Overall, still positives and negatives to Alotta's, but stick to their good items and you'll have a great meal.  

                The Mr. and I ordered the North Beach Special sandwich to take with us to share on a hike.  For nearly $9, the sandwich was quite small.  It was good enough for our lunch on the trail, but I could definitely just have a whole one and wouldn't be overstuffed like most sandwiches out there.  I suppose priciness is definitely the theme in an affluent city like Los Altos.  I'll admit, the North Beach Special was pretty darn tasty, though.  I'm a fan of pepperoncinis in sandwiches.  

                This place is a cut above the rest. Quality ingredients, clever combinations, reasonable prices, friendly and competent service. You can't ask for more. We got sandwiches to take on a hike in the redwoods and wow were they great in that setting after a long walk!  

                I ordered the hot pastrami- it was a decent size, the house bread was very good, and the meat was tasty but not plentiful.   The place is definitely pricey - $12 minimum for a sandwich, chips, and drink (no fountain drinks btw)  Nice lunch spot overall but it does not make my Mount Rushmore of deli's...  

                While many of my colleagues rave about the place, I am NOT a fan of Alottas.  The service is slow, rude, and unacommodating to special requests.  The owner reminds me of the Seinfeld soup nazi.  Don't piss him off by asking for anything that's not already on the menu.  Don't ask whether the bread is fresh or made without eggs.  Don't ask for a sandwich without bread (made into a salad).  Just don't ask for anything special, and order quickly if you don't want to get yelled at.  Actually, just don't order at all.  You'll get a better (and cheaper) sandwich at your local grocery store.  

                I've been going to this place for at least 25 years . Boy, have things changed and it's disappointing. They have a new interior and eating area which is nice enough. It's clean and it had air conditioning. The sandwiches are made with fresh baked bread and the ingredients are fresh. However, the size of the sandwich and the contents inside are lacking for the $8.50 I paid. Sorry but I'll be going to subway up the street  when I'm hungry. The other reviews saying essentially the same thing are spot on.  

                Popped in here for a sandwich today.  They have lots of options that sound great.  Wasn't too hungry, so ended up splitting a tri-tip sandwich with my friend.  It was good.  I'd like to go back and get one of their non-BBQ specials, as I think those might be better.  

                Alotta's is run by a super friendly guy and has one of the best tasting sandwiches in the San Jose area. Any of the pre-designed sandwiches on the board are fantastic.   Be prepared to order in a strange manner though. Name, Order, Amendments, Pay when order is read. This is how it goes with no changes.  

                Sandwiches are overrated and have deteriorated over the years. They bake their own bread and when its busy during lunch they take the bread out of the oven too soon so you get a half baked sandwich roll. It's gross. I've been coming here for 20 years because I live across the street, but they have finally lost my business forever. One too many bad experiences. Mike, the owner, is very rude and very mean to his employees. Go to Los Altos Deli or The Sandwich Spot.  

                This place has one of the best vegetarian subs in the bay area and I've tried quite a few delis!  Mike and the rest of his crew are a great set of people who care about there customer and while it is a bit pricey, the freshness of the bread and produce in the sandwich really do make it worthwhile.  So if you're looking for a great veggie sandwich, this is the place to get it.  

                Alotta's is a great place to stop by if you're in need of a decently priced sandwich, but it's not somewhere I would go out of my way for.  I got a chicken salad sandwich (wish they had half soup/salad, half sandwich combos).  Chicken salad was pretty standard-- a little short on complementary ingredients, but tasty nonetheless.  The roll was superb-- not too hard, but still firm.  I hate that feeling when bread scrapes against the top of your mouth, but it was perfect at Alotta's.  I'm a little bummed that they didn't inform that cucumbers would cost 50 cents extra.  Not sure I understand that rationale.  All in all, it was an OK meal.  

                Other than the dozen teenagers that came in and overwhelmed the place with noise and general disregard for everyone else, the place was awesome.  Great sandwich. Good prices and cool employees.  I will be back, probably to take it to go though!  

                Great sandwiches and active members of the community. This is the kind of place you  go to when you get back from a trip because it is a craving.  

                The name of this restaurant remindes me of the Austin Powers character Allta Fagina. This place serves excellent food. Everything is good, from the sandwiches to the side dishes. Check it out.  

                Solid lunch choice.  I haven't been here in years and I was happy to see they did some work on the place.  The sandwiches are just as good as ever--very fresh ingredients and high quality meats.  I love the french rolls they use.  Perfect mix of soft and crusty.  I had the turkey with cranberry sauce (tasted homemade), and was very happy.  The prices seem high, but maybe I'm just out of touch with how much things cost in that area now.  I will definitely come back here.  

                The food was delicious. I got the chicken salad sandwich on a fresh roll with cheese and avocado. They were generous with the avocado portion. The bread was still warm and the chicken salad was incredibly tasty. I also got a small homemade chocolate chop cookie. The cookie was incredibly fresh. The chips were still GOOEY!!!!  I'm definitely going back.  

                Their homemade bread is amazing.    However, their sandwiches have been getting smaller and smaller--they used to be stuffed from top to bottom.  They're still really good, but just not as delicious as they used to be.    Overall:  I'm giving them 5 stars because this used to be my favorite restaurant during high school, and the owner is always so nice and friendly.  However, they're sandwiches are probably more of a 4-star, unfortunately.  

                I have Alotta nice things to say about this place. *nudge nudge wink wink*  The bread is to die for and the the sandwiches are well-proportioned. I hate biting into a sandwich and barely detecting the meat, feeling like I'm just munching on a roll of bread. I also hate sinking my teeth into what feels like a pound of shredded cold cuts clothed in a thin coat of dough. Alotta's is guilty of neither charge. Everything is jusssst right. Goldilocks would approve.  

                it's a nice deli, few tables outside, clean interior and good sandwich, salad  selections however it was nothing outstanding and didnt leave me craving to come back anytime soon. if i am in the area and looking for a good lunch spot ill be back but i won't go out of my way for a meal here.   i had the mortadella and 3 bean salad.  

                Yay!  I like the place.  Great sandwich.  Fresh cold cuts (can you say that?).  Friendly service.  Lots of Los Altos High School teens come here.  Get the God Father.  

                Some of the best sandwiches ever. The Los Altos sub and the meatball Parmesan are my favorites.  

                Great sandwich spot located in Los Altos. The sandwiches are all pretty fresh and their side pastas are good as well. The price is a little overpriced considering the size of the sandwich vs the cost but overall it is tasty and a good place to stop by if you are in the area and are craving a sandwich.  

                I LOVE THIS PLACE. MY FAVORITE DELI!  I usually order The North Beach on a roll, it has turkey and proscuitto, cheese, banana peppers, lettuce, tomato, and onions. I love this place because the rolls are baked in house, and the turkey breast are cooked in house and sliced. That thin outer layer on the roll is crispy, and the inside of the bread is fluffy, its perfect. The taste resembles sour dough. The turkey meat is actually sliced from a turkey breast. You notice it when it crumbles. They don't drench the meats with sauces. Alll the flavor comes from the meat/ cheese/ veggies.   I usually order the cucumber and tomato salad too. The salad has little bits of red onions and celery. It is lightly flavored with some sort of vinegar, parsley/ cilantro.   Overall, the food is fresh and their combinations are delicious. I would come here every week if i could. I highly recommend trying it out.  

                The mixed meat sandwich is my absolute fav! They make their own bread here too... Best sandwich place around!  

                I have been getting great sandwiches from Mike and the gang for years.  Today I overheard someone say, "Wow, glad we tired this place even though it's 3.5 on Yelp."  I thought that was nuts, and realized I needed to do something about it!  Everything is always really fresh (the rolls are baked in house), meat is cut just before use, etc.  Top notch sandwich place!  

                Had a yummy veggie and cheese sandwich on pretty good swirled rye bread. Not the best sandwich I've ever had in my life, but come here for a good, classic deli, nothing fancy but very good. The reviews that say the sandwiches are too small are crazy, I call obese America and our warped sense of portion size. Not that I'm calling any of you obese, but...I'm just going to stop typing now.  

                I have been going to Alotta's for 14 years and their sandwiches get smaller and smaller while their prices only go higher.  I went there yesterday and a Los Altos Sub was $8.50 before tax!!!  I ate my tiny sandwich, and although it tasted great, it disappeared in less than 5 minutes.    There are so many other delis in the Bay Area that will actually give you your money's worth. Delis that stack their sandwich meats high and keep you full for an entire meal.  It's sad really.  I have been getting more and more disappointed with Alotta's as the years have gone by.  Paying $9 for a sandwich only to still be hungry is pretty frustrating.  This neighborhood deli just lost a customer due to overpricing and undervaluing their product.  Sincerely,  Dissapointed  PS.  Alottas, stop playing Food Network on your TV.  The last thing I want to do while eating is watch someone bake a fruit tart.  just put on ESPN and make everyone happy.  

                Not living at home any more means that I can no longer get my favorite sandwich whenever I want. For the past 6years this has been so bitter sweet....but it does make the trips home that much more delicious because it is a guaranteed trip to my favorite Deli!  I have tried so many different deli's and none of them compare (seriously I have tried sandwiches from local deli's, from chain restaurants, in california, in other states, in other countries) But none/zip/nada are as good as the sandwiches Alotta's creates!  My personal favorite is the Mikes Special: no mayo, dijon mustard, and ohhhh the fresh baked bread is the icing on the cake! YUMM YUMM YUMM!  

                Wow,  I grew up a mile from here and often battled their little league team in the Cupertino league.  Stopped in after visiting my parents for a great hometown deli sandwich.  Unfortunately the wait person missed three things I asked for, the sandwich tasted like supermarket bread, it was so small my dog would have downed it in one bite.  The lettuce was wilted, the tomatoes (all 4 slices of a cherry tomato ) were good if I could have tasted the micro size.  Then the kicker, $9 for a sandwich that I could make better at home for about $1.80.  I am sure that the hard ass that I remember behind the counter is rolling over in his grave - this is one of those places that deserves to fail - call Gordon Ramsey and get your act together.  Pitiful...  The place looks sharp when you walk in, but when you walk out you will feel like you got stung!   Oh, and to the pics at the bottom for additional tips on this business - here is my tip, spend less money and effort on a cool menu board - more money and effort on actually creating a sandwich that will make this deli the envy of those in the business - now you are nowhere even close...sad.  

                I am a long time customer but truly disappointed on last visit with what seems to be low quality meats and smaller-than-usual overall size. I go there for good quality and great taste. If the quality is the same as the "chains" then there is no reason for the extra price.  

                Service was quick and the portions were huge.  The bread was really good, the rest of my sandwich (Los Altos Club) was just OK.  There was way too much mayo & dressing on it, it was already a bit soggy when I started eating it about 20 minutes after ordering.  I ordered a Cobb salad to go along with my sandwich.  The ingredients did not taste very fresh, and the dressing was not good.  Nothing worse than cheap, generic Ranch.  I'd probably go back again but there are much better places to grab lunch in this area.  

                By now, I've probably passed by this place hundreds of times, yet I came here for the first time just a couple weeks ago.  Shame on me.  I've been missing out!  I got Mike's Special (turkey, roast beef, and swiss cheese).  The sandwich was really tasty and had lots of fresh ingredients.  I highly recommend trying your sandwich on their freshly baked sourdough roll.  Some of the sandwiches can get a little pricey (up to $7.45), but the freshness of the bread and quality of the ingredients makes it worth it.  They're also pretty large.  The shop is cute and clean.  There's a few tables and a couple TVs.  I'll definitely be back to give other sandwiches a try!  

                The owner and the bread keep me coming back.  Everything else is just alright.  The Los Altos Club and North Beach are my usual go-to.  All their meat is REAL, not that slimy stuff they try to pass off as turkey at Subway.   Order and then pick out anything else (chips, drink etc) you want and they'll call you when your sandwich is ready.  No matter how many times I come here I always give my money to the guy taking my order and he has to remind me of the above.  Very busy during lunch, not a lot of parking and on the pricier side.  

                Good location from my work and my home. Had one of their specials which was a BBQ Beef Brisket. Ordering was easy, asked me the details on what I wanted on the sandwich, which is great. Sandwich took about 5 minutes to make and deliver, and the sandwich it self was very tasty and fresh.  Only reason I don't give this 4/5 stars is because (what I can only assume is) the manager was a dick to his employees for not asking whether or not the customer in front of me wanted cheese or not on the sandwich. The customer didn't want cheese and they put it on one of the sandwiches she ordered. He did not handle it tactfully and caused a scene in front of other customers, and made it a much bigger deal than it needed to be. The customer didn't even really care that much. It's just a sandwich.  This is unprofessional and if you treat your employees like garbage they will cause more problems for you later on and you need to treat them with respect. This bothered me a lot and his demeanor was generally a cocky prick. After his little temper tantrum, he processed my order, didn't tell me the total, and just put his hand out for me to give him the money.   I don't care if your a manager or the owner, don't be a dick to your employees or your customers. It just takes one bad seed to lose you a lot of business. Period.  - 2 stars for the dickhead manager/owner.  This was at noon on Friday 1/20 if you are trying to identify the person. I didn't catch his name.  

                My friend brought me here boasting that it was the best sandwich she had ever had.  And for over $8 for a turkey sandwich with avocado and swiss, I thought that it had better be.  Luckily, the sandwich was absolutely delicious.  The turkey was thin and moist (just the way I like it) and was perfectly paired with fresh avocado, thinly sliced swiss cheese, juicy tomatoes, and crispy lettuce.  The best part was the fresh baked sour french roll, which was crispy on the outside yet soft and chewy on the inside.  I could not stop eating my sandwich because it was so tasty and ended up stuffed, bloated, but happy.  Overall, a delicious sandwich but a little too pricey for me.  You can get sandwiches without avocado and cheese for a bit less, so if you don't need those things on your sandwich, this place can be both affordable and delicious.  I highly recommend this gem of a deli in Los Altos!  

                Back in my Homestead High School years, this is a place all the students revered.  I went back with a friend after their remodel and I must say that the remodeling they did is nice.  Albeit after having sandwiches from many different places, I have to say that Alotta's is a-okay.  Their sourdough bread is still great, but the prices they charge for their portions are a bit on the heavy side.  I understand it's Los Altos and Los Altoeans will fork up the money, but still.  However, you can't go wrong with Mike's Special or the Los Altos Special.  JJ  

                I have to give this place 5 stars for two reasons: 1) my best friend and her family own Alotta's and I always get VIP treatment, and her family is amazing..2) I obviously love the sandwiches and everything else in the deli. I have had multiple sandwiches here and my faves are the mortadella, the los altos sub, and their famous north beach special (turkey, proscuitto and jarlsberg...one of my fave cheeses). i have also had the potato, pesto, tomato cucumber, and tomato basil pasta salads...love them. i love that they bake their sour french rolls every day and the smell of fresh bread is amazing...the hot bread is awesome! i always leave with at least one sandwich and a side and i have never been disappointed. i love the family and i love the food here :)  

                Gal took order. Touched cash register. Then handled food gloveless. Yuch.  The sandwich was ok, but the food handling is in question. The hot food was not giving off steam, also questionable.  Does not seem important to the management, so if you don't mind register germs on your food, enjoy!  

                Been coming here for years.  The Los Altos Sub is fantastic!  Their bread is really good, as are the salads and sides.  Great place!  

                Alotta's doesn't have a special sauce or many specialty sandwiches, but one important thing they do have is awesome French bread! Their bread is homemade and baked fresh and makes a world of a difference to me. Options for sandwiches are standard, but Alotta's success proves that having good bread can make the difference from being a mediocre sandwich shop to being great.   They have indoor seating now for about 12, making it a good lunch spot.  

                I love this place - the sandwiches, the employees, Mike the owner, the drinks, the chips, the homemade sides... but maybe biased since I grew up down the street. My go-to sandwich is their chicken salad sandwich on the roll with everything on it. They bake their rolls fresh daily, they roast their own meats, make their own pastas, and they have the best selection of drinks and chips. Everything feels mom-and-pop and it is. It's true that portion sizes have decreased a bit since I first started coming here in the early 2000s... or I've just gotten bigger and now the sandwich fits differently in my hands and mouth. Either way, I'm still loyal to Alotta's and prefer their sandwiches over any other deli that I've been to so far.  

                Why I went: Alotta's was highly recommended by friends. I drove out to Alotta's after having a few of their catered finger sandwiches at a housewarming party the previous week. The finger sandwiches were made on regular white bread, but the party hosts confided that the sourdough french bread, baked fresh in-house, was what actually makes Alotta's sandwiches extra-special. They urged me to head over to Alotta's and try a sandwich on the famous french bread.  Ordering & wait time: Great! I made my way out on a Saturday (they're closed Sundays), and I ordered the Los Altos sub on the aforementioned bread, with everything except onions. The wait time was very minimal considering they make each sandwich fresh (!!), and considering that I went during the lunch hour rush!   Paying & Picking Up: Mike was very pleasant (no idea what is up with these other reviewers), and I thought it was adorable the way he greeted the regulars and their families. You could tell this is was a family-owned business, and I LOVED that.   Taste: The 3 stars come down to the taste of the sandwich, though. It was really nothing to write home about. It was good, but not great, and the bread simply didn't live up to the hype. I finished the whole little guy, and I am a petite woman, so I imagine the size might not be enough for everyone. Still, the sandwich was satisfying, if not outstanding.  I would go again if I was in the area, especially because I would be very happy to support Mike and his local business, but it's just not my favorite sandwich in the world.  

                This place used to be amazing! I would always request this sandwich place, or take out of towners where when they wanted a good sandwich. However, over the past 2 years or so, they have changed. Their Los Altos sub used to be so  big I could only eat half. But who doesnt like a sandwich that has so much goodness in it, you can save half for later?! However that is not the case now... you can eat a whole sandwich and still be hungry. Or you can combined all the ingredients into one side and have a normal sandwich. If you are getting where I am going... their portions are SO small now! You only get one pickle slice per sandwich! That is crazy, and not the only ingredient they have cut back on, but seriously, how expensive can pickles be? I do have to say that their cucumber salad is amazing though. I cant go to this place without ordering that. But unfortunately I am not going here anymore cause my money can go much further at another sandwich place.  

                Been here a couple of times to pick up sandwiches to go. Had the North Beach special the first time and Los Altos special the 2nd time. Both were excellent.  Pro: Delicious house made bread and turkey breast, super fresh tasting Cons: Long wait-- Both times arrived around 12:45 and waited ~20-30 min after the order was placed  

                Every once-in-awhile the urge to overindulge, screw the diet, for a really good bowl of homemade soup and a great sandwich pulls my transportation directly to this deli.  For me the chicken soup and "Cupertino" on sourdough with the fixings, no onions, is my favorite.  This is a local, family run deli that also does catering for many of the events in our area.  The owners, Mike and Joanne put their hearts and soul into getting it right.  The service is really fast if David is making your sandwich; he seems to run on some sort of nitro fuel and can make a sandwich at supersonic seed.  Best to go in a little before the lunch hour or after cause the line can get long around noon.  Great job on the remodel Alotta, like the new seating area.  

                In house fresh baked bread, no not like subway. This is way better.   I got the north beach special, which is daily house roasted turkey, prosciutto, and jarlsberg cheese. The warm baked bread puts this sandwich over the top.   I heard students line up out the door during the school year. Go now.  

                This place is a party in your mouth! Everything is so good! The sandwiches are a little expensive since they charge extra for cheese and things but it is worth it! The sourdough bread and turkey is so good!!! But give them extra time if you go during lunch time when high schools are in session because they get really busy. The sourdough bread though is out of the world. Its always the same people working there and they are very friendly. I have been going there for about five years now and have never been disappointed!!!  

                Alotta's was the perfect lunch place while visiting my friends up in Los Altos. It has a very home-y feel, where the owner seems to know everyone who walks in, and is super casual, with lots of fun signs up. There is a small parking lot out front and seating indoors and out.  I got the North Beach Special for a little over $7. It was well worth it. The turkey and proscuitto gave me lots of yum meat, and everything was customized the way I wanted. I also got a cucumber salad to share, which you can choose by size and they weigh it. It was very refreshing with small cherry tomatoes and some sauce made with vinegar. Overall, I have next to nothing to critique about it - there was hardly a wait, the service was nice, portion sizes were perfect for lunch, and the prices are very reasonable. The only thing I could mention is that the subs that had turkey in them weren't sliced that great since we got the end of the turkey, but that's bound to happen when they sell sandwiches so often. OH and their french rolls that the bread is made on is what hit the spot! WOW so good. I think they're like sourdough french bread that is to die for. The other people I went with seemed to like their meals very much too (hot pastrami and the Alotta's Los Altos Sub - which I would want to try next time. Who can say no to bacon?)  Overall, great place to stop for lunch, and next time if I'm feeling extra hungry I would totally just buy bread if they ever let me.  

                The sandwiches are tasty.  The environment is nice with an additional sit down area.  I do agree with others that it can get a little expensive by the time you get to the cashier.  I wouldn't want to spend this much on a daily basis for lunch, but once in a while is O.K.  

                Pretty good (but not at all outstanding) deli food, especially for the area.    Mostly impersonal service from a somewhat gruff staff that often gets your order wrong.  High Los Altos prices.  

                I work in the area and have not steped in the in 30years and it was different the sandwich was alright but the corn beef was micowaved and the side dish like 4 fork full of potato sald blew me away when I saw that cost $7.50 more then the sandwitch and a drink was over $20.00!! I could have had the same meal nextdoor at LUCKYS DELI!! and the owner was mean and the kid who ring up the food gave me a smart ass look when he rang me up when I was surprised at the price of the potato salad . I FEEL RIPPED OFF!!!!! I WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK THERE AGAIN!!  

                Sandos, fruit salad, and chips were the perfect food to refuel after a hike at Rancho San Antonio. Tried the North Beach and Tri Tip - both were awesome!  

                one of the best sandwich places in los altos/palo alto area. I love the bread..it is so good, fresh, and always right out of the oven. The los altos sandwich with avocado and bacon is my favorite. Their pasta salads are also great.  

                Used to be great, now it's not AND they're over-priced.   Lunch was almost $14, consisting of a very sad, thin, "hot" (read not hot) sandwich with a few dried out, thick pieces of pastrami (each slice complete with hard, dried out edges), 1/2 pint of pre-made salad which was good, and a drink. I love pastrami, especially reuben-ized versions, but this one was utterly disappointing. It was the day's "special", but couldn't have been less special...  

                I've never had anything here except the North Beach, but I love the North Beach. I live in the East Bay and find myself craving the North Beach pretty regularly. The sandwich is reasonably priced, I work in the city and get less and pay more for sandwiches. I'd like it if the bread was just a little bit softer, sometimes I find it cutting up my mouth. The owner is always nice when I see him and the dining area is nice and clean.  

                What a find!!!   After a long hike and run in Los Altos Hills (specifically in Rancho San Antonio) I wanted to have a fairly light lunch.  I did a little "yelping-action" on my Droid and Alotta's came up with some solid reviews and only 5 miles away.  Sandwiches and salads sounded perfect for a post run/hike meal.    The Yelp directions (using my Google navigator) made me go in circles several times but I eventually found the Deli and man was it worth it!!!!  A small hole in the wall that looked to have been possibly renovated recently (clean - but small - dining area with flat screen TV).  Honestly, the place could have looked a mess and I would have still given Alotta's a 5 star!  The sandwich I had was F-A-N-T-A-S-T-I-C!!!  I ordered a tri-tip sandwich and it was perfect!  Plenty of meat but not overwhelming.  I ordered the sandwich with a side of fruit and a natural organic bag of potato chips = lunch was perfect!  I'm really surprised Alotta's isn't more known throughout the Bay Area.  They make their own bread which is also amazing!!!  I'm usually not a huge fan of french roll because their usually hard and big but Alottta's was a perfect size and soft!    If you haven't tried Alotta's do yourself a favor and try it!!!  

                Everyone from Los Altos raves about this place. Being from Sunnyvale, I feel no qualms in giving it only three stars. It's tasty, but nothing to write home about.  The sandwiches taste like ones your mom would make for you to take in a brown bag to school. Except this one charges you maaaybe a little more than I think the sandwich is worth. The breads are always fresh, the cuts of meat are always good, the produce is always fresh. But that should be standard of any lunch shop.   Solid sandwiches, a definite "try if you're in the neighborhood" place, but I wouldn't drive out of my way to get one.  

                LOVE this place!! The place is beautiful, the sandwiches are amazing, and it has a very homey feel. It's a family run business, and they all the customers feel like they're family, too :)  

                I want to love this place, but can't.  The bread is warm, freshly baked, which is great.  But the sandwich (Los Altos Sub) is mostly the bread.  The turkey is good quality, but the portion used in the sandwich is so skimpy, and they slice it with the skin/fat, which after removed, by me, leaves so little turkey that it is just not a turkey sandwich.  I am happy to pay for quality ingredients, but I don't want the main ingredient to be the bread. And I don't want to pay for, or have to remove, excess skin/fat from the sliced turkey.  

                This place really disappointed me. I was hoping for a New York style deli, what I got was like ordering from Subways. Pre-sliced meat, weighed out on a nasty scale, and not fresh bread. Not sure about this location, it's in the middle of no-where, and not sure about how long they have been there but they won't be in business much longer with what they got.  

                If not for having already been spoiled by the Sourdough Eatery's down here (Sourdough Eatery, California Sourdough, Fresh Baked Eatery, all owned by the same family), I might would be compelled to give a higher rating.  Service was decent and quick.  The place is very clean and well kept.  The fresh baked sourdough bread is certainly a nice draw.  So, I'm biased because I've had better sandwiches.  I got the Mike's Special:  Turkey, Roast Beef and Swiss on Sourdough.  Sandwiches come with the works:  mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and peppers.  Not sure if it was supposed to have mustard or not, but mine didn't come with it.  The bread was warm!  It smelled and tasted giddily fresh, but was just a tad too dense and heavy.  The turkey was crumbly and somewhat dry, while the beef was a bit rubbery.  Neither had an outstanding flavor.  The sandwich overall lacked distinction so I found myself adding mustard, pickles and hot peppers to it.  (This was a to go sandwich that was brought home.)  Not bad, but probably not a sandwich I'll remember much in the future.  

                Met up with a friend who's quite the regular here. After checking out the Yelp reviews and deciding to try out the Los Altos Sub (turkey, lettuce, tomato, red onion, backon & avocado), I'd have to say that everything is as my rating says, A-OK. Maybe it's because I skipped out on the mustard + mayo condiments for my sandwich that I didn't find the sub to be all that great. The bread is fresh and somehow stays warm for most of the sandwich's existence before it's consumed. All this for 8 bucks, though, I don't know. I think I'd try it again, though, with the mustard + mayo. The sandwich is big enough to eat half at the restaurant and take the other half to go.   The place is quiet and peaceful in the mornings right before the lunchtime rush. I got to meet Mike, the man behind the Mike's Special. There are plenty of regular tables, high tables and outside tables for dining. There's also a visually appetizing mural in the dining room. My friend said that the people who work there are somehow featured on it.  Not much to say, but it's a great local sandwich spot that, I would say, is a great alternative to a run-of-the-mill Subway.  

                I finally decided to write a review for my favorite sandwich place ever!  First of all, no sandwich place can call themselves the best unless they bake their own bread. If you can hit the timing right when they bring out a fresh tray of bread it is the best!  My favorite is the Los Altos Special which is turkey bacon swiss and avocado. They are pricey but I will be glad to spend an extra few dollars for a quality sandwich.  And Mike is always a character and a fun guy to talk to as long as you catch him on a good time which is usually before and after the lunch rush...  And the best part is the fact that its 30 seconds away from my house!  

                The Los Altos sandwich is delicious.  It's like having Dirk Nowitzki take you out for a night on the town, and then discreetly letting you know that he "forgot" a condom. So gentle, and so real.   Nothing has ever gone so right for you, and you're starting to think this is some kind of dream.  It's not.  He's lying there next to you, feeding you a sandwich.  There's lots of onions on it but you don't care a bit.  It's not about bad breath anymore, you're way past that.    You wake up the next morning with a touch of mustard in the crook of your elbow, and bread crumbs littering your duvet.  All you can think about is, "when will I see him again?" instead of, "I can't believe they bake their own bread."    Get yours.  

                Alotta's is one of those hidden sandwich shops that just happens to make the best hot pastrami sandwich in the neighborhood! Their bread and ingredients are always fresh and they serve homemade macaroni salad and baked goods in addition to their sandwiches.   I love the homey, laid back atmosphere and even though I haven't tasted all the sandwiches on the menu, I have no doubt that the rest of the choices are as delicious as my usual.   Sandwiches are a little on the expensive side (around $8) and if I'm completely starving they won't fill me up. With sunny outside seating and a remodeled interior, its the perfect place for a lunch stop with friends or to pick up a sandwich for the road.  

                I have been coming here for years, and I always order the same thing--the Los Altos Sub. It's perfection in sandwich form.   It used to be maybe $5 with tax and everything. Yesterday I got it with a small bag of chips on the side and it was $10. I wish it were still the unknown little sandwich shop near my parents' house, with the insanely good sandwiches on freshly baked bread with freshly carved turkey....but it still tastes good, so I still keep on coming.  

                Alotta's is probably the best sandwich shop that I have ever eaten at and I never miss an opportunity to eat here when I am in town. I won't deny that this place is pretty pricey and quite frankly, I am surprised that the price range for this place has been dubbed as $ rather than $$. However, I am a firm believer in the price being justified by the quality of the food, which is why I am comfortable with giving this place a high rating despite the high price. Their bread is to die for and it wasn't until I came to this place that I truly realized how much the bread used in a sandwich matters. Their ingredients are very fresh and you will often see someone slicing meats when you walk in. As far as I can tell, they never use anything that is pre-packed, which is a common trend in most sandwich shops. Again, if you are looking for a cheap lunch, then maybe this place is not one to go out of your way for, but if you are comfortable paying a little extra for not only good sandwiches, but hearty soups and fresh salads, and from what I can tell, delicious prepared dinner meals as well, then Alotta's is definitely worth it!  

                This should be a 5 star place, but i have to take off TWO stars for the price. First of all, let me start by saying that the food here is awesome. They bake their own sourdough bread which is fantastic, and they roast their own turkey. The rest of the ingrediants they use are top notch. My favorite is the Mike's special which is roast beef, turkey,swiss cheese + all the rest of the usual stuff. Trust me, its good. Theres always a wait there because alot of people go.   Now lets address the price. When i came here in high school, a Mikes special was 5.25$. I watched over the years as the price went up. It now stands at 7.45$! Plus tax it comes out to about 8$ for a sandwich. That is simply unacceptable.  

                My best friend took me here one day, and sorry to say, but major fail? Maybe it was because we went late in the day, but the bread wasn't mouth watering good or tantalizing my nostrils with its fresh out the oven smell. The condiments weren't anything out of the ordinary and the meat choices were typical.  I wasn't looking for a Van Gogh of sandwich type shops, but if I'm gonna drive all the way to Los Altos for a sandwich, for that price, um.. can we just go to TOGO's?  

                This is a serviceable, but somewhat pricy deli.  They make decent sandwiches and have some prepared foods as well, as well as a range of chips and drinks.  Service is quick, and it seems to be popular with local high school students.  

                I've been coming here since I was a little kid, I used to come here for lunch in high school, and now that I've moved back in the area it's the only place I like to go for sandwiches other than my own kitchen.  They have remodeled recently but still the same owners and most of the same staff.  

                I work right by here and a couple of my co workers say i needed to try it out so i did. It wasn't too packed when i came in . I ended up ordering the North beach which was turkey cheese and procuto ( yah spelled it wrong) but the bread it came with was yummy. I loved the whole sandwich which was a good size! they have hot and cold sandwiches. I am definitely coming here again to pick up a sandwich!  

                Manager was nice at first then when I went to pay he didn't say anything, was not pleasant. I got a chicken salad sandwich on sourdough which was a bit on the hard side but the chicken was soooooo good. I love chicken salad sandwiches! A bit pricey though. Overall, good place, will come back if I feel like paying that much again.  

                Good deli but I don't think its great. I know people rave about their fresh baked bread but I wish they had a fresh baked whole wheat as well as their white. I like that its easy to get to and not in a big shopping center.  

                I go here as often as I can for their hot pastrami sandwich.  No where else have I had a sandwich as good as that one.  Although the sandwiches are a little pricey, their homemade warm french bread made in house makes the price worth it.  The sitting area is a decent size as well with a few tables outside as well.  The waiting time can vary depending on the time that you go.  At peak lunch hour, it get pretty busy and the wait can be long, but if you go a little earlier or later, you are sure to be impressed!  

                Great little sandwich shop, never fails to make a great sandwich. i usually get a hot pastrami with spicy mustard and its never a let down. I would rate it 5 stars, but for the size of the sandwich its a little overpriced, which is why im only giving 4. Everything else, great. =]  

                Sandwiches are pretty tasty. Really good bread. But, the sandwiches are small and expensive, and the guy behind the counter - can't remember his name, I think Mike - is sometimes unpleasant and kinda d-baggy.  

                I don't know why the heck I haven't written a review for this place.  It's like dating a supermodel for a month and then your friends meet her for the first time, and then you reply, "Oh, my bad, I shoulda told you."  THIS PLACE HAS THE MOST AMAZING SOUR FRENCH ROLL.  It's soft on the inside, and crispy on the outside (eggwash?), and it's got just the right amount of moisture and sponginess.  THEY PUT A HALF AN AVOCADO in their Turkey Bacon Avocado (deemed the "Los Altos Sub").  Not stingy.  DECOR: They did a remodel of the entire place and expanded it into a separate eating room with a flatscreen.  Pretty sweet... I imagine you could have a nice small-business or startup meeting in there.  Now if they would only allow us to change the channel...  CHIPS: As a chip connoisseur, I am greatly impressed with their chip selection. They have DIRTY's and some local brand called California Chips that has this one amazing flavor called "Earthquake Chips," which is a mixture of salt & vinegar, BBQ, and something else...  awesomely tangy.  BEVERAGES: Coke BOTTLES, new Snapple, Jarritos, Powerade, and even some alcohol... yeah baby.  SERVICE: The bad-ass dude with the tat preparing your sandwiches in the back and sometimes working the register looked like he was going to kill someone once, but other than that, all the staff are friendly.  Mike himself doesn't seem like the most people-friendly kinda guy, but that means when he says "Have a good one bud," he really means it!  He remembers my name now.  I am so special.  SPECIALS: They even do tri-tip, barbecue, and numerous tasty sides.  I even came here to get some amazing, fresh chicken noodle soup when I was sick once.  PRICE: This place is not your typical subway-type of deli, but more high-class flavors for the discerning palate.  Therefore, the sandwiches range from $6-9, the soft drinks are a little bit less than $2, and chips are around the same.  I usually get out the door with sandwich, chips, and drink for around $10-12.  

                loved it.  Especially their home made bread.  My younger one loved it so much he ate mine too.  Wish they have 1/2 and 1/2 menue then would be 5 star.  

                Tuna sandwiches yumm  

                For my first visit to Alotta's I ordered the hot roast beef with all the fixings on their freshly made sourdough bread. It was perfectly warm, delicious roast beef, and outstanding fresh bread. Delicious! A little pricey but well worth it.  

                I read the reviews on Alotta's and couldn't wait to try their sandwiches.  I went in with my daughter to grab a sandwich and was very disappointed with the service.  I asked the cashier it they had sandwiches that my daughter would like and gave a few suggestions.  The woman kept saying no, no, no and didn't offer any anything.  It seemed very cold and that tells me she didn't care for my business.  They probably have great sandwiches but I like to sit in a friendly environment where my daughter and I can go through her homework.  I could understand if they were busy but the place was empty. This is not the place for me.  I will not be going back!  

                Update (1/31/09): I am seriously OBSESSED with alotta's sandwiches! I have to go there at least once or twice a week. DELICIOUS freshly made sourdough makes the most fabulous sandwiches!  --------------------------------------------------­------------------------- i love alotta's. i get the exact same thing at every sandwich place i go to, so i'm constantly trying to find whoever makes it the best. while it is not the best i've ever had, it's the best i've found in the area. pretty damn good turkey sandwich. the sourdough rolls are delicious...always warm, fresh bread every time i've been there. also, the store was recently renovated, and it looks really nice.  the owner (or at least who i assume is the owner...he always seems to be running things when i've been there) is nice but quiet (i hate overly-friendly, exaggerated customer service that so many places have, so i don't really mind the understated people here...more genuine, if you ask me).  the only annoying thing (not alotta's fault) is if you attempt to go right around noon on the weekdays- the deli fills with high school students (from a nearby high school) who are loud, rude, and obnoxious. avoid going at this time.  

                Los Altos Sub, oh how I love thee.  Step 1: Freshly baked french roll - the perfect blend of crusty outside and chewy inside.  Don't try to be healthy by ordering wimpy wheat bread, it would ruin the sandwich.  Cut in half lengthwise.  Step 2: Roasted turkey - flavorful and moist.  roasted in house and sliced to order.  Apply to bread.  Step 3: Avocado & bacon - Bacon makes everything better.  Add on top of turkey.  Step 4: Add additional toppings to taste and toast gently.  Step 5: Place in mouth and prepare yourself to eat the best sandwich ever.    Step 6: Go back to work but come back the next day for another LA Sub.  Are there other sandwiches on the menu?  Of course, but I always stick to my favorite.  Thanks to Alotta's for making the most addicting sandwich. *minus one star for not being open on Sundays :(  

                Alotta's has been my favorite sandwich place since high school (college senior now). Everytime I go home I get a Mike's Special on a french roll : ) The turkey there is SO good!  

                So i'm eating a sandwich now and felt inclined to fill this out..  The food here is AWESOME. you look at the menu and it seems pretty basic, but there's something about the way they do it that's out of the ordinary. You have to appreciate a place that's been around for how long?! There's a reason why this place has stood the test of time despite all the Quiznos, Togos, and 5 dollar footlongs that there are out there...  I dig all their salad sides too. The different pasta, fruit, and potato salads are all pretty clutch, but my favorite has to be the cold pesto pasta salad. Its creamy goodness is just irresistible. Right now i'm eating the Joanne's Special,  and it always is consistent. The Turkey/Bacon/Avo is always a solid choice...basically nothing on their menu has ever steered me wrong.  If you are in the area, there really aren't too many local gems that have been able to stick around...don't miss this place. It may not be going anywhere anytime soon, but why miss out?  

                The meat is way better than overprocessed fake stuff they sell at subway and togos. yummy!  

                Very disappointing variety of sandwiches.  They charge you extra for cutting the sandwich to half if you want to share.  pretty expensive relative to what they offer.  Will not eat there again.  

                I've lived in the neighborhood for years. Mike and team have been a pleasure to get to know and their food's great. No complaints and many expected returns for that freshly baked bread.  Highly recommended.  

                When I was in high school, I loved Alotta's and we used to come here all the time.  How things have changed.  The only thing that has gone up (besides my age) is the price of a sandwich.  Everything else just seems to have gone downhill.  The Los Altos sub was always my favorite.  Turkey, bacon, and avocado on a sub with a bag of chips and a drink and then we'd walk across the street to my friend's house to eat it (there's barely any seating there!)  Good times.  Perhaps my appetite has gotten larger with age but the last time I went here, my Los Altos sub seemed a lot smaller than I remembered it to be.  It was also a bit more pricey than I remembered it to be.  Luckily, the taste was still there,  just as I remembered it to be.  *sigh* I guess I have to let go of my high school memories of this place and face the reality that not everything stays the same.  

                I've been going here for sandwiches since I was in elementary school. It's where I learned to love and crave the Veggie Sandwich. Imagine that, a kid eating a veggie sub? I've long moved away from Los Altos, but I still fondly remember this place.   I recall their ravioli's are divine as well. I love this place, and damnit I'm giving it a five star rating for the food AND for the family that runs it. I only visit every few years, but I swear if Mike is there he remembers me and my family. Granted- we lived down the street, and grew up with his kids, and that could be why this place feels like home... regardless, I'm a customer for life.   Thanks for giving me great childhood memories.  

                Fresh bread, good sandwiches ... but I wouldn't drive 5 miles just to get a sandwich here. Pricey (I deducted one star because of the expense) - a couple of bucks more than Togo's or Subway's regular sandwiches. But I'd rather get my sub here than at either of the two establishments I mentioned. Service can be slow during the lunch rush (10-15 minute wait) due to the large number of people ordering lunch.  I'll eat here when I'm in the area (and want to splurge). I actually prefer a small hole-in-the-wall in Los Gatos (The Sandwich Maker). That place is lots cheaper, also has good food, and is closer to home.  

                Really good, solid sandwiches.  You really can't go wrong here.  I especially like the North Beach Special (turkey, prosciutto, and jarlsberg) and the Alotta's Los Altos Sub (turkey, bacon, avocado).   I like that it's a nice, local, homey sandwich shop.  

                I love Mike's special on the sour Roll.. yummy! It's awesome when the bread is super fresh and warm out of the oven! Mike is a little intimidating but I've never had an issue with anything being wrong with my order so I guess he keeps the place running smoothly despite the crowds!   This place reminds me of being in high school and ditching class to go get a table before the lunch rush would start... *sigh* ahhh youth :)  Nostalgia rules all. I love eating at Alotta's! :)  

