                We were so excited when a new Chinese restaurant moved into the area. We like the "other" one but it was time for something new.  We've ordered delivery a couple of times and have always been very happy, but last night we decided to go in for dinner.  The food is excellent. My 7 year old eats it like she's a 500 lb man who hasn't eaten in 5 days.   We often get the Mandarin meal which is $15.95 per person and includes so much food, it's ridiculous!!  It includes: wanton soup, eggrolls, fried wantons, fried shrimp, and main dishes, dependent on the # of people eating. First dish is broccoli beef, second is sweet and sour pork, third is cashew chicken, fourth is mu shu pork.  I'm allergic to nuts, so the owner let us substitute chicken chow mien for the cashew chicken, which was very nice, and made my girls very happy!  The owner was our server and was very friendly, and joked around with my girls, which they loved.  And the best part? I got 4 fortunes in my fortune cookie so now I'm going to be rich, famous, inherit a ton of money, and go on a great vacation!!! Thanks Amazing Wok for making my dreams come true!!  

                Don't let their trendy looking dining room fool you or their generic sign using Bradley Hand ITC font...well, at least it isn't Comic Sans?  There is nothing amazing about this spot.  Alright, so here's what we ordered:  Pan Fried Potstickers - They were small, and were barely fried.  They were soggy and tasteless, no matter how much of that vinegar sauce they gave you...yes, vinegar.  Beef Chow Fun - I think the cook doesn't know how to use soy sauce because it was colorless and tasteless.  Speaking of which, what Chinese resto does not have soy sauce, hot mustard and/or chili sauce on the table??  Much less, chopsticks? Apparently, this one!  Honey Walnut Tofu - Okay, what kind of soggy crap was this?  We were expecting the tofu to be fried to a crisp, not just on the outside.  You can barely taste any of the sauce as the tofu watered it down.  Orange Chicken - Gosh darn it, I've had better OC at Panda Express.  The sauce tasted way artificial.  Sorry everyone, but if it's any consolation, this spot ranks third to the worst Chinese food I've ever had.  #NothingAmazingHere  

                This place is absolutely amazing! The BEST Chinese food I have had. Everything is fresh. I come here at least once every week.  It deserves more than 5 star.  

                Ended up in Danville last night (not quite sure how) and stumbled across Amazing Wok. I took a quick look at the yelp reviews and saw it was a solid 4 star restaurant so I stopped in. Got some hot and sour soup, Mongolian beef, chicken with green beans, and combination chow mein. Food came out quick (within 15 minutes). All of the food was really good...no complaints about any of it. The quantity of food was on the smaller side, but the quality of food made up for it. This isn't the kind of place to go to if you're expecting cheap takeout Chinese food...it's more of a place to go if you want to show people you're a grown up.  I also really liked Jason. I was impressed by how friendly he was with everyone...probably 10 people came in while I was there and they all seemed to be regulars. He greeted them by name and talked to them like they were old friends. Obviously he didn't talk to me like that, but it was just my first time there...he was still really friendly. Just based on what I saw last night, I'd love to go back but it's far away from me. I clearly didn't experience with Jason what some other reviewers did, but if you read those reviews, it's clear those people are not very credible...I wrote more about that before, but my review got taken down so I'll just leave it at that. Good food and good service. A little on the high side price-wise is what keeps the fifth star off the review.  

                Solid 3.5. Rounded up because Jason, who is always working, is great/friendly. To-go orders are packed up nicely and securely.   Tried the following here:  -Honey Walnut Tofu! - 5/5 - never seen this anywhere. It's so good!! -salt and pepper asparagus - 4/5 - (a great alternative to fried calamari) -salt and pepper pork chops - 3/5 - slightly over fried last time -beef chow fun - 3/5 - as expected. No complaints  -dry sautéed string beans with preserved vegetables - 5/5 - very well made! -garlic eggplant - 4/5 - generous portion -vegetarian fried spring rolls - 3/5 - a bit small for the price -vegetarian noodle soup with tofu - 5/5 - very flavorful broth with lots of veggies -vegetables/meat dish (recommended by Jason) - 5/5 - lots of veggies with an assortment of beef, chicken, shrimp  Located at the corner of Crow Canyon Road and Camino Tassajara, behind the Chevron/McDonalds.  

                Not sure if this place is still open or what the deal is.  Just tried to go there for lunch and after driving all the way there, they were closed!  According to the hours on the door they should have been open.  So, call before driving out there.  

                This place doesn't even deserve one star..  Jason is lucky to get one star for his rude behavior on yelp.   We made reservations for 8:15pm got there 5 minutes late because we got lost because we don't live in the area. We explained the reason for being late and they were so rude.  We walked out because we are not going to deal with this rude behavior. With a party of seven we went to Persian restaurant next door. He doesn't care for his business at all. It is not worth the 30 minutes drive for crappy restaurant and rude manager.   This place needs to shut down or change management.  

                Do not know how I have overlooked the Amazing Wok restaurant since living in the east bay  Attempting to make up lost time by having lunch there last week and dinner this week  Their Chinese chicken salad is fresh and crisp-- and you mustn't miss the Snow White fish . The fish literally "melts in your mouth" paired with the freshness of the veggies. Everything about their food is clean and light  You will find no heavy soy and starchy sauces here  The owner makes you feel at home and answers all questions pleasantly  See you there next week  Beats cooking!  

                This review is for pick-up.  It was easy to order through the phone, no confusion :) The food was said to be ready in 20 minutes. I'm sure it was ready way before that.  The food came in a box which made it convenient to carry in & out of my car.  The place itself is pretty small but the decor was modern, I liked it. They had a TV near the cashier that was playing sports, always a plus!  We ordered:  Chicken Chow Fun (my roomie isn't a vegetarian): The bean sprouts with the sauce was good. The noodles were my favorite, the fat ones. lol.   Vegetarian Spring Rolls: You can't go wrong with spring rolls! As usual, it was yummy in my tummy.  Four Season Vegetable (Baby Bak Choy, Asparagus, Snow Peas & Mushrooms): So yummy! The veggies could have been steamed a bit more but I guess I dug the crunch :) I recommend for vegetarians. Lots of flavor.  Brown Rice: Cooked to perfection, lots of places tend to over or under cook.  All in all, pretty good. I'd order take-out again :)  

                Wonderful place!  Great fresh food, excellent decor, good service!  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because I kinda reserve that for "over the top" primo restaurants,..the kind most of us only visit a few times in our life.  They seem to do a very brisk take out business.  

                Not a bad place for a quick bite. Got corn chicken soup and their raved salt pepper chicken wings.  Hope I don't have to wave my hands to beat that one fly bothering now and then... Would go again when in the neighborhood.  

                Since I moved inland, it's been a challenge to find some good Chinese food.  Amazing Wok was a good find on this side of the hill.  The restaurant is clean and the service is friendly and attentive (even though there were only two people running the front of house and they were very busy taking and handing off phone orders).  The food was great and the dishes had good protein/vegetable ratios.  I'll be a returning customer.  

                Went to this place on a Saturday night with a party of 8. The restaurant was very empty, but yet the service was lacking. We walked in with 2 toddler girls and there was almost no recognition of kids being present. However when another "non-Asian" family walked in, the owner managed to put on a very happy smile and even give her a box of  76 crayons (large box) to be entertained. I thought it was rather awkward, but gave him the benefit of doubt and simply asked for activities for the kids. He brought my 2 kids a grand total of 4 crayons. Weird.   The food was mediocre. The hot and sour soup was reheated - def not a fresh soup made that day. However, we were told that if we didn't order 2 bowls right then (and decided we need more later) that it wouldn't be ready. So sort of forced us to order 2. Chow mein - below average. I would recommend PF changs (which I don't consider very highly) over this place. If your in the East Bay, Darda Seafood in Milpitas is WAAAAY better with better attitude!  

                We decided to hit this place for lunch based on the other positive reviews. It's situated in a strip mall, but the inside is nicely decorated, if not a bit bright during the day.  We ordered two meals and an appetizer of potstickers, and unfortunately this is where the troubles began.  The pot stickers were oily, and crisp to the point of being difficult to cut and chew. They were also tasteless compared to others we've sampled. The sauce was all vinegar.  I ordered the orange beef and it was not good. It was way too sweet, sticky, and even a little slimy. I couldn't taste the meat at all. There was a small pile of vinegary, overcooked vegetables on the side, and the rice was nothing special.  My wife order the curried beef. She said that the taste was okay, but the portions were small, there was very little meat, and the fried rice was lacking flavor.  The service was rushed, and impersonal. And then we got the bill. It was $8.25 for each of the entrées, but a whopping $7.50 for the appetizer.  All in all, I think we would have been happier and more satisfied going to panda express. And that's saying something.  

                Ordered take out Walnut prawns Beef broccoli  Chow fun Orange chicken Fried rice Steamed potstickers  Yelp 4 stars made this place attractive.   Service was fine. Walked in, paid $70 for the order above.   Steamed pot sticker - tough dough, mushy pork inside and not much of flavor  Beef chow fun - barely any beef, very plain and bland  Walnut prawns - okay, nothing special but best dish between all that we ordered  Orange chicken - tough chicken (don't know how), sauce was lacking orange but was heavy on vinegar  Beef broccoli - bland but beef was thin and cooked well  Fried rice - good with nice chunks of chicken.   Would I go back?  No... Better options are available in danville/Sam Ramon. I was very hopeful but a big disappointment. Would have loved to dig into Panda Express instead of this place. Sorry to say but being honest.  

                Pretty typical American Chinese food. The food is pretty average in terms of taste. The menu has all the typical American Chinese favorites (mongolian beef, orange chicken, fried rice - you get the picture).   The reason why it receives 4 stars from me is the price, the quality, and the portions. Excellent lunch special prices. Probably the best lunch specials in the area. Lunch specials come with soup, choice of rice (veggie fried rice, plain rice - a dollar extra for brown rice), and mixed wok'd vegetables. We ordered the string beans, the steamed ginger fish, and pork fried rice for the kids. Portions were large, the food was fresh and not too heavy as can sometimes be the case with American Chinese. The fish had tons of ginger (yum) and was very tender. The Hot and Sour soup that came with the lunch was pretty decent as well. Not the best I've ever tasted, but sufficiently hot and sour to earn the name. So many Hot and Sour soups are anything but.   We weren't blown away by the food by any means. But this is solid spot to get quick, cheap, and decent Chinese food. Looks like they do a lot of take-out too. Several parties came in for take-out while we were there.  

                Kind of pricey compared to my other Chinese ordering experience (doesn't happen to often).  Most places I ate Chinese food from before included the order of side rice with the meal, this place charges extra :/  The Kung Poe was very, very, very spicy. Spicy to the point it was un-eatable. The food lacked the sauce, if just looked like they forgot to add it, just really spicy seasoned chicken and vegetables.  Not a fan.  

                Very decent Chinese food. I usually come in here for lunch (work about 2 minutes away). Great prices and good portions. The manager or owner guy who always works there could be a bit nicer, but overall it's a very decent & fast experience.  

                Great food. Good local Chinese food for takeaway.  The General Tsos chicken is a 2 part dish, ensures the chicken doesn't get soggy.   Chicken corn soup is good and great to have a good soup place near the house.   Good portion sizes and good service. What else can you ask for.  Located in strip mall across from McDonalds.  

                Very good food. Seems healthier than most Chinese food restaurants. Love the noodle soups on a cold night. Basil chicken is great.  

                We made reservations for 815 for a party of 7. Jason, the owner, was extremely rude when we walked in at 825. This was our first time dining here and since we don't live in Danville, we got lost (which caused the delay). Jason exclaimed that the restaurant closes at 845 (even though the sign said 9) . He was rude and disrespectful - basically didn't care that we had made this effort to eat at his place. So we decided to walk out and will never walk back again. You can make decent food, but if u can't be hospitable and make the meal enjoyable for your customers, there is no point of dining in - I don't care how good the food is. We were warned of Jason's attitude before coming and regret having takin the risks. Not worth the attitude.  

                Only thing amazing about this place is the utter lack of courtesy and service  We made a reservation for 815.  Person the phone told us they close at 845  We drove from fremont the drive was longer than we thought and were late by 7 min  When we walked in the owner started with we close at 845 you can do whatever you like. When i asked him if there was a problem he said i told you we close at 845.  Generally even if you arrive a minute before closing most restaurants let you order. He we were 23 minutes before and this guy was giving us attitude  Needlessly to say we did not eat there even though we were starving.  I have crossed this place off my list.   The owner is rude and does not understand service.  I wonder why he is in business  Btw on yelp the closing time is posted as 900 pm  

                I have been here twice for lunch and both times the food was excellent. The portions are a good size and the prices are reasonable for lunch in Danville. The owner is really accommodating, he will make your food exactly how you request it (fully vegetarian, fried rice with no veggies/eggs). One of his signs even says he can cook with Halal meat for those who want it.   The service lacks in speed but nothing that kills the overall experience. You may have to flag down your waiter for your bill or more water but they are fairly attentive. This is an excellent place to go for lunch if you work in the surrounding area as it does not get too busy so you will always get a seat.   Nice Chinese food restaurant - I will def. recommend it to those who like this type of cuisine.  

                I loved absolutely everything about this place! I went there last Saturday night with my son and my girlfriend.  We found this restaurant on Yelp and were excited to try it out. The experience exceeded our expectations.  To start from the beginning: *The parking is super easy. The restaurant is located on the big plaza with plenty of parking. *The atmosphere and decor is modern and very relaxing. Everything was very clean. Dim lightning. Music. Modern plates and dinnerware.  *The menu has lots of choices. The prices are reasonable, especially considering the location. *The food came to our table very fast.  We ordered: 1. Pan Fried Onion Cakes as an appetizer. We all loved it! 2. Orange Flavored Chicken for my son. He said it was the best orange chicken! The breading was thin and crispy. The orange flavor was very tasty.  3. Eggplant Tofu in Satay Sauce. So far it was our favorite dish of the night! We are a big fan of the eggplant dishes. And it was mind blowing yummy! The eggplant was cooked to perfection, with silky smooth tofu. The sauce made this combination just perfect! 4. Moo Shu Beef. That was the dish that we'd never tried before. It came with four thin pancakes. Great combination of chopped veggies and tender beef. Delicious!  The last thing I would like to mention is the staff. Unfortunately, we didn't get to know their names.  Everybody was very welcoming, happy and kind. We felt just like home!  Conclusion: The amazing wok dishes and staff attitude just finished our experience with the desire to wanting to go back there again.  Oh, the only little thing I would change for "Amazing Wok Chinese Cuisine" would be their outside sign. It really needs the illumination. We came when it was dark outside and struggled to find the place for a little. But the experience was absolutely worth it!  Five stars!  

                Come to this restaurant all the time for their tofu spinach egg drop soup! Love it with white pepper. I am also very peculiar when I order because I like my food cooked a certain way and they are always very accommodating. Food is hot and flavorful.   Straightforward and friendly staff.  

                This place has really gone down hill in a year... The chow mein USED to be flavored and fried in a wok with cabbage and sprouts.... Now its bland boiled noodles w/ barely any veggies and is gross.  The hot and sour soup isn't as great as it was either. Chinese is very limited on this side of danville.. So i keep giving it another chance... But no more, I'm done.  

                Food is average.  Staff is friendly and the ambiance is casual and clean.  I've eaten in the restaurant and have ordered take out and while never overwhelmed by the food, have always found the service acceptable and the staff accommodating.  

                I love chineese food for lunch . It is small place and I usually order food from them . I live half year in San Ramon  and half year in NYC as my boss have two offices and  

                Great food, nice atmosphere and friendly owner. Happen to stop by looking for lunch. I ordered their House Special Noddle Soup and Hot-and-Sour Soup. Both are quite delicious. I would definitely come back soon  

                The food here is Uh-mazzzing! Best Chinese food I've ever had by far. They use fresh ingredients and the food is very clean and tasty. The Mongolian beef is ridiculously good. My 4 year old (who is a picky eater btw) loves it! He can literally eat a full order. They also offer halal meat for all you halal eaters out there. Amazing Wok is definitely just that, Amazing. (Cheesy, I know). :P  

                Average Halal Chinese food.  Portions are small, and a bit pricey.  I went there for lunch and have gone for dinner.  I prefer lunch.  They have specials and food is cooked and served faster.  Service is very good here.  

                First timer here Love their Blackhawks beef a lot and their wings They are really friendly  Portions are big enough and reasonable price as well  

                Ordered delivery, which is nice to have in Danville nonetheless.  The gentleman who answered the phone was quite pleasant and very efficient in taking my order.  Delivery was prompt, 30 minutes I'd say, and the delivery lady was equally as cordial.     Here's where it gets quite average... The food.   Ordered cashew chicken, broccoli beef, spring rolls, and fried rice. Both the chicken and beef were swimming -- actually more like drowning in sauce.  My first few bites I was thinking, "Really?  I hope this gets better."   It didn't, the pork fried rice was equally as bland and the spring rolls tasted like the frozen kind you can get at the supermarket.      Not a foodie by any stretch of the imagination, and I often take issue with other high maintenance Danville/Blackhawk reviewers, but I would skip this place if you're looking for good taste and quality of the food.  ***EDIT***  added one star because Jason called me and attempted to rectify the issue by offering to remake it.  Shows they listen and care.  

                Food is delicious and you can get halal here:) they are a great place to go to with kids- very accommodating. The restaurant is also clean and the service is good. Would definitely recommend if you have not tried it. So happy they serve halal upon request!:)  

                There is no way this place is four stars! No way! They must be yelping themselves! Food is bland and expensive.  

                Love this place. This is probably the only Chinese I will ever eat at these days. The good is clean and delicious. Staff here are very nice, especially the guy that works here, I also think he is the owner because he  always knows what the specials are and always goes into details on what are in the dishes.  I only come here for the seafood and I must say it is yuuummmmmyyyy!!!!!!! Sometimes if they have a special fish, the owner always knows that I want it! By now he knows my husband and I when we walk in and knows what we are going to order.  Always shrimp fried rice shrimp chow fun sizzling seafood soup and sweet and sour prawns!!! And of course the special fish if they have it. Once he recommended a deep fried fish which was drenched in a spicy sweet and sour sauce. OMG! It was to die for. Still waiting for the day he brings it back again. I'll be waiting  

                Haven't been back in a year and a half and won't go back.  After writing the 4 star review , the Owner was complaining the next time he saw us because we only gave him 4 stars. Instead of thanking us, he was very angry and rude towards us because we didn't give him 5 stars? Are you kidding? You are lucky that we took the time to write a review at all. We wrote the review because the last  time we had eaten there, the Owner Jason was very upset and angry with a couple of poor reviews that he had received. We felt badly for him at the time and wrote a review for him with an honest evaluation. We gave him the 4 stars instead of 5 because at times the food can be very salty. As we found out, the Owner can be quite abrasive as he was with us that last time we had lunch there and we had heard him on the phone in the past being that way with others. We have been eating at China Paradise, right across the street and very much enjoy the food, the friendly service and the very gracious Owner.  

                Great food, a little on the pricy side for what you get. Good atmosphere with modern Asian flare, very clean. Place was empty until we were about to leave, so finding seating for lunch is not a problem. Quick with food. Overall great place!  

                It was dead in here, only a couple other people having dinner on a Saturday night.   The service was excellent, the two working catered to our every need.  The food held up to the 4 and 5 star reviews.  Chicken Corn Soup Pot Stickers (thick dough) Walnut Prawns General Chicken Mongolian Beef Combo Fried Rice  We will be back soon!  

                Food is AMAZING! I come in about once a week to get some lunch! I love how crispy they get the orange chicken and fast it comes out. The owner is very nice and friendly and enjoyable to talk to! Average lunch is $8-12. If you're looking for yummy Chinese this is your go to!  

                This is our favorite new place. The food is amazing and they have our favorite beer tsing toa.  

                I absolutely LOVE Chinese food and unfortunately this place was a huge disappointment.   What we ordered (take-out)  Brown Fried Rice w/ BBQ Pork: Not bad Prawns w/ String Beans - Prawns were horrible, I think they were old and went bad, string beans were the best part General Chicken - sauce was not appetizing, too sour, sits on a bed of broccoli best part was the broccoli BBQ Pork - the portion was so bad I almost went back and asked if they forgot the rest of the pork - in a sauce that wasn't horrible, but do any Chinese food places serve regular sliced BBQ pork w/o it dressed in a sweet sauce? (like Orient Express does?)  Let's just say I've always gone on yelp to check out places but never officially had an account. I got home, ate a few bites of the food, signed up for yelp, and am now writing this review...  Nothing like spending almost $50 dollars on take-out and still being hungry... 1 star :(  

                We like the War Wonton soup but I wish the menu clearly differentiated the fried food from the (relatively healthier) stuff.  Very fast service and prices are very reasonable.  

                Excellent food, and very fast, told many friends about this place.  Almost reminds me of my favorite Chinese food place in the city....just without the traffic!  

                The food is decent.  I went there recently, and if you are into authentic Chinese food, it is not for you.  They are definitely Americanized.  I don't mind that, but the food was not all that great.    It was a bit pricey as well.  The service was very good.  

                First time here and ordered their amazing wok chow fun.  It had two to three tiny  pieces of beef, chicken, and prawns if we were lucky.  Hardly any bean sprouts or onions  in it.  The fun was all stuck together in chunks and tasteless.  If I did not grow  up on Chinese food,  this probably  would have  passed for most Danville residents.  Not coming back!  

                Weekends are chinese food splurges for myself and my damily. We went to yelp as we do every time we check out a new place and saw this place .... 80 reviews  and relatively new with 4.5 stars average!   hmmmmmmm ... better check in to this!  Just ordered Togo. He said ready in 5 minutes. Hub!?! Really. I drove over and it was sitting on the counter for me.   In the car was hard not to peek inside bc the walnut prawns were making a hole in my nostrils sooooooo good.   Walnut prawns were amazing! Noodles HK STYLE awesome! Vegetables were hot and slightly too much sauce for my liking but were very tasty! And the friend rice was delicious.   My new favorite place. Cheaper than the other place and definitely same or even better quality. Just my two cents.   Thanks guys. Ill be back.  

                Came here on very short notice with a party of 15 on Christmas Eve. They were very accommodating and helpful. We were having a hard time figuring out how much/what foods to order for our party and our server was very helpful with her suggestions.  The food was excellent, the service was prompt, and the price reasonable (came out to $19/person for soup, wontons, a number of entree dishes, boiled and fried rice, and tea).  Would definitely come back.  

                This is my favorite Chinese restaurant ever!! Jason is the bomb I would recommend this restaurant to any one!!  The salt and pepper wings are amazing! Love the lettuce wraps also!  

                We ordered Mongolian Beef, the Cumin Chicken (might have another name on the menu), and the Chicken with Hot Garlic Sauce. The only thing that was amazing about all three dishes was the amount of onion they managed to heap onto each plate. These dishes were all meat dishes, and we literally had to hunt for crumbs of meat (between the onion slices). Not a fan. This place is not worth returning to.  

                Good ambiance, friendly and prompt service. The place was quiet and clean.  I would have given it 4 stars for that.  The food was just too far a stretch from "Amazing Wok".  The twice-cooked pork did not taste like freshly cooked pork.  This dish is supposed to be Sichuan/Hunan-style Chinese dish.  It involves first simmering fresh pork in water with some spice, then the pork is cut into thin slices and fried in oil with peppers and other vegetables.  Instead, the pork served to us was colored red like the barbecue pork.  This place is probably Okay if you are not seriously expecting authentic Chinese dish.  

                Based on the Yelp reviews, I thought this place was going to be "amazing" as in the name.  Nope, just okay.  I can't say service was lacking, or the food wasn't decent, but it's not a 4-5 star in my humble opinion.  I'd like to give it a 2.5 star review instead of 3.  Probably won't go back, just not "amazing" enough.  Portions seemed a bit small, a few dishes were a bit salty and flavor was kinda "eh."  

                Bumping this up to five stars.  I've been here three times.  Every single time, we are seated promptly.  Jason is always charming and helpful.  He makes sure we know about the specials.  He always makes sure my food is vegetarian and clarifies which ingredients are okay with me.  Jason and his business partners have a long history in Asian restaurants.  They know what they are doing and how to do it well.  Glad to have them in the neighborhood.  

                Amaxing Wok is great.  Friendly service. Not annoying and rushed like so many other Chinese restaurants. The food is excellent. It is cooked to order and always served hot and fresh. The presentation is good and the portions are of a good size. The décor is soothing and warm even when it's blustery outside. Feels like sitting in a ship with wood paneling on the walls.  

                Amazing Wok is easily my wife's and my favorite Chinese restaurant in the bay area.   The food is always tasty and their standards for freshness are always high.  We've never had a meal here we didn't thoroughly enjoy.  The decor is lovely! Nice dimly lit setting with cherry type wood walls. Relatively quiet  atmosphere (doubly so for kitchen noise in comparison to other Chinese restaurants I've been to). Definitely a good date or casual location. Flat screen TV on the wall usually tuned in to local sports for those of you into that sort of stuff.  The owners/other employees are always a pleasure to encounter, both in service and conversation, for dining in and placing orders to go. The owner is definitely one of the sweetest, most caring and ethical people I've ever met and I'm happy to have met him.  So long as Amazing Wok remains open, they will have our frequent business! :)  Our typical order: Chicken & Broccoli Mongolian Beef Chow Mein Veggie Spring Rolls  

                Though this place is new, clean, and the owner was so incredibly nice ... it failed to really wow me.   I ordered the Mapo Tofu and Hot and Sour soup and eh. I've had better. We asked for spicy and got ... moderate spicy. Portions were relatively small for the price. And we were waiting around for more tea for too long.   It's an OK place. Would I come here again? Probably ... seeing as though it's about 2 minutes from where I live and I'm really all about convenience these days. I've become way too lazy for my own good...  

                This is a newly opened restaurant I traveled from the East Bay to try and and I will definitely come back for the amazing food and service!   The restaurant had such a welcoming vibe, this place is good for a casual night out or a date the place felt very intimate and warm, service was great, I have not had the best experience with Chinese restaurants in the past but this place goes beyond to make sure you leave happy.   Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings: are lightly battered very flavorful, not too fried they were just right. This was the right appetizer to start with and it was kid approved by my son he loved them!   Orange chicken: Amazing! this is the best orange chicken I have ever had, it was all white meat, lightly battered and the sauce was not too sweet with a little tang to it, by far this is definitely my all time favorite orange chicken.   Mango Chicken: was a hit at our table! chunks of mango, a sweet tangy sauce and veggies, first time ever trying mango chicken and it was quite delicious.   Curry Fish: I personally am not a big fan of curry, however I tried it and it was delicious, people who like curry approved of it.   Spicy sauce: That's right I'm also reviewing their chili because it's that good! this is the best chili I've had in an Asian restaurant. I asked what type was it? its made in house. It's full of flavor spicy but not overbearing. If  you've read any of my reviews you would know I love *spicy* and this place hands down has the best chili; to add some spice to your life :)   diez 1 once  

                We took the kids and had a fantastic experience - loved the Blackhawk Beef, and the salt & pepper wings were out of this world.  This was our first visit, and we will be back  

                Amazing Wok is a winner among Chinese restaurants in the area.  My family and I have been patronizing Amazing Wok for a couple of years now, and the owner treats us like family.   We've come to expect an outstanding meal each and every time we head to Amazing Wok, and I can say without hesitation that we've never once been disappointed.    While we certainly have our favorites that we cannot go without, we've made it a practice to always order something new from the menu each visit.  Our best-loved appetizer classics are the crunchy salt and pepper chicken wings, the mouthwatering pan fried onion cakes and of course the crispy spring rolls.  Moving on to the main meal, no lunch or dinner would be complete without Hong Kong style fried noodles, the ever-refreshing snow white chicken, the hot and spicy garlic eggplant and the honey walnut tofu.   All dishes are promptly delivered to the table piping hot and pair nicely with one of the many teas offered (my favorite being a flower tea that blossoms from a tight bud to a floating flower inside of the transparent teapot).  Amazing Wok's growing loyal following is both a testament to the high caliber of the food and the pleasant experience of dining there.  It's safe to say that we will be Amazing Wok fans for a long time to come!  

                First time here...  had the famous salt and pepper chicken wings- 8 wings for 8.95.  It was a yummy appetizer to start off our meal.  So plump and crispy tasting!  Then we had the Blackhawk Beef, which was surrounded by broccoli.  The quality of the beef was good.  This dish was 10.95.  Love chow fun, and so we decided on the Singapore Style- had curry in it.  It had shrimp, beef and chicken.  It tasted ok.  This was 8.95.  Loved the white plates... noticed no chopsticks on the table and no tea was offered.  We will be back and try more dishes!  Only issue we had was too much MSG in the food...  

                Nice ambiance for a small dinner group or couples. Based on the Yelp reviews, we thought this place was going to be "amazing" as in the name but it was just OK.  Service was good but Not great.  

                Excellent food. Great service. The best chinese food in Danville/Blackhawk. Have been going there since it opened. Jason is friendy and personable.  Loved the Wonton soup, Mongolian beef, and Black pepper fish today.  

                The Amazing Wok is a one of a kind neighborhood place that serves authentic Chinese Food.  Many of their selections are made special for Asian consumers such as the Snow Fish dish.  It is freshly sauteed fish with an array of fresh vegetables in a light garlic saute.  Very nice....Very comparable to any place in San Francisco Chinatown.    Another favorite is the House Special Chow Fun in Satay sauce which is off the menu and made by request to Jason, the owner.  You need to ask for "wet" which is their gravy.    I would encourage a dine in experience as the food is infinitely better fresh from the kitchen instead of takeout.  Eat what you can and take the rest home......  

                We really like this place. Food is fresh and service is good. Jason the owner is very friendly. On more than one occasion he has made food special for us. (My husband doesn't like many vegetables). We like the variety of food. I've had trouble finding fried rice I like in our area and I really like the fried rice at Amazing Wok. We haven't used their delivery service yet but we will.  

                I've been here about a dozen times since my last review, and the good times and good food keep rolling. Their king pao combo is a other stand out worth trying,  

                This review is long overdue. My husband is restricted to a very low salt diet so most Asian foods are out of the question. Jason whipped up some amazing chicken dish w no salt that wasnt even on the menu; and it was very tasty. Now, we just walk in and Jason asks what type of meat we feel like and he whips up another flavorful dish for my hubby and we get to eat Chinese again. The garlic shrimp dish is very good. This place is a quaint clean place w personable service.  Definitely a must.  

                Amazing Wok is just that, AMAZING! Their food is the best Chinese food I've ever had!  Their Kung Pao Chicken or shrimp is actually spicy! They cook into the mix, Jalapeños which I've never seen. Although, I asked for extra spicy one time, not a good idea, haha it was soooo spicy but I asked for it so I don't blame them. Hot and Sour is good but their won ton soup is amazing!!! I'm very picky about won ton soup because the won tons always fall apart or the meat is tough or the wrap is not easy to eat. NOT theirs!!! The food is worth a 5 star for sure. The only thing I don't like is every time I call for delivery they say it will take an hour or longer if thats ok. So, sometimes of course we just go into get it but the times we don't mind waiting it always arrives in less than $30. What I take from that is they just don't want to deliver. This has happened over a hand full of times. Either offer deliver or don't but don't make up that you are busy. I will continue to come because I can't settle for any other chinese now :)  

                mmm, I did not enjoy my meal here. I ordered the Honey Walnut Tofu and I immediately disliked it.  The food didn't strike me as exceptionally healthy either, but rather heavy on the sauce.  

                Food: (3stars) Been here twice. Nothing amazing or remarkable about the food, but its not bad food either. Just ok food. (Already tried the eggplant, orange chicken, sweet/sour soup, chow mein)  Ambiance: (4stars) Nice ambiance for a small dinner group or couple. Dimly lit. Warm, wood colored walls. Flat screen TV.   Location: (4stars) Close to Blackhawk Plaza.  

                The food is always really good--we especially like the Chinese Chicken Salad and interesting variations on Hot and Sour Soup. The portions are a bit smaller than your average family Chinese restaurant. The purple napkins and dark furniture make for an upscale atmosphere. The service varies dramatically, depending on the mood of the manager. They will do local delivery for free, which is great!  

                Best Chinese this side of the tunnel!  

                We had heard good things about this place and went for a weekday  lunch to celebrate a birthday. There were only 2 other families present. The Asian guy ( manager?) sitting behind the counter was loudly engaged in a phone conversation  in his native language. He rudely pointed us to a table and continued talking. We sat there for 10-15 minutes waiting for him or someone else, but nothing happened. He kept speaking really loudly as if he did not give a damn for us or the other customers. We just got up and left and swore we would not go back !  

                Love this place...food is flavorable and the owner is very nice....he remembered my name after my first visit and my kids enjoyed coming here for dinner...if you want something different that is not on the menu, he will make it for you!!!! He has never charged me over the actual amount and if ever a mistake was made with my order he would get it fixed right away.  Great restaurant!  

                Never disappoints - their food is consistently fresh and delicious. Their portions are so right on and the prices are fair for the area. THE PLACE FOR LUNCH SPECIALS!  

                This restaurant is under new ownership - thank goodness!!! I was excited to try it, and I was very pleasantly surprised by the very tasty food, friendly service, and warm, clean ambiance.  So far, I've tried the hot and sour soup, West Lake beef soup, potstickers, salt & pepper chicken wings, chicken chow fun, mongolian beef chow fun, beef with scrambled egg, orange chicken, and pork fried rice. Not a single dish was anything less than fresh, flavorful, and artfully presented.  One night while I was dining in, I observed a couple picking up their to-go order. They had ordered a spicy dish, and the owner asked them if they wanted to try it before they left. At first, I thought this was a little odd, but they took a taste and decided they wanted more spice. The owner happily brought the dish back to the kitchen and made it more to the couple's liking. What a nice touch. This is service at its best.  My new favorite Chinese in Danville!!!  

                ???? Don't know what's the big deal. Like the the staff/ownership, Good quantity of food. But it's bland. But I think everyone in Danville likes bland.  

                Still hands down my favorite Chinese place in the Tri-Valley area. My favorites are the Singapore Rice Noodles - super delicious and different than your average Chinese noodle dish. Also love the Chicken with String Beans, Kung Pao Combo, and my fiance raves about their combo fried rice that he gets spicy. Never ever been disappointed by the portions. And they've always been consistent, so unless you want to gorge out on food, I can't see how the portions wouldn't be enough.  

                This place is definitely in the top 5% of the BEST Chinese restaurants in the Bay Area. At this point I've tried many, many different items on the menu --- all are excellent. The chickens wings are unique and delicious ---  the onion pancakes are a rare find in most Chinese restaurants -- and these are a homerun!    I've tried most beef, chicken, pork, and seafood dishes  -- never been disappointed.  If you like fish ---  try the whole fish -- sauteed and seasoned perfectly  The wine list is also a pleasamt surprise --- offering quality wines at reasonable prices -- not the case for most chinese places.  My ONLY concern ----  their reputation is sure to spread --- will they be able to plan for the larger staff needed for their popularity ?? --  And still maintain the high standards they've established.  

                Just moved in to the area and gave this place a try. Was nicer than I expected inside. He's got a TV in there and it was nice to relax with a glass of wine. Decent wines surprisingly. Food was great. We've since gotten take out which was also great. This one's becoming a neighborhood staple...  

                The food was fresh and tasty and the service is really good. Another perk is that no MSG is used in food. Would be 5 stars, except I found it a little expensive, but that could be because I'm used SF prices for Chinese food.  

                The employee/owner working there asked me to help them write a review awhile back.  Need I say that I haven't been here in so long so I decided that I did owe them this little favor.  Uh-oh, I did say I haven't been back in a long time right?  The prices are moderate but could use some tweaking, there are a few other places within driving distance that offers you the same quality for a lot less priced.  One thing I do LOVE LOVE LOVE about this place is their Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings.  Absolutely the best I've had in a long time, I still remember them and they are tasty!  I would have to drive to Oakland to find the same taste.  Needless to say, small comfy place with a nice quiet atmosphere.  Maybe I'll stop by again soon...  

                Great service and food! They will make any dish gluten free upon request.  

                You're thinking -- "strip-mall Chinese, oh well".  GO HERE and enjoy the great food.  While traveling for work I popped in because the place I Yelped nearby was closed.  I totally scored!  Large menu, new place (was previously a Chinese food restaurant which went away.. so, if you think you've been here, you haven't.)  Ask for the special Mongolian Beef, if you like the original, you'll really enjoy this version.  I also enjoyed their Hot 'n Spicy Wonton Soup.  It's small enough that the owner may serve you (Jason), you'll enjoy the conversation, (all about making great food), I did.  

                I have been here only once but the service was great. Food was also good but the 4 stars are really for the service. When I told the waiter that I didn't like my soup he took it right back and didn't even charge me for it. They are alert, quick and courteous.   I hope they keep up the good work though, I have been disappointed  more often than not when I see newly opened places giving excellent service to bring in the crowds and once they have their fan following then they start slacking.I hope that does not happen to this place  Cheers!  

                I've been coming here for a long time.  I've taken my family and friends here and they love it too!  The food is fresh and never oily.  I hate oily Chinese food.  The owner is always there and he is very nice. I highly recommend this place!  

                Every time I've been here, the food has been excellent. Fresh, green vegetables and meat made to order. I was really impressed by the presentation of the dishes, especially with takeout. He'll separate the sauce from the pan fried noodles assumedly to keep the noodles from getting soggy in the car ride. He does something similar with fried orders (sauce on the bottom and placing the chicken over the veggies so it doesn't get soggy). Great foresight and attention to detail.   The portions are definitely large enough; most of the time I can't finish a dish and I'll have leftovers for tomorrow. The Mu Shu pork is very tasty and one of my favorite dishes here. Thanks, Amazing Wok!  

                Fantastic!  Went here with a friend and we were curious about the Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings everyone is raving about here on Yelp.  We ordered them and they were very tasty!  We also ordered the Kung Pao Beef and the Honey Walnut Prawns.  Everything was delicious.  My new favorite Chinese food place and so glad it's close to home!  

                Tired this place based on reviews here.  Thought the food was OK at best.  chow mein was chalky and cashew chicken was decent, but a bit bland.  I so want a good chinese food restaurant in the area, but I don't think this is going to be the one.  To be fair this is the only time I tried this place and will go again to make sure my review is accurate.  

                I found out about this place when I saw the Grand opening sign and wanted to try it out. Nice to finally have a decent Chinese restaurant in the area. We ordered the salt and pepper Calamari, chicken broccoli, Amazing Wok fried rice-so good and a meal in itself, and chow mein and we were surprised with the quality of the food.  Since it was 9pm (30 minutes shy of closing) on a Saturday, and that they've been open only for 3 weeks, we were the only ones in the place but they were more than accommodating and service wasn't a problem.  One thing that the owner said to us was a little odd. When we mentioned that we found a staple in the food from one of the other Chinese restaurants in the area, he didn't find that so shocking. In fact, he told us that things like that happen and that he is more concerned if the food tastes good. I thought this really strange and can't believe that he seriously thinks it's okay if someone gets skewered by a staple as long the food tastes good.   Note: This place is nothing like nor is it affiliated with Brandy Ho, the restaurant that used to occupy this space, that had really bad food.  

                Great food.! You can obviously tell that they don't use shady ingredients and really care about quality.  Can't beat it for this area.  

                I was pleasantly surprised at this small mini shopping center restaurant. Everything we ordered was very good.  Food tasted very fresh. We had sweet & sour pork, Mongolian beef and fried rice and each item was very yummy. One thing is they have a tremendous pick up service.  People came in out the whole time to pick up. We will absolutely return. Reason for 4 stars is the wait staff can use a person to handle pu service and one for in house service. Love this place!  

                Great Chinese food (American Style) without the MSG. A hidden gem in Danville.  

                Good but not spectacular.  

                The key word here is AMAZING!  Before we came here we wondered if the 4.5 Yelp rating was warranted.  I can now say that it was not.  It's under-rated!  This is a 5 star place in every respect -- food, service, everything.  This location has been a Chinese restaurant for as long as I can remember.  None of them were memorable.  This place is a real winner.  Salt and pepper chicken wings, $9.  Piping hot, fried to perfection (a real art), on a bed of crunchy noodles and minced, cooked red bell peppers.  Just amazing.  Mongolian Lamb, $12.  Flavorful, packed with onions and green onions.  Mongolian perfection.  String Beans with Shredded Pork, $9.  As soon as I saw that they use (the correct) Chinese long beans, not those Kentucky green beans that the faux dish uses, I knew that this would be good, and it was.  Great sauce too.  Braised Tofu with Mushrooms, $9.  The description on the menu  doesn't even say that this arrives on a bed of tender baby bok choy and includes a tasty sauce.  Vegetable perfection.  We couldn't be more pleased with this place.  As another Yelp reviewer said, please patronize this great restaurant in a historically loser location (behind the Chevron station) so that they stay in business.  

                For those who are looking for Halal meat, you can have it upon request.  

                I work close by and go here often. Great guys! Great, fresh food  

                The male waiters are charming and provide excellent service.  We weren't sure what to make of the waitress though. Did a waitress really give us a hard time about ordering a bottle of wine because we may get drunk and limit a nearby diner to a single glass of wine? Excellent food with generous portions. Cute small dining room with elegant wood paneling throughout. Maybe we'll walk next time so we don't get harassed about driving home after enjoying a $40 bottle of wine.  

                Finally a great Chinese restaurant in Danville!  The food is the best I've had in years and the service is great as well.  My favorite item on the menu is the spicey shreaded pork.  We've had the opportunity to dine here about a dozen times and have loved it each time.  Portion sizes are just right.  Delivery is not always available though.  Tell your friends!  We want them to stay!!  

                We got here at 1:30 pm on Monday hoping to get a good lunch and the guy turned us away saying that they will close soon (the stated hours say 11:30 to 2:30). The "open" sign was still lit as we walked out. Not going back.  

                Just stopped by Amazing Wok today for the first time. I went there because I thought it was Brandy Ho's which I hadn't tried before but turns out Amazing Wok took its place. I really enjoyed the new decor, friendly owner and staff, and the food was really good (Singpore rice noodles with Shrimp). I recommend this place to my friends and family now.  

                This is a very clean, nicely decorated, but very tiny little place. It is by far WAY WAY too bright for dinner service though. My family and I visited Thanksgiving weekend. It was dead. That being said, our service was over the top,as in WAY too attentive. I didn't know that was even possible but we had 3 people literally walking, circling our table to top off drinks. The food was decent, every dish had a sweetness to i (which I was fine with but my husband and son thought was strange)t, the hot & sour soup, the fried rice, and  the General's Chicken. The Mongolian Beef was not sweet, it was just ok. The portions were VERY small. I say that as my family of four always order and eat Chinese food "family style" These dishes were barely enough for 2 portions. I didn't dislike the place until an Asian couple came in (now there are 2 total tables being occupied). They spoke in Chinese, their order came out and they had ordered some of the same things we did, Hot & Sour soup, fried rice and Mongolian Beef~~ they honestly were give DOUBLE what we had been given for a family of 4. I was very offended and can't help but feel a little discrimination. I won't go back.  The pictures of the food submitted by "Jason" need to be noted that he works for them. The food was prepared nicely but nothing like these pictures. Juana S. pictures are realistic. Kinda sad they felt the need to embellish. Jason's pics show black granite tabletops, thats by the register only, not that it matters right?  *** Jason, the owner, contacted me as you may see . Unfortunately YELP doesn't allow fellow YELPERS to see both sides of that conversation. I must sadly maintain the portion size was SO DRAMATICALLY different, and the menu did not offer the options of "small, medium or large". I don't want excuses. The Asian couple was being difficult so the staff satisfied them with larger portions. PERIOD. So sad to see this same location change hands over and over again. There are real positives about Amazing Wok, unfortunately their ability to admit their indiscretions is not one of them. I do wish them the best of luck and hope they use our incident to rethink the meaning of being Politically Correct.  

                First time there and the service and food was great. We had the Pot sticker and my seven year old gave it a thumbs up. We also tried the Lettuce Chicken Wrap, Noddle soup and Combo Chow mein and all tasted great. Will defiantly be back.  

                Delicious food, fast service. Great size portions for dinner and lunch.  

                This is a tasty Chinese restaurant that is far superior to others in the area that deliver.  Fast, friendly service, fresh food & SO good.  

                We accidentally found this place when the Thai place nearby was closed for the evening.  This is solid westernized Chinese food - which isn't a bad thing at all.  We've been quite a few times and everything we've had has been great.  Our favorites include the Hot&Sour Soup and the Onion cakes.  However, ever thing else has been top notch as well.  Highly recommended.  

                As a Chinese, we know the taste of  sour ( like vinegar) and food turned sour. It's absolutely the problem of supplies , tofu and pineapple, not the chef's cooking.  Don't treat  your customer as a fool, put a lie over a lie to cover it.  

                Amazing Wok serves very fresh and good tasting food. We've tried their salt & pepper wing, and a couple other dishes. The chefs here are from Canton, which means that they are good with steamed and non-spicy dishes.  They really deserve the 4.5 stars they have. I would round up and give them 5 stars except that it would be the same rating I gave Yiping. But Yiping serves quite a bit better quality and tasting food than Amazing Wok, so I'm rounding down and giving Amazing Wok 4 stars.  

                The food is okay and could be better if the guy, who is the owner, smiles and greets customers with a happy face. He should be welcoming his customers. The portion is inconsistent. The food is sometimes too salty. Too bad, I kind of liked this place, but I have changed my mind.  

                great service, was empty when we went for lunch.. would recommend!  portions were fine, so not sure what other reviewers were talking about.  i had the general chicken and was very tasty!  

                Of course I find this gem less than a week before we move back to Chicago.  I was tired of the other Chinese place nearby and went to Amazing Wok today.  I was greeted by what I assume was the owner.  He took my order and guided me well through the menu.  I left to fill up the car with gas and came back 5 minutes later.  My food was not ready so the owner offered me a free hot and sour soup.  I got home to a wonderful mongolian chicken and fantastic hot and sour soup.  This place is by far the best Chinese in Danville.  

                In a nutshell - I didn't feel like cooking so I went over to Amazing Wok down the street.   Jason, the owner was so friendly, funny, & accommodating.  I sat at their little bar & had a Kirin (perfect size glass & sparkling clean) while waiting for my take-out order.  I hadn't even finished my drink & our order was ready.  Our food was delicious.  We had the Seafood Sizzling Soup, Special Beef, and Chow Mein.    I look forward to our next meal there.  

                Best Chinese food I've had in years.  

                We ordered two dishes the food was fresh, tender and tasty. Nice ambience. We'll be back.  

                We've moved a year ago from San Francisco and have been looking for a good Chinese restaurant.  Tried them all and were very disappointed until Amazing Wok came along.  Our favorite go-to Chinese restaurant in Danville. My daughter loves their mapo tofu.  Some of our other favorites are delicious spicy garlic eggplant, moo shu beef, honey walnut prawns and all of the poultry dishes.  

                Excited to try this new neighborhood Chinese Restaurant.  Nice owner, fast service and excellent food!  We'll be back.  

                This is one of the BEST Chinese restaurants in and around the Bay Area. They serve Mandarin style Chinese food. I'm from the Philippines where a quarter of the population is Chinese and Chinese food is mostly Mandarin. The place is clean, service great and food awesome. I highly recommend this place.  

                So glad we discovered this place on Yelp. Best Chinese we've had in a long time. We'll be regulars.  

                I've been to this place many, many times and the food and service have always been perfect so I decided to host my baby's 1 year old party there a few weeks ago.  They accomodated about 40 people and even offered to make some specialized dishes that were not on the menu based on my likings!  My friends and families were really impressed with the food and service.  Since we had so many guests, they recommended 10 dishes, buffet style.  The experience was just perfect and fits right into my budget!  Thanks Amazing Wok:)  

                Our family experience has always been great. It is hard to find a restaurant that has everything you want cooked they way you prefer. For example, Amazing Wok used to cook these awesome fried prawns with nice batter and crunch but it seems lots of other customers preferred panko so they switched to please the majority which is cool. The prawns are still good but it goes to show they are willing to change the way food is prepared to please the majority of the clientele. We have enjoyed great customer service, good food and overall a really good balance between customer service, food and price...isn't that what it is all about. We love their West Lake Soup, Ginger Fish, Chow Mein, Fried Rice, thin wrapper pot stickers, spinach dumplings and the other dishes we have tried over the year.  

                Amazing! I've been there many times like his other regulars.  The dishes are creative and delicious as well as ample.  Get your comfort food here  What makes it more amazingly special is that Jason will make changes to each dish to optimize your enjoyment.  Jason puts the satisfaction of his customers as a priority. That's why his food is so great and his serves is top notch.  Please try this Chinese restaurant for you.  

