                San Leandro finally got a restaurant that really knows how to cook and prepare delicious Mexican food. I ordered the machaca con huevos and it was on point. My sister ordered carnitas - also on point. the server brought fresh hand made corn tortillas with both of our plates and we devoured every single one. (Not sure if handmade tortillas are an exclusive weekend treat but please make note that we went on a Sunday.)   Keep up the great work, Ana Rosa team!  

                PLACE - The place was pretty small, and it was kinda of a miracle that we found a table.  FOOD - They had refried beans dip! Bomb! So good. My steak was on point too!  SERVICE - Pretty slow, no doubt, but they were attentive. Tortillas came out late.   PRICE - Average amount for what was given.   GO BACK? - The food was definitely delicious, will return for more bean dip!  

                On Saturday, 12/27/14, I ate at Ana Rosa's Mexican Restaurant for breakfast. I've been on a mission to find the best taqueria in San Leandro. So far I've experienced mediocre results.   Atmosphere/Decor:  Ana Rosa'a is a small restaurant. It's a sit down type of place which doesn't make since to me because of it's size and it reminds me of a taqueria than an actual Mexican Restaurant. The place looked kinda dirty. The table I sat at had food on it. They must have not cleaned the table the night before which is pretty gross. The waitress noticed pieces of food crumbs and salsa on my table. She cleaned it off the table before she gave me a menu. I give her credit for doing that. But still, all tables should be cleaned and have no food on them. I was the first customer in the restaurant right at 9 am when they opened their doors.   Food:  I ordered the triple item plate, shredded beef enchilada, Carne Asada soft taco, Chile Verde soft taco, carnitas crispy taco and beans and rice. The shredded beef enchilada was good. The actual shredded beef tasted good. The enchilada sauce was decent, nothing special. The Carne Asada taco was my favorite. The meat had good flavor and tasted good. It wasn't fatty at all. The Chile Verde taco was good as well. The pork was tender and the Verde sauce was on the mild side which I liked. The beans and rice were okay. The beans were actually a lil too spicy for me. I've never tasted beans at a Mexican Restaurant that were spicy. This was a first for me. I ate everything except for my carnitas crispy taco because the waitress said they are still cooking it. I waited almost 15 minutes for my crispy taco. I was already done eating the other items. Before I received my carnitas crispy taco I had Ana Rosa's at a solid 4 star rating. After seeing and eating my carnitas taco the overall rating dropped to a 2! The crispy taco shell was inedible and literally closed shut! The taco shell looked horrible! It was all disfigured. They couldn't even fry a dang taco shell right! They piled cabbage on top of the taco because they couldn't put it inside the taco because the shell was fried shut! U couldn't even see the actual carnitas! The shell was beyond overcooked and hard. I broke the taco shell apart and just ate the carnitas by itself. The carnitas was drenched in oil and tasted horrible. I don't understand why they would serve a shitty looking taco like this and horrible tasting carnitas to a customer.   Service:  The lady that sat me down and took my order was nice. She had to notice the herendous looking crispy taco she served me. I can't believe she actually served me that piece of nasty looking crap!  Overall:  Ana Rosa'a is not authentic Mexican Food. An authentic Mexican restaurant knows how to prepare a simple taco shell but Ana Rosa's couldn't even do that! And the carnitas was soaked in oil and tasted horrible! I don't see how this place has a 4 star rating on YELP. I won't be back and I'm done trying new taqueria in San Leandro because most of them are garbage!  

                Great food, fast friendly service, amazing bean dip.  Being new to the area we have been on the hunt for a new, go to, mexican restaurant, Ana Rosa's may have hit the mark.  I had the Shrimp Fajitas and my other half had the fish tacos. We were both pleased with our dishes and the handmade tortillas.  

                The waitress is really slow. I thought she was just like that one day coz maybe she's tired.. But no she got a bad customer service star. I like the blonde mexican one, she knows how to talk to her customers.. And do her job fast but efficient.  

                Hole in the wall, authentic restaurant. Really good crispy chips that come with a bean dip and a spicy salsa. I wanted to try their chile relleno but they were out. Darn!   The pastor tacos are flavorful, tender and one of the best I've had. The enchiladas were full of tender well seasoned chicken - both the rojo and verde sauce were good, but I preferred the rojo. I kind of wish they had housemade agua frescas but sometimes you can't have it all.  

                Tried them twice now and while the food was ok it took 20+ mins to come , they got my tortillas wrong both times and each time I paid for extra meat and got a standard size  Fail  

                A small sit in authentic restaurant.  You get free chips and salsa when you arrive. The service is quick and friendly.  Unfortunately, on our first visit there, there was a man on a ladder going through the ceiling messing with wires.  First he was near the register then ge migrated close to a table with people sitting there.  Not sure if he was even a licensed electrician.  I ordered the margarita ($5.95) and it was sour and salty.  Not sure if I would even consider it as a margarita.  I wished i didn't order the drink since I probably gained 2000 calories from it.  I chose rhe 2 item dish with enchilada and tostada ($9). Tasty and flavorful.  My better half ordered the super burrito wet style with both green and red sauce ($8.50) He say ge didn't enjoy the flavors as much as some other mexican joints we've been to but he still ate it anyways.   Another thing missing is a salsa bar.  Unlimited pico da gallo is a must! I think I will stick to my usual mexican spot in SL.  

                Why have I not been here before?! This place is just a block away from my house and I've passed this little unassuming restaurant countless times. I found this place via trusty yelp and the husband and I decided to try it out this afternoon. I couldn't have been happier to discover this place.   Pulling up to the place we weren't sure if it was open due to construction going on on the outer part of the building and all the windows in the small strip mall were covered with plastic. But upon further notice there was a sign that said open during construction.  We entered the restaurant and was told by the waitress that we can have a seat anywhere we liked. The place is pretty small and the decor was bright and definitely showed that yes this is a mexican restaurant. We were given a basket of chips and a bowl of salsa and bean dip. Oh the bean dip! That stuff is addicting! My husband couldn't stop eating it and he's not typically a bean eater. Put it this way he finished the dip and asked in a joking way if he could lick the bowl LOL.  They had a nice selection of dishes to choose from and I had a hard time deciding what I wanted to order. Since it was our first time here I ordered the 3 item combo. I chose a carnita sope, chicken flauta, and a chicken tamal. The husband ordered a carne asada super burrito and we also ordered 4 tacos to share (chorizo, carnita, and tripas). This was a massive amount of food! I did bring some food home. Our eyes were definitely bigger than our stomach.   The food was pretty damn good. The husband kept saying he couldn't believe how generous they were with the meat in the burrito. I tried it and was happy with how well balanced the seasonings and filling was. My order was huge and everything was good. However, my absolute favorite thing I ate here was the tripa tacos. The tripas were crispy and paired with their awesome corn tortillas. Tripa tacos are my favorite and I usually order them from Guadalajara taqueria but these tripa tacos are the absolute best! I told the husband I'd never go back to Guadalajara taqueria for my tripa tacos again and I find it kind of ironic since I left a review yesterday saying I loved them there. Sorry Guadalajara, until you get on Ana Rosa's level, I wont be back for your tacos.  My only complaints are the red sauce on the tamal was really bland to me. Also, the little bit of salsa on top of the sope and flauta didn't have much flavor or spice but I fixed that by putting some of the salsa that came with the chips on it. Besides those two minor details it was a very good lunch.  I will definitely be back to this place  

                Love this place it's close to my house and the food is delicious authentic Mexican food! They give you hot bean dip with chips so good ! Also the pupusas are a way to start to your day ! The carne asada tacos are good can't beat the price either !  My boyfriend got the lengua tacos. Always great service ! If it wasn't for the laundromat next door I would have never found the place !  

                My friend recently moved to San Leandro, and I was visiting her one day. We decided to go out for some Mexican food and saw the good reviews on Yelp so we came here. The service was super slow. They took over 15 minutes to get us water and take our order. Then we waited over 30 minutes for our food. The restaurant was packed, perhaps because everyone was waiting for their food. Fortunately, the food made up for the poor service. I ordered the supreme burrito with Carne Asada and it was the BEST burrito I have ever had! It was on a huge plate when it came out. I'm a small girl, but that burrito was probably a foot long, and I couldn't even wrap my two hands around it. It was really big. I had no idea how I was going to eat it, so I ended up using the butter knife and cutting it up into smaller sections then just using a fork to eat it. The burrito was so good! The steak was amazing! Can't wait to go back and take my boyfriend. I know he'll love it.  

                Ordered a pick up order of the birria con arroz y frijoles and the chilaquiles and must I say they were outstanding! I loved everything!  Usually I'm not good with choosing chilaquiles because I always think nobody can do them better or as spicy as my moms but they were marvelous. Not too spicy to handle, just about right.  

                We love this place, food is great, waitresses are friendly, love Maria! Down fall is space is small and wait time to order and receive food varies, with long wait times the last few weeks we've gone. Seems like the overall experience would benefit from more than one waitress working during the week. The great food keeps us coming back, so I hope the service improves to keep us loyal customers.  

                Pluses, Open late night Serves beans with the chips while you wait for food  Negative(s) Service was really... Inattentive. Parking sucked Food ehh Long wait  

                Found this place one night after landing at the Oakland airport. Wanted to fill my belly with a burrito and yelp led me here.  Glad it did. Place is unassuming from the outside, but there is decent parking. It isn't exactly the Taj Mahal inside either. But the service is prompt, tables are clean, and the staff is friendly.  In addition to chips and salsa, they start you with a bean dip that is pretty tasty. My burrito was excellent. I was burping it a bit later that night, but totes worth it for burritogoodness.   3.5 stars. Rounding up to 4.  

                Came here once and I didn't like the prices or the food. And to top it off they got my order wrong. I don't plan on coming here again.  

                It's mostly positive- my only complaints are the tv's going, limited seating and somewhat long wait for food if it's crowded.  The positives are strong- bean dip and salsa are delicious.  Their tacos al pastor are absolutely amazing.  

                Always room available to pick where you'd like to sit. I always order an orange juice and mole enchiladas and for sure their BEANS ARE ONE OF A KIND!! I highly recommend them, give them a try plus waiters are very friendly.  

                Great Mexican food,  I ordered a carne asada burrito and it was the bomb!!!! They hooked it up with the meat.  The tripa tacos are to die for  lol  

                Our go- to place for delicious Mexican food. Try the Ana Rosa's pastor tacos. . Their house made corn tortillas are excellent too.  

                This is definitely one of the hidden gems of the Bay Area. This place is somewhat out of the way - not even in the central strip of San Leandro, which in and of itself is bit out of the way. But, I have to admit, this place is solid!  It's one of those places where you can't rate one way or another based on looks. Based on the food, however, very solid!  One of my favorites is the bean dip that comes with the chips ... it's bit watery, but slightly smoked in flavor and is one of the most savory dips I've ever had!  I personally feel like that alone is a cause for a visit.   The main dishes are authentic, and fabulously tasty. Again, forget the ambiance and the setting, which is kind of dank.  The food, though, man!  The staff is somewhat harried because they are always rushing around, but are cheerful, helpful, and wear smile.  

                Shhhh...this is the best Mexican place in the Dro! It's set in a pretty run-down corner strip mall so it's easy to pass up but the interior is cozy. Best of all the food is the bomb!  There are many items on the menu but I generally stick to the burritos. Compared to Los Pericos and La Guadalajara (more well-known taquerias in the area) this place is far superior. The carnitas have the that crispiness and spiciness on the outside that all those other joints lack. They just put more care into their food and it easily shows.  The staff is super friendly whether you dine in or take out. Let everyone else go to those other taquerias but those in the know should come here instead.  

                Good, local, small restaurant. Yes, nice they offer the bean dip. The meats are grilled/made tasty. The service could seriously be faster though but I don't think the owners really care.  

                Great food good prices real traditional food no wonder why I gave them five stars who wouldn't  

                The best Mexican food in San Leandro. Good service and I love their lunch menu. Daily specials are decently priced and yummy too.  

                I' d probably eat here every day if there was any possible way of not gaining wait!! Delicious!!! can't go wrong with any entrée, but SOMETIMES the foods a little salty.. but that's rare or at least it has never happened to me.lol  

                I really like the people that work here, and I've liked all the different things I've ordered. It tastes home-made and delicious.  When you pull into the parking lot and first lay eyes on the place, remember those famous words, "never judge a book by its cover." Then, when you walk inside, same thing. Sit down, order a Mexican beer, eat some of their yummy home-made chips with bean dip and salsa, look over the extensive menu, and then place an order to-go so maybe you will be gone before I arrive; the place is kinda small.  

                This place is the definition of traditional amazing Mexican food. I went here a few months ago and have brought every person I know to give it a whirl. I recommend their burritos they are amazing can't go wrong at Anna's.  

                Whoever said they stick to the burritos here is really missing out!  My favorite is the Chipotle Chicken soup.  It's served with tortillas - handmade corn tortillas are terrific - rice, and avocado.  On the spicy side and yum.  Other great gems: pupusas, chile rellenos, ceviche,  chilaquiles, and oh yeah the burritos are good too.  It can be slow, so be prepared for that and go when it doesn't matter to you.  Take out can be slow too because they prioritize the customers in the restaurant, which is great.  Friendly, authentic, delicious, in short a special place.  

                The food was OK, nothing to brag about. $4 for fish tacos are kinda pricey. Could have gone to the taco truck for better tacos for half the price.  

                Sooooo GOOODDDD!!!!!   Homemade tortillas!!! And there asada plate with fries sooo delicious !!!!!!!  

                This place has simply amazing food! The salsa is perfectly spicy, and the food is 100% authentic. The restaurant itself is small, and just divey enough to be promising but not sketchy. It might not look like much from the outside but this is some of the best Mexican food I have had in a LONG time.  

                GREAT REAL FOOD!!! It's like yo momma just made dinner!!!! I NEVER WRITE REVIEWS I usually just use this to get discounts on places that offer a deal but yeah this place is BOMB!!!=]  

                Best MEXICAN FOOD in San Leandro! Hands down! Super friendly family-owned vibe, fresh specials, calm and bright atmosphere, easy parking, and always a smile to greet you! Fresh squeezzed orange juice is my fav, and the beans they serve (complimentary) while you wait ARE TO DIE FOR. Thank the lord for lard.  

                Very delicious Mexican foods. Hole-in-the-wall and authentic. Amazing salsa made on site. My Mexican friends introduced me to this place and I  have yet to discover a place that tops their cooking.  

                came with some friends that recommended this place. I am use to going to La Pinata but the food here is MUCH better. When you sit you get a bean dip (yummy) and a hot salsa (also yummy) and some chips which were good to.  Ordered the diablo burrito with shredded beef, and let me tell you it is freakin BIG!   This burrito was full of beef which was so good and tasty. The atmosphere is small, not a party place or people watching place. The food took a while but its because its made to order. The prices are ridiculously cheap (no complaints here). The service was good, there was only one server and she was nice. This place is well known and gets pretty packed. Definitely  great Mexican food.  

                Ah! Ana rosas! We love you! Always cheap and a good deal here. We can completely stuff ourselves for very little money! When you dine in they give you chips and salsa with these fantastic, delicious, humble looking runny beans that are just amazing.   I've had many things from this menu..the burrito is quite good. The cerviche-style dish (It comes in a goblet!) with shrimp/octopus and avocado is pretty tasty if you want something different. But usually I get a combo plate with two pupusas and a taco. The pupusas are really really yummy, and they usually have at least four kinds for you to choose from. Delicious cheese pockets!! The taco is usually pretty small, a couple bites,  though I've occasionally been surprised with a full-sized one (I'm not sure of the reason for this size variation). However, every part of the taco is perfect, the homemade tortilla sublime, the meat perfectly grilled (my choice is always carnitas) and the wonderful little vinegarey pickeled salad the give on the side is just right.   In short: something for everyone! Many interesting specials on the wall here too, that I will have to try someday. I really like this place!!! *heart*  

                This mom and pop shop in a strip mall off East 14th is one I've driven past for decades.  Thanks to Yelp reviews, we decided to check it out for dinner.  After braving the moat in the parking lot and trying to maneuver around senior citizens with laundry in tow, we entered this cozy place(I actually wondered if they  had tables since it looks so small from outside) We asked for horchata(courteously offered in a covered cup to our preschooler) and enjoyed the chips, salsa, and bean dip.  They even made fresh pico de gallo after we asked for it.  My daughter had a red chicken enchilada a la carte and finished 95% of it. I had the chicken tamale and red chicken enchilada combo. Rather than typical green salad, it came with pickled spicy veggies.  My boyfriend had the asada taco and burrito.  Filling and satisfying, not bland and Americanized.  We may still head to East Oakland for flavor but this place will do if we stay in our neighborhood.     I do recommend street parking  for as long as they don't fix that crazy puddle in the lot.  

                I've been driving by this place for years. Finally noticed the yelp reviews and decided to try it out. Had the carnitas soft taco and a red sauce enchilada with deshebrada. The wife had the chicken flauta and we split a laroco papusa. All of it was very good and the service was great. I liked that the papusa had lots of laroco (more than I've ever gotten before) and the carnitas had plenty of crunchy bits. I'll be back for sure.  

                Regular burrito is tasty but it comes with sour cream. Yuck. That's just my personal preference. I docked two stars because I called in for a pickup at 10:00pm. Place closes at 11:00pm. I came at 10:30. All the lights are closed inside. They actually closed but luckily the employee in the parking lot in her car saw me. She had to knock for the cleaners to open the door. They mopped the floor so it was super slippery. Sign & online hours say restaurant closes at 11:00 but she decided to close early because business was slow. She didn't apologize. So if I came here one minute later during their supposed "open" hours, I wouldn't have gotten my burrito even though I came in here half an hour before their posted closing time.  

                Warm Fresh Made Tortilla Chips... two thumbs up Carne Asada.. dry Carnitas.. fatty rice.. had jalapenos beans .. had jalepenos Steak Ranchero... HOT!! Everything had jalapenos.. . :o(  no bueno I love Mexican food, hell I'm Mexican, but don't like biting into jalapenos so everything in this place was not for me.  The search continues..  

                I am a pretty new customer at Ana Rosa's, but I am already a fan!  I have taken out a few times already, and every time, the food has been hot, fresh, and authentic.  I definitely prefer this place over Los Pericos and Taqueria Guadalajara.  Ana Rosa's is a bit more "homey", and the woman who takes the orders is very friendly and patient.  I like their large selections of sopas, and pleased that they serve margaritas (although I haven't had one yet).  Definitely, a "hidden gem" in San Leandro.  

                Really good. Homemade tortillas. I had the corn, not to thick, good flavor and hot. Garlic shrimp had plenty of garlic... No need to worry about vampires here... lol. Got in just in time as it got packed within the half hour. Not a large place but clean and friendly. I will go back and try something different next time. It was a toss up between the 3 combo of chile rellenos, flauta and tamale so that is my next meal.  

                50 reviews with nothing less than 3 stars, what's that tell ya? It's small. It's quaint. Poor parking. The food is made from scratch and is both authentic and genuine. The flavors and quality are outstanding. Service is wonderful and very friendly. I believe it is the best Mexican food in San Leandro.  

                LOVE ANA ROSA's! Definitely a hidden gem in San Leandro.  My company orders catering from them all the time and it never dissapoints! Small and quaint, but dont let that fool you.  

                Best Mexican restaurant in San Leandro.  

                I am torn between a 3 star and 4 star rating. The food was good. It all seemed very fresh and authentic and reminded me of when I lived in Mexico.  The service was great and you definitely know you are supporting a family business.  It is definitely a hole in the wall place that has not focused in on ambiance. It could be spruced up and really charming with a coat of paint and a picture or two (Sorry. I'm having a girl moment.) There is a TV there to keep up with any sporting events going on. Definitely some of the best Mexican food I have found in the bay area so far. I wouldn't travel miles to get there, but if you are in the area you won't be disappointed.  

                Best Mexican food in Bay Area. The wet burrito with their diablo sauce is amazing. Everything thing tastes very fresh and homemade.  

                my first review... ate here a few weeks ago with some friends, and it was YUMMY.  They have homemade tortillas that were super good.  small but quaint atmosphere, the staff was certainly friendly.  

                Homemade tortillas....that always means it's good!!! I'm normally a carnitas person, but at Ana Rosa's I have to get a carna asada quesadilla on their homemade tortillas! Tacos were also good, friend had a burrito that was also good. Beans are good, and pretty much everything I've tasted/seen has looked delicious.   Definitely recommend this place!!  

                I had a carne asada burrito. It was tasty, big. The bean dip they give with the chips was really good. The waitress was really nice, pleasant. Parking was easy. The noise from the tv and the radio at the same time was really annoying. Overall, A-OK.  

                Get the Huaraches..  

                Nice place with the bombest michiladas in town. I heart this place  

                This place tastes great!  Dont' get me wrong, the burrito was stacked with carne asada, sour cream, and guacamole.  Its also nice that its open late. The workers are very friendly.  The only downside here is that my single burrito cost almost ten dollars.  This forces me to recommend Taqueria Guadalajara down the street.  

                Really a great neighborhood Mexican place. Came here with a buddy for lunch. He said his chile relleno was the best he'd ever had. My enchilada was great, too. Tacos were a little bland, but the salsa helped out. They do give you chips, salsa, and a dish of refried beans when you sit down.   Lunch for two, under $20.  

                Ana Rosa's is one of those places where you don't know it's there till you're practically next to it.  I passed this place without so much as a glance for several years (while picking up my daughter from the neighboring school~Mckinley).  It wasn't until I was robbed at Gunpoint that I heard about this restaurant.  Yesee, while the SLPD Officer and I were waiting in the Squadcar to 'ID' the suspects, we got on the subject of Mexican food and I asked him what the local cops ate.  He informed me that "Ana Rosa's is, hands down, the best Mexican restaurant in San Leandro".  Pretty bold statement, even for one who enforces the law.  Fast forward a few days later when the Mexican food-craving came back.  I walked over to the restaurant with my son and we were met with the sights, sounds, and smells of tasty Mexican goodness.  On the TVs; was a Spanish Soap, on the Jukebox; Classical Mexican music, and Ana Rosa (in the flesh).  What more could you want (other than free beer and tacos)?  We sat at a table and had fresh salsa, bean dip, and crispy chips within minutes of arriving.  We were pleasantly surprised how delicious the salsa/chips/beandip combo was and it was quickly devoured.  More chips literally materialized (magically) before we could ask for them.    Oh man...the SALSA: it was full of greens (yes, I'm that ignorant of what goes into salsa) and had enough bite to give me the sniffles.  I've sampled a number of different salsa's in the San Leandro and this is, by far, the best I've had since moving from San Diego.  It ain't 'Fidels' Salsa, but 'best in Northern Cal' would be a worthy title.   I ordered the chicken Enchiladas (Enchiladas de Pollo) and the boy had a cheeseburger because that's how he rolls (and I've given up on trying to force him to try new things).  Our food arrived within the next 15 minutes (roughly).  It was hot (temperature), colorful, and worthy of several eye-rolls of delicious enjoyment...that good!  I didn't ask the boy how his cheeseburger was, but he ate it without comment, so I take that as a 'win'.    I'm no expert on Mexican food, but the meal was garnished unlike any others I've seen since being in a restaurant IN Mexico.  I would feel comfortable saying that it's as authentic as you can get without needing your passport.   Plus, I have never been in this restaurant without seeing more than a few Mexican families enjoying their meals.  In conclusion, I will continue to eat at this place until I move away.  If I stay in SLO, then I would be willing to go out of my way to visit.  My only 'take-away' from this place is the limited seating.  Not a big deal, so I give Ana Rosa's 4.5 Stars.  Hope you enjoy the place as much as I do.  

                Ana Rosa's is terrific!  We've been searching for an authentic Mexican restaurant since San Gaspar's closed (due to a fire; it is being rebuilt).  A friend recommended this restaurant and we found the food to be amazing.    First off, our wait server was the same woman who worked at Gaspar's and she remembered us.  I ordered the shrimp fajitas and my husband ordered the Mexican-style chicken enchiladas.  A basket of crisp and warm chips arrived with both a wonderful bean dip and a salsa.    The fajitas were probably the best I've had with large, tender prawns and the tortillas are homemade.  All the accompaniments were fresh and perfectly prepared.  My husband, who worked in Central America for seven years and is picky about his Mexican food, said his enchiladas were 'fantastic' and said he'd return to Ana Rosa's 'again, again and again.'  Our server brought us flan and it was rustic in appearance and delicious.  Ana Rosa's is super casual and could be described as a hole-in-the wall.   We had Pho at the neighboring Vietnamese restaurant last year and never noticed Ana Rosa's around the corner on the inside of the parking lot.  If you're looking for authentic Mexican food, this is the place.  

                Excellent tortillas and ceviche.   Carne asada was ordered medium and came out very tough and well done. (tasted like it was reheated from lunch).  Whole fish was over cooked also.  Should have sent the meat and fish back but we were too tired and hungry.  

                This was a great find - I must have driven past it hundreds of times and never noticed it, but I thought I'd try it after seeing the reviews.  The food's great.  I haven't had enchiladas made just the way I like them for a long time.  The waitress / cash register gal was very pleasant.  As far as I can tell you can sit and she'll take your order or you can just order at the register.   They're making a lot of stuff up fresh which means they're not particularly fast.  Not glacial or anything, just think "restaurant" and not "taqueria" and you'll have the right mental image for speed, but don't expect tablecloths either - it's more of a basic setup with some tables and some booths.  

                THIS PLACE IS SO GREAT!! My boyfriend and I just moved to the area, and were looking for good mexican food, and found this place through yelp. We come from an area where there is really great mexican on every corner- and this place blows them all out of the water! My boyfriend got the carne asada burrito, and it was the best I have ever had in my life. It was so flavorful and perfectly cooked. Makes me wonder what I've been eating that passes for carne asada all my life. AND their tortillas are all hand made, which just made everything so perfect. My chicken mole was served with corn tortillas, and I would have been just as happy if they just gave me a plate of tortillas. My mother got a tostada, and said it was the best she had ever had simply because of the homemade tortilla.   When we walked in, we were a little hesitant, because its small and has the atmosphere of a taqueria, where people don't generally come to sit and eat. The waitress was really nice, but not really in a rush. The building was mainly the kitchen- and looks like they spend all their money and effort on the food, instead of the atmosphere. Which I am perfectly fine with, because it's worth it. It felt like we were sitting in someone's kitchen and they were cooking a special meal just for us.   Seriously, go here. You'll thank me.  

                i really like this place and the owners are also sweethearts.  

                esta  rica  la  comida,.,  pero se  tardan muncho  en servir  la  comida,.,.  

                The mole is off the hook.   The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the atmosphere is kind of plastic, but the food is awesome.  I recommend getting it to go.  

                This place has the best popusa. I will come back to this restaurant  

                What a find! The food is very good but wow! They handmake their own torillas! My wife hasn't had fresh, handmade tortillas since she was a little girl living in New Mexico. We are very impressed!  

                Tortilla, tortilla, tortilla!  No more tortillas from El Pollo Loco, Taco Bell, nor the package deal at Albertsons, Vons or Safeways! I had been missing the authentic tortillas since the day I left Rosarita, Mexico five years ago.   Finally, finally, I found it in San Leandro, CA, USA.  

                San Leandro is not quite known for its culinary delights... So when I entered a search for Mexican food on Yelp, I was not optimistic. I was routed to Ana Rosa's where I had the most delicious super burrito I could ask for. The strip mall it's in is a little sketch, but don't let it deter you from this gem! The staff is also super nice and it a great dining experience. I definitely will be returning!  

                ana rosa's claims to be "authentic" mexican. 2 mounted tv's tuned to mex. tv. 2 mexican murals adorn the walls. decor otherwise nondescript.  sightings: tacos (1.50) super burritos (7.95) camarones, all types (13), aqua fresca(2)  sampling:  regular carna asada burritos(5) burrito looked a foot long, came with chip and salsa. meat a little chewy but overall the burrito was pretty tasty. fresh tasting.  frijoles refritos: -ana roas used to be in oaktown on 48th & international. -parking lot cramped, poorly lit. -friendly service -probably ungradeable to 4 stars with more samplings. -pricier than oaktown, in line with 'dro pricing.  

                This little gem in San Leandro is better than it appears. It's easily hidden next to the Oasis Laundry right on E14th. I've been coming here for a few years now and I consistently love it.   Ok I'm a bit of a bore person when it comes to ordering from taquerias so what I do gravitate to at this place is the carne asada burrito with cheese or the carnitas torta, both are super yummy. Just a note, the salsa is awesome and the chips are good, I'm a stickler about chips btw....And the seasoning on the beef is superb although a bit on the fatty side, but heck it's a burrito and if you have them chop some jalapeños in there then you're golden!!  

                Buenos Dias Muchos.    I was a visitor to your area last August and this was one of the places I ate I really liked the place.  The staff was accommodating.  I saw mole on the board, but didn't want that much food, so she offered to make me a burrito from it.  It was good.  The chips, salsa & bean dip were good and I had to make sure I saved room for the burrito.  Also she made sure my drink glass was kept full.    I'm coming back to San Leandro for a visit in a week, and I plan on hitting this place.  

                We have lived in San Leandro for over 2 years now.  We have tried many Mexican restaurants over these years and had given up hope...until tonight.  I had a simple plate of a cheese enchilada and chicken flauta and my wife had a veggie burrito.  Both very simple, yet delicious and above all FRESH.  We will definitely be back!  

                The woman at Ana Rosa's greeted us with a friendly smile and invited us to sit at one of the formica tables. When I spotted the soda fountain with agua fresca, I felt hopeful. Right off the bat, I ordered horchata hoping I might find a decent horchata outside of San Diego.  My friend and I felt particularly hungry because we had a difficult time finding the little strip mall where this taqueria is located. A huge pho house dominates the strip mall, the taqueria sits just south of the pho house. The ample portions more than filled our bellies as we ended up taking leftover rice and beans home.  I feel a need for green when I eat in order to keep things flowing if you know what I mean. I ordered the green salad and it fell into what I call the chop chop salad. It comes out of bag at Safeway and they served it with Italian dressing out of a bottle. I'm glad that they salad on the menu at all as taquerias generally aren't known for having salad.  The free salsa tasted great, refried bean dip not so much and the chips generally had a nice crispness. The guacamole which I ordered had a strong lime flavor. I might order it again.   I ordered two tacos: pastor and pollo. The homemade tortillas had great texture and flavor though the meat tasted fairly bland. The side of radish, a single slice of jalapeño, some onion and a little lime accompanied the tacos. The guacamole and salsa that I got with the chips livened up the tacos. The refried beans felt like they came from a can though I couldn't really tell. Each taco cost $3. Rice and refried beans cost $3. That's $9 for two tacos with rice and beans. I can get three tacos (though a bit smaller) with fresh tortillas and a choice of beans for $6.75 at Picante in Berkeley.   The horchata was sweet but not overpowering. It lacked the kind of creaminess and cinnamon flavor that I hoped to get but still it was good enough to finish off.   My friend got the goat. The goat had good flavor--not at all gamey--though it didn't strike me as a distinct dish. More or less, it tasted like stewed beef. The plate cost $10.   If I worked across the street from this taqueria, I would probably try to get to know the hostess and explore the menu to see if they had tricks up their sleeve. Not frequenting the area very often, I'll try out another place next time.  

                Since Dec 2012, we have been here at least 6 times for lunch.  This food is de-lish!  The $1.50 tacos are great and so is everything else we have had.  

                Ana Rosa's is somewhere between Taqueria Guadalajara and Los Pericos... By that I mean it's physically located on E. 14th between the two. In all seriousness though it surpasses both of these SLangdro taqueria staples in quality and quantity.   The super burrito is so huge here that I could barely finish it on a good day, and can't take it down on an average day. For only a dollar or so more than Guads or Pericos you get almost twice as much burrito. I thought my eyes were gonna pop out of the sockets when they brought it out... I like my carnitas a little more tender than they serve it here, but it was still delicious. Squirt some of their house sauce on and you have the biggest best burrito you can get in SL. The sauce really makes the food sing.   The house salsa is off the hook in both flavor and spice. I wanted to eat the whole bowl, but I would have needed a few gallons of water. Fortunately they also give you beans to dip your chips in and drown out some of the heat. Ana Rosa's also has the best horchata I've ever had. Sweet, refreshing cinnamon-y goodness!   Bottom Line: This little known place was a big surprise, and I was pretty reluctant to share it with y'all, but here it is. One try and this will be your new burrito spot in SL, maybe even all East Bay.  

                This is one of our 2 favorite Mexican restaurants in SL.  My favorites are the Costillas en Salsa Verde, the carnitas burrito and the tacos.  Their beans are delicious and they serve them as a dip with the chips while you wait. Hmmmmm.  

                Ana, Ana, Ana....   Solid 3.5 stars. I will be back for another try to hopefully give this place another half star.   We took a daring change of pace and ventured out further south on E. 14th St. Instead of stopping at Los Pericos, our usual Taqueria, we decided to try this place due to Yelpers. With the hydraulics lowered an extra inch on the Impala and a new shank strapped in my boot, we were ready.   Located in a small business corner with about 5 shops and 12 parking spaces, we walked in and there were few day laborers who've just gotten done with a long day of work and wanted some nice homely and friendly service and cooking. We got a feel that these were ex-patriots from Los Pericos, but thats just me. We also saw a cute young couple having dinner before a night of salsa. There were about 10 tables and 20 chairs. Small dinning area compared to the kitchen, but clean and typical taqueria styling. Watching Telemundo on the 2 15" tvs mounted in the ceiling helped kill time as we waited for our food, which wasnt too long.   My girl had the tamales - just so so. A little dry and bland. The maze was a little too crumbly. I had the chile colorado. The sauce was a little tart but flavorful, the meat a tad tough. Both were ok though and edible. Definitely tasted like my ex wife's Mexican granmas cooking. The beans fresh, but the rice a little dry and overcooked. Homemade corn tortillas were wonderful and rare, but an awesome treat.  The flan was homemade and that was great, even after 3 days.  I was surprised to see a man cooking our dinners and not Ana herself. I called before hand to verify they were open and after a minor communication problem, I was on the phone with Ana herself.  I was impressed she was there at 9 at night and expecting her to cook my meal - guess not, but no big deal. They have great beer specials. With a horchata and Negro Medelo, we got out of there for $36 including tip.   The place is known for their burritos. So I will be back for a review update to try that and I have high hopes, cause I really want to give this place 4 stars. The service was great and the place has so much potential. I may have been there on an off night. But it may be awhile, as I need to get my burrito fix from Los Pericos out of the way first - which btw steals their thunder.  

                Since they changed management, me and the bf come here at least once a week for mostly dinner and occasionally for breakfast.  Everything that we have ordered is oh so delicious!  My bf is Mexican and therefore a snob when it comes to eating "authentic" mexican food...The owner, Ana Rosa, is from a town 30 minutes outside of the bf's town in Mexico so they have commonality there and she's very sweet and know us already...  Homemade tortillas, gorditas....its so good!! Highly recommend this place!  

                Don't let the handwritten menu specials tucked in behind the register fool you! This may be one of the best hidden gems of authentic Mexican cuisine on this side of the Bay.   Stopped in here for lunch today and had the most amazing Caldo Tlalpeno -- perfectly dried chipotles accented the spicy soup replete with shredded chicken, potatoes and garbanzo beans. A steady stream of local take out customers from this working class section of SL is testament to Ana Rosa's steady hand. The chips were warm and perfectly not too thick nor thin consistency and the salsa was spot on with a fiery aftertaste.   The accompanying bean dip was excellent as well and the waitress who doubled as the cashier,  was polite, attentive and gracious. I noticed they serve birria (goat) here as well which is harder to find at most taquerias so I will definitely be back here, especially since I now work close by.  

                I came here for breakfast last weekend, and ordered the Chiliquiles with Bistek, Rice and Beans.  It was pretty good, not the greatest but at the time it did the job.  If I'm in the area I'd probably try their burritos next time.  

                I love this place. My boyfriend and I always go in to get burritos when we are craving Mexican food. The ladies and guy in there are always super friendly and the food is AWESOME. Great that they are a local business. They have quickly become my favorite place to go when I want a burrito :) And they are open late big bonus  

                Mediocre Mexican food. Not a let down, but nothing excited to try again. However, I will say for that area, it's probably better than anything else you'll come across.  

                First off I have admit that my father and I consider ourselves to be connoisseurs of home style Mexican cuisine. There is over 90 years of Mexican dining experience between the both of us and we strive to find new places all the time. That being said. .  .   Ana Rosa's Autlan, Jalisco Mexico style food is amazing. Her home style cooking and inviting ambiance brings about a sense of being back in moms kitchen. The foundation of any Mexican dish would be beans and rice. Rosa's are some of the best Ive had. I could be content eating them alone any day. The menu offers her take on Seafood, traditional Mexican dishes and some American breakfast and lunch favorites as well.    I highly recommend the 3 item combination plate with a flauta, verde enchilada and beef or chicken tostada. Although you have more items to choose from like tomales, sopes, soft or hard or tacos, quesadillas and  Chile Relleno, this particular 3 item combo is my personal favorite. A delicious way to conquer any hunger!!   My father enjoys the selection of Caldos (soups) offered and will recommend Caldo de Tlalpeno de Pollo (chicken veggie soup).  The small soup is HUGE and comes with rice,  beans and fresh tortillas that are made in house. The size of the "small" bowl may be intimidating but rest assured once you try it, one bowl just wont be enough.   Of course they offer the staples of every taqueria going person like burritos, tacos, quesadillas, tortas and all-natural aguas frescas that will leave you very satisfied for little money. Everything is made in house and fresh daily.   Ive given Roas's 5 stars for offering irresistible food, a warm welcome and maintaining a very affordable experience.  A must if you are in the area!!  

                Great spot, staff is super friendly, I usually go for breakfast burritos.  

                i am INDEED their new NUMBER ONE customer...it upsets me that i passed this place with so much doubt so many times...BY GOLLY is this good food...unexplainable...hella friendly service...the chips and salsa will make your eyes roll in the back of your head...I LOVE IT!!!!  had the regular burrito with carne asada, cheese and sour cream..oh can't forget the jalapeno i had added....OMGSH....  really its the best!!!  

                Wow, wow, wow!  Very, very tasty digs lie here.  I had the chicken sopes.  The chips are fresh, crisp, light and warm.  The salsa is slightly smokey, tangy and assertive.  The rice was great!  The horchatas were well balanced and refreshing and the bill at the end of the meal put a smile on my face.  This is a tiny restaurant on an indiscriminate corner.  Had my husband not stopped at the pho restaurant next door, I never would have known this place existed.  It just so happened that my oldest son abhors pho so I took him to Ana Rosa's.  The first visit was serendipitous, the next visit will be no accident.  

                I tried this place for the first time yesterday.  Has a nice homey feel to it and a very friendly staff.  I ordered the super carne asada burritto at $7.95.  This is a ton of food for the money.  I found the meat a little chewy but well seasoned and the burritto ingredients were well portioned.  The salsa was great, and I love that when you sit down you get both salsa and bean dip with a bowl of nice crispy chips.  Overall I wasn't blown away, but very satisfied.  I'll continue to go here over Los Pericos until I find that hidden 5 star gem.  

                I was a fan of La Cenaduria de Ana Rosa when it was down on International in Oakland, so I was sad to see it shut down. Imagine my surprise to walk into a little hole-in-the-wall place in San Leandro and discover a familiar menu -- Ana Rosa bought it back in October of 2008 and is doing the same business here.  I had the roast pork on tostada this time, a surprisingly delicately spiced melange of meat, crisp lettuce, tomato, and onion all on a tostada. I'll be back for the chicken pipian and other Jaliscan dishes you can't typically find in other local Mexican restaurants. And, of course, for those fantastic handmade corn tortillas!  I also have to give this place a big cheapskate's thumbs up. For under $10 you'll walk out stuffed with a rosy glow on your face that's not all from the peppers in the salsa.  

                A solid 4.5 stars!  Food is still great...love the goat!!!  But I HATE the TVs...they have no place in any restaurant.  

                Was a fan on International... still a FAN!!  This place is the BEST.  Empanadas and the Mole are two of my favorite foods there.  Fresh, fresh, fresh!  YUM!  

