                The fact that a place like this opened makes me a very happy girl. A place where omnivores and plant based eaters can both eat happily is a very good thing.   The first time I came here was for hella vegan eats' pop ups on Monday. I got my usual monte blt but was a bit disappointed as I paid $11 but half what they usually give! The tempeh was also too rough. However, that's not fault of analog, and I think it's great that they're supporting an overall amazing company!  I came back to try the Rachel, and I was  blown away. It was huge, first of all. The cornless beef was delicious and yet wasn't over-salty(?) and the bread was perfect (and I hate bread). For 10 dollars (excluding tip) it was generous. Such an ingenious sandwich too!  

                5 stars for food, 3 stars for service.   Let me just say that I am in love with their food. The yummy bread with giant salt crystals poking out all over, the perfectly seasoned sweet potato salad, and well-thought-out vegan items--it's just all so perfect. I am so surprised and happy to see that they have dedicated half of their menu to vegan options. The atmosphere is very chill and quaint with fun nostalgic bits of pop culture.  That said, the service is a little underwhelming. I have been to Analog 2 times. The first time for lunch when it was not busy. I received pretty good service and sat at the bar. When I went back on a Friday night for dinner, however, it was a different story. The service wasn't bad, it was just odd. When we arrived, there was a photo shoot happening at the bar and we didn't know where to sit as to not interfere with the shoot. We sort of just stood at the entrance and waited for awhile hoping to be ushered in by a server or team member. Instead, staff seemed to be either in the shoot or on their phones and not paying attention to us. I had to walk in further and announce that we needed help figuring out what to do. A server apologized to us and said we could sit behind the photo equipment. We got to the table and she passed menus our way and told us that we could just walk up to the counter when we were ready to order. It took a while for our food to arrive and where we were sitting we could see other staff members on their phones and eating near where the food was being prepared. It was just awkward. The staff seemed not engaged with customers and I saw a large group come in to sit at the bar and not much engagement with them. I went to the restroom and when I came back I noticed that the large group had already gone. I also saw a couple come in and stand around for a few minutes and then walk out. The music was also at a level that made it hard to have a conversation without yelling. I loooooved that they were playing an old Arcade Fire album--it's one of my favorites, but it was at a level that seemed great for cleaning your house, not trying to have a conversation over dinner.  I absolutely loved my food both times I visited Analog, but have decided that I will likely get take-out if I go back. I hope the staff can work on making their customers feel more welcomed because it's a super cool place and I want it to stay around!  

                Analog is a cute little spot that is conveniently located quite close to 12th Street Bart. It's equally omnivore- and vegan-friendly, which is a big plus. I tried a Great White on tap and the Rachel sandwich, because apparently I'm a wannabe vegan and also narcissistic.   The sandwich was pretty amazing--corned beef-style seitan, which tasted housemade, in addition to pickled onions and a delicious chipotle aioli. The portions are huge so the sammies are great for splitting. It reminded me a bit of the Bye and Bye up in PDX. I did dock a star for the service--despite it not being terribly busy, both bartenders seemed to be a bit out to lunch and the wait time for the food was a bit too long. Analog is very new though, so I'm sure they'll work out the kinks eventually.  

                Analog is a solid addition to downtown Oakland. Its got a 50% vegan menu, and the food is delicious. Food comes with large portions, and lots of flavor. Sandwiches are large and come with a side of actually-not-bad-for-you sweet potatoes (not fried!).  The beer selection is small but great.  Monday nights are currently dedicated to a Hella Vegan Eats kitchen takeover, which is also delicious. Try the cauliflower tacos.  If Analog itself is too crowded, you can eat your food at The Golden Bull next door.  

                Analog is small dive bar in downtown oaktown. few seats at bar. few tables. beers: 8 micros,  16 oz pours starting at 5. menu: various sammies  eats: poor boy grilled cheese with red potato salad -huge sammie, tasty red tot salad, great value -found out cheese vegan! so cool.... brew:sculpin (5) retails at markets @7.99/22 oz. -very hoppy, strong brew,   on draught: -HH, 4.-7, 4th drink free. -reasonable pricey, microbrews very good, rare finds at pubs. -rock music background. -parking iffy.  

                Oh, Analog. I was much too quick to judge you. You're a pretty sweet deal after all.   Every time I hear the name, I just get the Rx Bandits song "Analog Boy" stuck in my head. Whether you're a ska fan or not, it's a pretty catchy little ditty. Fun fact: it was one of the first mp3s I ever downloaded onto my computer. This place makes me nostalgic for that reason, and for the awesome TV shows and movies shown up on the television set perched above the kitchen space.   Hella Vegan Eats rocks a pretty amazing dinner service every Monday night at Analog. If try to get there right when they first open, you can secure a table with ease. There aren't that many seats once it starts to get busy, but if you are an early bird like me, it's a total breeze!   Beer-wise, I had a pretty delicious IPA (the one that Brock recommended), and it was way tasty. Tiff and Sylvee of HVE are some of the coolest folks in the entire East Bay, so make sure you go and say hi to them and order their amazing grub. Tonight was Breakfast for Dinner night, and their mac 'n cheese was killer!  I love the plentiful vegan options on the regular menu, I will have to sample them sometime soon. Oh, you know.... for research purposes. I have to appease my loyal fans. It's not easy being the Duchess, but someone's gotta do it.  

                Miss-piggy = Yum!!  That is all you need to know for now.  That's all I say because that's all I know.  =)  

                Time: 6:17pm/57°F mostly clear  Purpose: Came by many times while it was in transition stages. I almost gave up till one day the ad board out front states "All vegan here" and HH 5-9pm 4th bottle free. Shoot, that last word got me excited!   Ambiance: Small neighborhood dive bar that serves up all vegan simple dishes. This bar might perhaps be the most unique in Oakland. The reason is theres no blu-ray, CD, DVD, 1080p, bluetooth, iPod docks, iPad, flash drives, laptops, tablets, CPU, motion detectors etc. Things what we use now a days is non existence. Everything is all about the late 70s to 80s. What you'll see here are things like vinyl player, wooden tower speakers, old tube TV, VHS movies, 8 track, Casio drop till register, green/white receipt booklet, cassette walkman, records. Place itself is a 6 person bar seater as you may call it kitchen bar. Rest of the area with four tables enough to fit 2-3 depending on size. Couple of color coded trash bins, indoor ATM, mirror panel walkway, picture of Eddie Murphy, stand alone record player. Owners wants that kind of retro throw back feel. Not that they can't afford it. Music being play here are like Brass Construction among many others. Place is packed with 20s, 30s, 40s nearby workers. Don't get discouraged. I meet a guy and we just talk and talk before you know it clock shows near 8pm.   Staff: One guy tall lanky really into his job. He'll bounce from kitchen to front tending patrons then cooking for them also. He has a partner that comes in at 6:30 to help out. Don't know much about the latter guy. The first guy was just totally awesome. Checking up with me every now and then, putting napkins out when I needed it the most. Not sure if this was due to a 5-6 person seater at the bar counter or he was that genuine.  Cleanliness: Grade B+, clean enough to operate for type of business it is. All guidelines are in compliance with permit posted.  Eats/Drinks: Got the Happy Ending combo deal $9. Comes with a bottle of Miller High Life, a shot of Underberg, grilled cheese sandwich on Texas toast with side of sweet potato salad. Grilled cheese didn't disappoint at all. Cheese melted generously on two slices of Texas toast, oozing hot when handed over. Bite after bite cheese was still hot at one point burnt my tongue. Not sure if there were sprinkles of sea salt on bread, tasted like there were. Not a bad thing it was much needed to balance out cheese flavor. Sweet potato salad was something I never had before. Size of a regular scoop ice cream comes rested on bed of spring mix. At first, I was thinking what is it? After my third bite, I realized what it was. Its delicious not over doing it, nice balance taste. Being a little reddish looking wasn't sure what it was. After all I was thinking just the toast on plate. The beer was just standard American beer. Started out drinking domestic beers then gradually went import. The shot of Underberg was really strong comes in the traditional 20ml bottle. They even tear open paper wrapper pour on tall shot glass for you. It was exactly what I needed afterwards. Underberg is not a drink, but more for digestion purposes. For some it may be a bit too strong to take in one setting.   Main Features: Underberg shot, old Rasputin, grilled cheese, combos under $10 respectively.   Products/Services: Sandwich, salad, combos, apps/sides, cookies, bottle/draft beer, Underberg bitter shot, donuts by Donut Savant, 8 drafts on tap, kettles chips, ginger beer, San pellegrino, iced tea, coffee, oaxacan chile chocolate cookie. $10 minimum for CC. HH 5-9pm 4th bottle is free/indoor ATM/plays 80s movies/most items vegan.  Punch Lines: Retro throw back/old school, unpretentious, wooden paneling, minimal seating, ATM, modest cost, vegan, friendly, candle lights, hip and happening, laid back, decor leaves something to desired, claustrophobic interior, light bites, can't go wrong, casual and delicious, worth the wait, afterwork drinks/apps, twist on traditional favorites. 4th bottle free 5-9pm. Accessible by Bart/B-Shuttel/AC Transit, bike rack, nearby street or private lot.   Tradeoffs: Best suited for people that plays Atari 2600, Genesis, Nintendo, Sega consoles every now and then. Ones who grew up on it, but wants to relive it as an adult.   Final Thoughts: It appears to cover most of the old school analog collection of the days. What I didn't see or should've was the Motorola DynaTac 8000X cellphone. First ever sold to the public. That would be the talk of night while enjoying drinks and apps after work. Techies wouldn't know the history of that phone, but I sure do. What? I'm not even close to being that old. Saw my uncle using one for his import/export business. Its a cool place to hangout no matter how old you are. Get to know some regulars and they might talk with you about the 80s.  

                I came here on a Tuesday night, so I didn't experience any issues with the small size or too few tables that others seemed to dislike.  +1 star: The bartender was soooo nice and accommodating. I'm not a beer drinker so I was a little lost in a bar that served only beer, but he was super patient with me and helped me figure out what to order.  +1 star: They accept credit cards! I was scared that I would have to panhandle outside since I went there with no cash. So many dive bars are cash only that I was slightly scared.  +1 star: The Woodchuck Cider was super yummy for anyone who doesn't normally like beer.  +1 star: The bathroom was clean and cutely painted.  +1 star: I loved that they play records. And the music was good!  +1 star: Lots of vegan food options. I had already eaten, so I didn't order food, but my friend did and she loved what she got.  +1 star: There was a nintendo and TV with Super Mario 3! I didn't play because I was trying to be social, but I might have to go back just to play it.  This place gets 7 stars!  

                A really nice vegan take on the classic Rachel Sandwich with local focaccia bread, an almost spicy chipotle aioli, savory seitan, and just the right amount of toppings. I must say, this is one of the best Rachel's I have tasted.  Love the vegan menu, great service, 80s vhs films and soundtrack at this welcoming Oakland dive.  

                Holy crap that was awesome!  Incredible sandwiches for vegans (and animal eaters) alike. I was blown away. Good selection of craft beers. Friendly service. It took a while to get our food but it was worth the wait.   Highly recommended!  

                The dude that helped me at the counter was the same guy that bartends next door at Golden Bull, super awesome and friendly staff, very welcoming! I ordered the Dirty Hippie and the Jive Turkey. Both were very good but I have to say Dirty Hippie is by far my favorite! Im not even vegetarian and I'll probably order it from here on out. The sandwiches are huge, most def shareable and filling for 2 people. Best part besides the awesome staff and great sammys are the fact that u can get one up until 2am!  I will be back!!  

                Rick Rubin is great--everything a it promised. The meat was good quality, the bread delicious--crunchy and soft at the same time. The owner/cook/bartender was friendly and professional, and the space is good. It's not divey--I'd say trendy. A little pricey, but the sandwich was huge (I'd have been happy with one half that size!).  

                So fun so sooo good!! The videos playing in the background on an old school tv is such a good plus,, analog feel is like being at your best friend's house. And the FOOD!!! I had the jive turkey and it was delicious!!! Sean was helping us out and he was awesome and adorable!! Plus there's this Eddie Murphy photo on the wall that's just amazing!!!!!  

                Seriously one of the best sandwiches I've had in my life. To top it off- I usually hate seitan but this was absolutely delicious. We shared one sandwich and were both full as well. YUMMY. I am actually thinking about going back tonight. That's how good it is.  

                the jive turkey sandwich I had here was really good.   love the 90s throwback vibe and the beer selection on tap. good place for lunch but also open really late in case you're still hungry after the late night dance party at venue next door.  

                This is a great little spot for a beer, and for some good food. Run by the guy that runs the kitchen at Benders in SF  (not sure if he's the owner, or manager or what), there's a mix of both meat-based and fake-meat (vegetarian/vegan) options. Decent beer selection too.  It's small and intimate, but I like that in a spot. It feels like it has the aspects of a dive bar that I like, while still being clean, new, shiny, and welcoming.  Oh - and you can play old-school Nintendo (Nintendo '84!) on an analog TV. For real. That means Super Mario Brothers, Duck Hunt, and the classics. Can't beat that!  -Matt  

                The decor is very... strange. They have a TV running classic movies on poor quality VHS tapes without sound. I guess it's an atmosphere thing.  Luckily, the vegan sandwiches are delicious (and huge!), so it's all good.  

                I was very excited to check this place out since half the menu is vegan and  hella vegan eats has a pop up in this location. Unfortunately I was extremely disappointed all around.   The place was cramped with tables smashed into the corner and it's very small on the inside. The beer selection was okay but there wasn't anywhere to even stand inside and have a drink when all the seating was taken.   The food service was slow and the person working the counter was awkward. We had to ask for forks and napkins for our to go order. I know that's often standard in the Bay Area, but they could have offered or had some out on the walk up counter. The Hail Seitan  sandwich was so salty I couldn't even finish it! And I love salty food! The sweet potato salad was cold mush with green onions. The focaccia, was excellent though to be fair, and that's where the 1 star goes to. Everything else would be zero stars.   To summarize, at least this place is better than Subway, but that's not saying much. Hopefully it was just an off night for the staff and this isn't a regular experience.  

                I love this place so much! It's an intimate environment with good music and the food is amazing!!!! I got the Jive Turkey my first time there and it was so good. They also do an all vegan night every other Monday that another company cooks but uses the space. They have good beers and the regular menu is half vegan options and half meat eating options :) also the sandwiches are huge so you can definitely spilt it with someone making is a great price!  

                Great spot -came here on a Monday nite & Hella Vegan Eats was doing a pop up for the nite. The food was awesome Beer selection great I will be back.  

