                So I didn't know this place was also a drive through, but omg their food is great!!!!! Can't wait to go again. Me and my friend left totally happy and stuffed, the food was awesome and the staff was happy.  

                Random burger shack right next to a car wash off the highway... great find thanks to yelp!  We were staying at a nearby hotel and wanted an early dinner. This place was perfect since it opens until 5 p.m. Nice selection of burgers. Hubby liked his burger and I went with the portabello mushroom burger which was awesome! Great taste and nice toppings. They seemed surprised that I skipped the garlic sauce, so who knows if it would have been even better with it. The onion rings were also delicious and not too greasy.  Service is awesome - huge shout out to the girl who rummaged through their garbage when I accidentally tossed something out there... thank you!!  

                Beep BEEP you can get  delicious Burgers, A Car Wash and More when you go to  Andie's Cafe. I do have to note Andie's Cafe isn't big on ambience. Andie's  doesn't look much fancier and isn't much bigger than a shed you can buy at Home Depot or Lowes. Andie's is a small takeout place that serves breakfast and mostly burgers located in a car wash parking lot.   This time I tried the Andie's Burger. I asked for it to be cooked Medium and it came out Medium Well but still was very juicy and flavorful. They put Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Pickles, Mayo and enough garlic to scare away all the vampires on an Andie Burger. For me the Flour dusted Potato Roll is too big and I'm not a fan of raw flour dusted rolls so I didn't eat most of it but that's just me because I saw everyone else woofing it down.  We got the Frings and that's a basket of Fries with Onion rings they came to us hot and fresh. I liked how crispy they make the onion rings.  Oddly this was the tastiest burger I had in a while.  

                I tried the "safe" sandwich (aka grilled cheese) and not explore the other hamburgers or loaded sandwiches they had to offer.  According to my fiance their cheeseburger was pretty darn tasty minus the overwhelming slather of mayo.  Huge fan of their milkshakes, for sure! Creamy texture and not too thick. I drank up my entire cup before getting my sandwich.    I think its fair to say that I haven't really went beyond to experience what other reviewers raved about. Guess its in the stars to get my hamburger fix when I am back in the area.  

                Came here on. Friday afternoon to get a late lunch while my car was getting washed.  It was my first visit to Andys  and I was really happy with what I recieved.  I ordered the regular cheeseburger and fries.  The cheeseburger was excellent and tasted fresh.  The meat was juicy, the bun was soft without falling apart, there was just the right ammount of condiments and the fries were really hot.  With all of this being said, it was a tad expensive for a burger and fries, over $10.00 and the girl at the register could have been nicer, but it may ha e been a busy day.   I would definitely come back.  

                Went here with my boyfriend after we're done hiking at skyline cuz I was craving for burger and we looked on yelp and saw the reviews are mostly ++. So why not give it a try ^_^  I tried the Dbl Cheesebuger and Frings it was helllaaaaaa good!! Didnt even finish it and bae ordered the Andie's t'was really good too! Definitely will recommend this place!   It's just that the place is just small but it's okay ^___^  

                Not particularly flavorful. Fries are alright assuming the fryer hasn't broken down. Overpriced for what you get. Wouldn't recommend this place. Try Gotts instead.  

                Yummmmy. ...haven't had a burger here in years but will definitely have to make it a point to come back.  

                Found this lil burger joint on yelp! What a find! My kids say we are never eating anywhere else in Napa! Burgers, corn dog and grilled cheese are all delicious. French fries and onion rings are a must! G  

                Want a cheap breakfast? Something quick that you can eat there or take home to eat in the privacy of your Sunday sweatpants? The breakfast bagel (bacon, sausage, egg, cheese on a bagel) is fantastic - and the breakfast burrito is equally mouth watering. PLUS, you don't have to throw down copious amounts of dollars for their food!  

                Andie's never fails to satisfy me. The buns they use are great, and the burgers turn out exceptionally! I am also a big fan of their shakes, and am pretty glad to have found them (thanks yelp). The outdoor seatingis great for cyclists, and are conscious about being sweaty and care about being close to their bikes. Do a ride; earn your Andie's burger.  

                I L-O-V-E this little shack right off the freeway.  I swear you'd think it's part of the car wash, but it's not.  But if you do get a car wash, get a bite to eat .. or two .. or three .. or better yet, stop on in BEFORE you go to the outlets, yes, it's across the street from outlets!    Drive Up Window - yayy But sometimes you can get caught in the cross fire between the cars trying to get there car wash .. If you have a SUV like me .. know how to drive through tight spaces .. because it's tight folks!  Burgers - yayy ALL DAY EVERY DAY (wait don't quote me on business hours, it just sounded good). Wait for it though .. there's more .. it's NOT all meat woman, they cater to the veggie crowd too, yes they do  Milkshakes - yayy  Breakfast - yayy  I would give it a 5 star but the dang parking arrggghhh .. I could bring my lazy ass across the street and park there, and walk to Andie's for a change .. nah .. they have a friggin drive though hahaha #lazygirlstatus #burgersfordays  

                Love the burgers. Love the fries. Love the milkshakes. Love the onion rings. This place is awesome. Be prepared to wait if it's Saturday or Sunday or lunch time. Would give this place 5 stars if the buns were a little sturdier. Best burger in Napa for sure!  

                For a small diner, and I mean small, Andies provides a huge menu with big flavor. I've yet to try everything but love the chicken avocado tacos!  You receive 2 open face corn tortillas withe a large amount of chicken, avocados, lettuce and etc.  Very good!!  

                Yep.  Just as they said.  Expectations from a car wash cafe, pretty low.  But damn good burgers (not greasy,  and very good meat).  Great fries too!   I regret I didn't have room for a shake.  Maybe next time.  Just down the street from the Outlets, and on our way to the Napa and Sonoma wineries, so I can guarantee there WILL be a next time :-)  

                Traditional 1950s style burgers just how you like them fatty!  Eat your weight in grease while you chat with the regulars about how Obama is ruining our country. You deserve it.  

                I literally just finished my breakfast burrito 2 minutes ago. So. Delicious. Those avocados. That bacon. Those hash browns. All perfectly meshed. Fast fulfillment, great quality, reasonably priced.  

                Oh how I wish this place were maybe a bit larger or had a better parking arrangement! Getting to Andie's is a little tough seeing as it's there on the car wash site. There's no real parking save a spot or two street parking. It's a wee shack and you will spend about 10 bucks for a chuck burger and fries, but? It's fresh, fantastic and you can't forget the bacon! Hmmm good burgers. Not much seating here, but a couple tables outside. I guess if you came to get your car washed, it's perfect to just order up while they suds up.   Fresh toppings, hot perfect fries that tasted so fresh they almost made me wanna slap my mama they were so good. Give 'em a try and you'll taste what's easily one of the top two or three burgers in the area. (I personally think they may make the best burger in Napa since Downtown Joe's seemed to change their patties)  

                It not "the best burger" I ordered a Monterey burger, they didn't have any pepper jack cheese, which it was fine so I just got American cheese. Hmm to my Taste the meat didn't taste that whoa, it needed something salt or something. No flavor at all. I waited like 15 minutes to get a hamburger. Don't get me wrong the food it's okay but bad nor good but it's definably not "the best burger."  

                Ask most Napa locals where to find the best burger in town and they will send you here: to a car wash.  The place is tiny, greasy, has absolutely no food ambiance, but will have your hands and face dripping with juicy burger goodness. You can get just about any kind of burger you like.  I have no idea if any of the other menu items are any good because if I'm standing at the counter at Andie's then I want a burger. Preferably with blue cheese, thick bacon, and everything on it.  

                My Husband wanted a Hot Dog and as he was eating, he said "this is pretty darn good"! I had a BLT and fries. We had to wait a little while but the food was hot, fresh and flavorful. I only would have liked my bread not toasted. Solid three and a half...perhaps we'll try the burgers if ever in town again.  

                I can eat at this place all day!! The breakfast burrito is "amazing" and they simply have the best bacon ever!!   Lunchtime I like the chicken tacos, grilled chicken salad and of course the Western Burger.   Note: Try ordering the Crispy Chicken Wrap that's off the menu!! My fav!!  

                Love the burgers here! Yum!! The western burger is a good combination textures and flavors. The bacon is super crispy and the pickles add good tartness to the burger. My patty was cooked slightly over what I ordered, so try to order a bit under what you want. The burgers get pretty messy but they are delicious! The fries are thick cut and the onion rings are pretty massive as well. They charge 25c if you want to get extra ranch dressing.   Yes, Andie's is in the same lot as a car wash, so there aren't too many tables to sit at. We usually park across the street in the lot near the grassy field or close to the outlets. They also have stamp cards so you can get the 11th burger free :)  

                I want to take a moment and update my review. I have visited Andie's Cafe again. The people there really pump out the food and work hard and smile while doing it.  It being right on top of the car wash is interesting. Gives you something to watch as you wait.  I don't eat at fastfood burger joints, so this place is nice for people with burger standards. If you love guacamole don't forget to have some put on your yummy burger! I'll be back there again. (right next to outlet mall, so if you're shopping it's very convenient.)  

                I have a terrible Love/Hate relationship with Andies.  I love Andies because I've eaten the best burger in my life from there, but I hate how long it takes to get said burger into my mouth. I seriously shouldn't complain because I just said that I've eaten the best burger in my life from there.   Take it as a compliment Andies. I continue to subject myself to long waits just so I can increase my waistline.   I'm okay with that and I'd recommend Andies to anyone... and I have!  

                We stopped for burgers today and were incredibly surprised!! The building doesn't scream "amazing burgers sold here", but we had an outstanding lunch. My husband had the chipotle burger. He's an avid grilled and very particular about food. He raved!! I had the turkey burger. It came with freshly sliced avocado, lots of toppings, and a large fresh bun.   Our favorite place in Napa so far!  

                Average burger! It was a rainy day and no customers at the time of my arrival. However the one and only table in the place was absolutely filthy from previous customers. I placed my order and then wiped all the food bits onto the floor. While waiting for my order the dishwasher/cook lady wearing pajama bottoms and purple converse shoes came out from behind the counter and took over the barstool area with a bucket of fries and a large soda. A few minutes later two paying customers entered an placed their order, but had no where to sit. The employee could care less. More focused on yelling to the short butch lady behind the counter in Spanish. The employee never got up after eating, just pulled out her cell phone and started texting. So this is how you treat your customers??? I won't be back!  

                I enjoyed a delicious bleu cheese burger and garlic fries. My friend had the Andy's burger. Both were delicious and juicy. This will be our go to place to eat when visiting Napa!  

                Friendly, quick and delicious. It's a tiny little burger hut using fresh quality ingredients and a simple menu. Parking is limited unless you good across the street and the inside is tiny so watch out for rainy days. If you're heading back from the wineries and need to get your feet and wallet back on the ground, pull of the freeway on 1st St and hit this joint up!  

                This review is for the breakfast burrito....because that is all I have ever had/ever want! My first taste of this amazingness was the bacon burrito.  Unlike any other breakfast burrito in the valley.  A thin, crispy layer of hashed browns, bacon, fried egg, guac, sour cream, salsa, and i think some other stuff.  It was literally like a burrito gone breakfast - as opposed to breakfast gone burrito (if that makes any sense).    Now when I go, I get the veggie burrito - ugh, SO GOOD.  I wish I felt ok getting this every day (if i could i would!)  Although the bacon burrito is hands down the most amazing, I will only order it if I literally am experiencing the worlds worst hangover.   Great spot, I would love to grab a burger here sometime too.  

                Garlic overload!  Purchased an Andie Burger...never again. Staff was great, food was mediocre.  

                Yelp WIN again! BEST BURGERS in NAPA! Their window claim is not folly. On our recent trip up to see my in-laws I craved something a little different than our typical In N Out burger stop.   I saw the reviews on Yelp and we had to try this little burger stop. Full disclosure: The fact that the name of the business is my nickname (actually the name I go by most often) - Andie - did weigh favorably on the final decision. :)   Honestly, this visit could not have been more perfectly aligned in the stars. Andie's Place is a small hut with seating outside, but the day was lovely and warm so it was a welcome change. Also, the patio is dog-friendly so our dog was able to join us and benefit from a taste or two of burger.  The service was SUPER friendly. The fella taking our orders was really enthusiastic and polite. When I told him my name is Andie he was surprised and said "NO WAY!!!" to which I said "way!" :) I got "Andie's Burger" which was pretty much the perfect combo of all things I love.... pickles, grilled onion, avocado, grilled mushrooms! The burger was juicy and flavorful. The fries were fresh and delish. I took a menu with me and learned they use local ingredients... their burgers are delivered daily from a local butcher. Likewise their potato buns, which are like soft fluffy clouds in a perfect blue sky, are also delivered fresh daily from a local baker. I LOVE LOVE LOVE when local businesses source their ingredients locally.  I really wanted to buy a shirt 1) the name and 2) promoting a great place. Alas, they don't sell their shirts, mores the pity!  If you're looking for a place to grab a fantastic burger this is the place. I'd say it's even destination-worthy. I'd easily use it as my anchor and build a day in Napa around the promise of another Andie's Cafe burger.   Oh and a plus for me... they are a Pepsi establishment. I don't often drink soda, but when I have a burger or pizza it just feels right. Our lunch on Saturday was perfection... a fab burger, great fries, wonderful service and a nice ice cold Pepsi to wash it all down.  

                A burger joint at a car wash that will impress. Nice size burger that is cooked and seasoned just right. Usually not crowded with people but boy oh boy they know the recipe to burger goodness. Would I come back yep but only cause I need a car wash.  

                Was wine tasting in napa and stumbled upon this place... This place ROCKS Ordered the Marin burger very tasty and juicy ordered onion rings that was beer battered very tasty..... Nice and very friendly service. Will be back very soon..  Great job guys.  

                Who says you can't get great food at a car wash? A few days ago I inhaled a veggie breakfast burger, with bacon added. Tons of mushrooms, crispy hash browns, peppers, egg and of course bacon. Each bite was amazing goodness, so if you are looking for a hearty breakfast or a hangover cure, this is a great place.  I've also enjoyed the bacon cheese burger (notice the bacon trend?), which was juicy and prepared at a medium temperature, just the way I like my burger. The ingredients are fresh, I.e. the lettuce crisp and the bacon with the right amount of grease.  So next time you are shopping at the outlets, skip the food court and walk across the street to Andie's Cafe.  

                Chuckburger is served on a potato bun.  Good stuff. Also their breakfast burritos are really good too.  For me, there are many factors that play into a food/restaurant experience.  Food, service, environment, price to name some measurable things. In its own way, Andie's has it all.  Andie's to me is one of those places where two unlikely combinations of business go really well together. I don't know if the car wash and the restaurant are samely owned, but what a nice marriage it is. If you dig deeper into to the more everyday parts of Napa, not so much the "ooh ahh Wine Country" aspect, you'll find some really good people and some really good food.  You will also find other combination businesses like the local liquor store(s) that sells spaghetti in meat sauce and "their" famous Malfatti's (just yelp the word, you will likely find what I'm talking about.)  I've been here a few times. Each time I go get my car detailed, I come here. The car wash folks do a good (not super great- good.) wash and wax, while I kick back and have a meal.  Keep in mind that you have your car to pick up still. DH and I have to double team it. I put the order in and wait at the burger seating area, and he goes thru the mini mart, pays for the detail and waits for the car to be done. By the time he comes back, the food is ready and we have ourselves a hot meal.   Takes about 15-20 min for the food to be ready. They're busy and folks are using their little drive thru to pick up stuff all the time.   The people watching, the great food, a clean car, easy parking, awesome condiments, service with a smile. No complaints here at all.  Welcome to Napa.  

                Yummy Veggie Burrito Def great place for a breakfast burrito! Will be going back for sure!  

                You can nevergo wrong with Andies. I always have the garden burger, its do die for! & the onion rings are pretty good too!!  

                A dinky burger place smack-dab in the middle of  a car-wash in the heart of wine country. Yup, this place is absolutely legit.   A Yelp search for a quick and casual lunch spot to hit up on a Sunday in between wine tastings led us to Andie's. If you don't want to do the drive-thru (or get your car washed) there's a parking lot across the street, but you feel kind of like Frogger trying to get across the street (so be careful!). Don't drink and jay-walk!  The burger here is really good. I got the Andie's Burger (~$7.67) which featured grilled mushrooms, jack cheese, and a kick-ass garlic sauce. It's the garlic sauce that really gives this burger a unique flavor that distinguishes itself from burgers from other joints. The patty itself was juicy, although a bit over-done for my taste (they never asked how I wanted the patty cooked, guess I should've been more proactive about that). It might get messy towards the end, but they do a good job  wrapping the burger to prevent any freak sauce/juice dripping on yourself.   There's no real indoor seating, but while in Napa you might as well enjoy the sunshine while feasting on some tasty burgers. Watching cars getting cleaned 5 feet away while you eat just adds to the coolness factor of this place.  

                Yummy burgers and fries. One of the best places to eat -next to the Napa Outlets. I'm glad I found this place through Yelp, because the outlets didn't have a dining option. Super tiny, right next to a car wash, but has a loyal following.  

                These guys know how to put a burger together.  No lie.    And they're sweethearts, too.  Bonus.  

                One of my favorite local cafés in napa. I recently tried their veggie tacos and it was amazing! They have the best customer service and are always so friendly!  

                I ate here after shopping at the outlet stores down the street. I Yelped for somewhere cheap and delicious and this place came up.  I was a little confused as to the location in a car wash, but found it, no problem.  We got burgers (mine with guacamole), fries and onion rings. Everything was fresh and delicous. Most interesting stop on our drive in wine country.  We sat at the picnic tables and watched people get their cars washed.  

                Thank you Google Maps for making me miss my turn. Serendipitous breakfast discovery...  This is probably the best veggie breakfast burrito I've had.  

                We decided to come here because our friend had a gift certificate (after 3 years of sitting in his wallet) and they still redeemed it! Yay! My boyfriend and I shared the Chicken Teriyaki Sourdough Sandwich ($8), the Andie Burger ($9), and fries ($2).   The Chicken sandwich was good I really liked the bread they used (even though it doesn't taste like sourdough), it held together well.  Andie burger was delicious!!! Very big, VERY MESSY, only down side I didn't like about it was that the bun was pretty soggy... other than that it was a great burger!   Fries are good but I would definitely spend $4 on the sweet potato fries they were to die for!!! They were super good with a chipottle sauce. Definitely a must if you come here!  As for location... Ok I made the stupid mistake of going into the car wash line haha it was hard to see the car wash sign because all the other cars blocked the sign so I had no idea what I was getting myself into... we ended up parking on the street right in front of the cafe.   Loved it, would definitely come back  =)  

                Like they say, "Third times a charm!" It really took 3 attempts before I could try their breakfast burrito.  #1 - Made it here after breakfast by about 30 minutes. Even after saying PLEASE, I was still denied breakfast. #2 - I believe it was a holiday Monday and they were closed. #3 - Success!  Who would have thought such a great joint would be in a damn car wash. I certainly didn't!  My breakfast burrito came with eggs, hash browns, sausage, bacon, sautéed mushrooms, cheese, avocado, and salsa! They don't skimp you by stuffing it with eggs and rice either. The egg is spreaded evenly on the tortilla like spread on bread. The rest of the burrito is the meat of it all. Should have added grilled onions too.  That sucker looks like an average sized burrito but I would recommend splitting it. Also, ask for more salsa on the side for dipping.  My new breakfast spot in Napa until it gives me nightmares.  

                My favorite burger in Napa. Nothing fancy and it sure is tasty... I recommend the bacon cheeseburger with fries.  

                I guess I wasn't expecting a teeny tiny spot in the middle of a car wash.  We drove by three times.   Once we did find it, I couldn't believe how much goodness is crammed in their teeny tiny building.    I kept it basic with a grilled cheese and split an order of frings (fries and onion rings) with my honey.  The sandwich, fries and onion rings were all cooked to perfection and created a nice base for the wine we tasted afterward.  My honey enjoyed his loaded burger (the Andie's burger, perhaps?).  I recommend going on a nice day because inside seating is limited to a small table for two and three bar seats.  However, there are plenty of outside tables and we enjoyed our lunch at one of them.    Nice sized portions for the price.  

                Food was great, however on a Saturday morning when there is 1 cashier and 4 people in the kitchen and the kitchen staff is busy joking about what they did the night before  and think that talking about their life is more important then work you wait 23 min. For a BLT and fries.  This place has great food but is seems that their production <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwork.is&s=2f14fd82bd4c8f8f3a7e2aca888e58b9fc6135869bbb054607dcd8738898e6d7" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">work.is</a> horrible. Will be a while before I go back if I do go back at all.  

                This is above and beyond the BEST burgers in the Valley. Breakfast burritos are great too. The location is awkward, unless you need your car washed too. The people who work here always seem happy and the service is quick too.  

                The food here is really good. The breakfast burritos are really filling and the burgers are among the best in the valley. Garlic fries are great, and so are the onion rings.  

                Just as we were leaving Napa, we wanted to get a quick dinner that wouldn't break the bank, but still good. My husband wanted a burger. Usually I'm whatever about burgers, but since I was starving we decided to give this place a try. I ordered the Andie's Burger and my husband ordered some bacon cheese burger. The Andie's Burger was really, really good. They use some garlic spread on it and it has avocados in it. It was a little expensive for a burger, but it was definitely worth it. I would come back the next time I'm visiting Napa. :)  

                Man, I hate to have write this review update.  It's been almost 3 years to the day since I was at Andie's Cafe. I try to eat healthy these days but I don't mind splurging on a burger now and then if it's worth while. I found myself in Napa with the time (and appetite) for Andie's Cafe. Unfortunately, this time it kind of sucked. I ordered the Andie's burger and onion rings. In short, the burger was a mess. The ingredients were totally uneven, (everything was on one side of the burger) which made it difficult to eat and not very good. To top it off, the onion rings were overcooked.  Too bad. This place was really good the first time I came here.  

                I love this place.  I visit a lot during softball season.  The have great breakfast burritos and lunch food is great too.  The staff are great and they work hard too to make sure your order is right.  

                I feel bad writing this, but I know how much I appreciate knowing what to expect when I'm looking for specific menus or foods or restaurants, so here goes.... I wanted to LOVE this place. I really did. I've read so many wonderful things about it and because of it's location, I just never think of going there when I'm in the mood for a burger (I'm on the opposite side of the freeway and there's tons of burger places closer). My main complaint about almost all the burger places here is the bun they serve it on. I hate soggy bread. Oh, and I didn't want to spend $10 for a burger.  The burger was cooked ok; I'd read so many reviews saying they'd overcooked it that I ordered mine rare. It was rare, LOL. Not too rare, but it definitely wasn't overcooked. I got the Andie's burger btw. The bun looked really good, but whatever sauce they put on it made the bottom part (the wrapped up part) very soggy. Strike one. The lettuce was romaine lettuce and it was limp, which grossed me out. Strike two. The burger itself had very little flavor, so it was not a home run on any level for me. Maybe they were just having an off day or the cooks weren't the "A" team...I went around 2:30-3pm. But I did not love my burger. And the garlic fries were also WET....I don't know if that's how they usually are, but french fries shouldn't be soggy. Pacific Blues in Yountville does a much better job on garlic fries for sure.   All in all, I was disappointed, but maybe it was just built up so much that I expected more. It was an ok burger, better than some, but I doubt that I'll go back for a burger. Their breakfast menu looks interesting though....  

                Last time i ate here which was a month ago, my onion rings, fries and my sons corn dog were all burnt, we couldn't even eat them!  I had picked it up to go so we didn't notice til we got home. The lady at the cash register got the order all wrong, she wasn't paying any attention and gave me a chocolate shake instead of strawberry. I just left, so thats when I got home and saw the fries and rings....  Its kind of expensive but a really good burger!   I love the bacon, blue cheese burger! Great malt shakes!  

                Andie's was a gem, only because it is hidden within a CARWASH...  Woo You might not ever get rich But let me tell ya it's better that diggin' a ditch. There ain't no tellin' who ya might meet. . A movie star or may be even an Indian Chief.  I am dating myself aren't I? Anyways the burgers rock, made with read meat, not the frozen patty stuff. Juicy and flavorful. The Marin burger really made my day after a long car trip, nothing better than BACON and CHEESE on RED MEAT. The stars for the potato world are the sweet potato fries, the chipotle dip really had a kick. The garlic fries had real garlic unlike the ones at Gott's. Skip the plain fries.   Gott's ain't GOT NOTHING, skip the Napa Valley hype at Gott's and get a real burger at Andie's, beside you can get a carwash while you're at it...  (Workin' at the) car wash. Workin' at the car wash yeah ! Come on and sing it with me car wash. Get with the feelin' y'all car wash yeah.  

                Andie's Burger: meaty, juicy, delicious.  Eat it quickly before it gets soggy, and do not put it down after you start or else it will fall apart.  I've been here three times and always asked for my burger medium, but it's always come out fairly well-done.  I will forgive them because the burger is still good.  Yes, Andie's is next to a car wash (cool), but it always seems to be windy here, so be prepared, especially during allergy season.  4.5 stars rounded up because it is the best burger in Napa.  

                Last honest burger in Napa.   Great fresh burgers with a nice family feel.  If you like a great burger and want to have enough money left over for a car wash or anything else, this is the place.  I really like Gott's, Red Rock, and Norman Rose, but this is truly the best burger in Napa - and at a fraction of the price.  SCORE.  

                I love my burgers and this place does not disappoint. I ordered a bacon, cheese burger with all the fixings. It was delicious. The meat is grade A. The onion rings are to dye for. Would I make a run from Vallejo just for a burger absolutely. I crave these burgers. I would recommend this place with a high 10 instead of a 5. Excellent customer service.  

                What a great classic burger. This is the place to go in Napa! Nothing like having a great burger while waiting to get your car washed.  

                I have been a long time fan of Andie's Cafe, and often patron the place. This weekend I went there for lunch to go on Saturday. It was a HUGE disappoint. The burgers were not the correct order AND they didn't give us one of the burgers, but charged us for it . Plus the worker literally threw the bag into our car as he yelled "have a nice day" (we didn't go back as we were on our way out of town and didn't realize the mistake until we were too far gone). This was forgivable of my beloved burger joint. However,  on Sunday we went there for breakfast. I ate 1/2 of my breakfast burrito and began to feel a little odd. A while later I was throwing up and feeling awful! Jump to a day later and I'm still laid up in bed with major stomach cramps. We called the manager to express our concern and asked them to check the dates on the food just to be safe for others. Their reply? What do you want me to do about it? Two days of bad service and bad food, I'm done with this place. Be cautious!!!  

                A great quick breakfast spot that I would definitely come back to! I had the Veggie Burrito & it was delicious!  The service was fast & great!  

                Best breakfast burritos ever!!!  

                Delicious hamburgers! Just wished it was a tad cheaper and they didn't close so early.  

                Amazing selection of burgers.  Only problem is their hours, they need to stay open later!!!!! It's hard to get off work and get there before they close.  

                My husband wanted to go to Gott's - convinced him to go to Andie's instead. 1 word = AWESOME! I would consider it fast food only because we ate it so fast. I'm stuffed but want another round of onion rings... The BEST EVER!!!!  

                Really good burgers. A good wrap to the day after wine-tasting.  Advise to park on the street, then order your burger cause you'll be waiting in the car forever if you do "drive through".   Their potato bread buns are good and chewy. The burger's stuffed with a thick patty of meat and veggies. I don't think you can go wrong ordering anything from here.  

                So I've been thinking of creating a formula that grades a burger joint based on 10 key points: flavor/selection of toppings/buns and menu items, quality of meat, if they ask how you want it cooked & then if they actually do it, value, speed of delivering product, quality of sides, quality of milkshakes, cleanliness/decoration/theme, and service - making sure to do everything on a sliding scale based upon the type of establishment.  My grades for Andie's Cafe: Flavor/Selection - 10 Meat quality - 9 -- Tasted surprisingly meaty, much better than an average fast food burger. How cooked? (pass [10]/fail [0]) - 10 Proximity to requested doneness - 4 -- asked for medium rare, came well done, but since it was still juicy and flavorful, I'm going to be generous here. Value - 7 -- not the best, but not the worst either Speed - 10 Sides - Didn't get any, so won't include it in my calculation Milkshake - 3 --  can tell it's made with chemically flavored softserve, and made with neither ice cream or strawberries. But at least it's not disgustingly chemical. Cleanliness, etc. - 10 Service - 10 -- Lots of smiles and sincerity.  =3.65 Stars. But since this is the first decent burger I've found in Napa, I'm going to definitely round up instead of down.  

                +5 for amaze-balls bugers. Carnivore - as well as 4 selections for veggie-hoovians.   Go for the grub - stay for the sunny pic-a-nic tables.  

                The BEST onion rings ever! The coffee is good too, but be prepared to wait an age for anything you order!  

                As far as burgers go, Andie's is runner up with Gotts Roadside in the lead. Very friendly server, very small and next to a car wash, I'd suggest parking across the street. Andies Burger tasted amazing, so juicy and flavorful. Best bun I've ever had! Unfortunately I could not rate this 5 stars due to location and the messiness of the burgers. So good tho!! Will be coming back!  

                The lettuce, tomato, pickles and bun were all nice & fresh, however, the burger was way overcooked, so I have no idea if it would have also been tasty.  The fries absolutely sucked though - they were way overcooked as well & looked refried for our order!  On a positive note, the food doesn't leave the same fatty, preservative-laced aftertaste you get from The Habit or Squeeze Inn.  

                So halfway through this meal I was so depressed.  Depressed because I wanted to re-eat what I had eaten all over again.  Or just go order another sandwich.    I ordered the Crispy Chicken Sandwich and my Mom got the Teriyaki Chicken Sandwich.  Both SO delish.  And the garlic fries were smothered in garlic, we were killing each other with our breath the rest of the day.  

                BEST hamburgers in town=)  The BLUE Cheese Burger ....is YUMMY!  

                This is THE best burger spot in Napa. If you want the good stuff, this is where you have to come to. Yes, it is small. Yes, it is next to a car wash. Yes, it is delicious! I always get the turkey burger with all the fixings and my hubby gets the chuck burger meal and we just share the fries. SO GOOD. The onion rings are killer too and the milkshakes (malt for me!) just make the whole darn meal enjoyable. They also serve Miller's hot dogs if someone is interested in one of those...but really, it's all about the burgers here!! Do yourself a favor and eat here.  

                I come to Andie's way too often for my pant sizes own good. This place is pretty bombdiggity. I have had pretty much everything on the menu so I will start with breakfast.   Their breakfast sandwiches are delicious and pretty inexpensive. They have a pretty amazing breakfast burrito. Early in the AM when I need a fried egg, bacon, and cheese fix after a night of dangerous libations...the drive-thru is my best friend. Not that I would ever do this, but if your little heart desired, you wouldn't have to wear any pants because HEY! you're at a drive-thru *wink wink*   The burgers are hand formed and juicy and cheesy and OMG a wonderful party in my mouth. Don't forget your frings (onions rings and fries mating together in a basket waiting to be bathed in ranch).   Andie's is hands down my favorite spots in Napa, and conveniently enough, you can get your car washed all while stuffing your face.  

                4 1/2 stars for this place!!  At first I balked at their prices ($7 and change for a burger), but then I saw the mini burger for $3.50 and I was sold.  And man, was that a fresh, tasty burger.  Oh, AND I was able to enjoy this burger while my car was getting washed?  Perfect.  Next time I'm back in Napa I'll be returning to this little local secret.  

                Best hamburger I ever tasted. #1 is my favorite minus the mushrooms. The soaked in garlic, onions just enhance the taste. Also the ranch hamburger is great too.  

                Was coming back after wine tasting and was super hungry..my first choice restaurant was closed and so were others (seems sunday afternoon is off for restaurants in downtown Napa)  Any how i checked the reviews of Andies...called them and confirmed they are open and boy I am glad i found this place.  I had turkey burger and my wife being vegetarian went for Garden (Veggie) burger. It was amazing turkey burger...well done, fresh veggies. And per my wife it was the best veggie burger she had and matched Red Robin's veggie burger.    This place is a hole in the wall and has out-door seating (good on a nice sunny winter day :-). I am deducting one star for the cleanliness (of tables outside). I never saw anyone cleaning the tables outside.  

                My son ordered a cheeseburger and I had the portobello mushroom burger. I tasted his. Both were very good. It's near a busy street and in the lot of a carwash, but that seemed to add to the charm of this place. The fries were better than the onion rings.  

                Ordered three western burgers, side of onion rings and two chocolate milkshakes.  Burgers were huge and beautifully prepared to order with just the right amount of barbeque sauce.  Onion rings were crispy, hot and perfect.  Milkshakes were delicious.  Ample patio seating.  Tad pricey, but for quality burgers, unpretentious/friendly service and quirky location, it's worth a return trip.  

                We hit up Andie's Cafe right after a 3-hour FML trip to the outlets. Luckily, it was right outside the shopping plaza. I found this place on Yelp, it looked like the only 4.5 star (or better) place nearby.  We ordered two delicious burgers: me the western bbq burger and she the andie's burger. We also shared a creme de menthe shake, which was nearly gone before our burgers arrived. This place really hit the spot after an exhausting shopping trip. It's connected to a carwash place, so often customers come over for a quick bite while their cars are being washed. Maybe it doesn't have the best scenery while eating, but the delicious burgers sure made up for it!  

                Great hidden gem for hamburgers.  With fries and drink $20 for two.  I say hidden, because it's located beside a car wash in Napa, CA.  You can eat outside and watch the locals.  Best hamburger we had while in California (yes including In N Out).  Would definitely go again.  

                For years I have been coming to Andie's Cafe' for their delicious burgers, fries, and Garden salads. They always have fresh produce and extremely great cuts of chicken and beef. Fantastic ambiance and addictive smiles, the staff seem to not only enjoy working their but love being a part of what has become a food destination in Napa Valley.  What seems like just another fast-food restaurant. Andie's food is cooked-to-order and never seems like they use any frozen foods or foods with tons of preservatives.  With, what seems like an endless menu. Andie's has a little something for everybody. If you are searching for food that is made with love and passion, this place is heaven for any food connoisseur.  

                definatley the best burgers in Napa!!!!  

                if you like Garlic fries , you'll love this place !! Andie's cafe is the first time I have experienced what Garlic fires are supposed to taste like,  real bits of Garlic and tons of it on fresh thick and  crisp fries  

                Decent breakfast burger, it doesn't look like much from the outside but it's a nice little "diner". Very little seating. My hash browns were from a box so I wasn't impressed with that. Otherwise, definitely decent option when you're traveling through Napa.  

                Looking for a good burger on the first sunny day we headed to Andie's Cafe.  Its a small kitchen next to the outlet stores, but produces a mean burger.    Ordered The Monterey burger, a bacon burger, an order of garlic fries and chicken strips.  The meat was flavorful, and cooked to perfection.  The fries were covered in lots of garlic.  And the chicken strips were crispy and moist.    Though we ordered a western burger and corn dog first, they were out of BBQ sauce and the corn dog but they did eveything they could to make us happy.    Loved sitting out in the fresh air and sun.  

                Small. The fries are all I ordered. They were the steak type, not bad.  

                Best burgers in Napa. End of.  

                Truly the best burgers in town! They have a special made blend from a local butcher, top secret! I love the blue cheese burger. Fries are perfect. Nice outside seating.  

                Best veggie burger in town! Love Andies. :)  

                I think this is the best burger I've ever had!  If you are ever at the Napa Outlets its right across the street.  It may be worth the hour and a half drive from the city for this thing.  And don't forget the garlic or sweet potato fries to compliment.  

                Awesome burgers and great customer service. One of Napa's Best.  

                I had a cheese burger width jack cheese. Very tasty burger. I thing next time I will try it w/o the ketchup. Other than that, Wonderful!  

                It is what it is, and that is good.  Each person in my family has their own thing that they always have to get from Andie's.  Even though I'm not a vegetarian I can't say no to their garden burgers!  So so so good!  Call ahead and order something to pick up at the drive through windows.  I call as I'm leaving my house and my order is waiting for me when I get there 10 minutes later.  Perfection!  

                Hands down the best burger in Napa. Possibly the best burger in North Bay. Oh, and don't even get me started on the milkshakes or I will have to drive over and get one right now.  

                I have been here numerous times.  The one problem I have is that price.  It is expensive for what you get.  My friend and I got 2 burgers, fires and sodas and it was $28.  The burgers are good, they aren't great.  I just have a hard time recommending this place based on the food quality / price ratio.  If you are going to charge $9 for a burger with no sides.  It needs to rock.  These just don't rock.  

                Perfectly fine but nothing special. They were out of ice cream, so I didn't get to try a milkshake.  The portion of fries was large.  They did ask how I wanted my burger prepared, which I appreciated. Not a question you get at most roadside shacks...  

                The burgers are consistently great but skip the fries... OK at best and the service is always VERY VERY slow!! The staff is not too friendly either. Don't let the setting bother you (car wash parking lot)  if you like a great hamburger. We've been going to Taylors Refresher Burgers more often because they have even BETTER burgers, great fries and fast service. If there's a long line - it always moves very fast.  

                This is probably my favorite spot in town to stop for a quick burger!  Fresh avocado, leaf lettuce, grilled onions... and steak delicious fries. Admittedly, it took me some time to give it a change, it really is terrific!  Oh, and did I mention that you can get your car washed while you eat?  Love. Love. Love.  

                I've worked & lived in Napa Valley since '91...I've seen all of the Napa eateries come go and evolve. A tiny tiny cafe with the drone and the din of carwash, traffic  zooming by, and freeway in back of us. Andies Cafe remains a hidden treasure for us locals that know the Cafe's Gift of Burger. A Real Hand Made Burger Damn It....!!! Char-grilled FRICKIN JUICY, WITH WHAT EVER YOU DANG WANT ON IT!!! Sauteed mushrooms? bam you got it. completely melted cheese on your burger bam there it is. you want bacon? onion ring with blue cheese burger BAM You got it. Fresh fresh Fresh, hand formed burgers,  crispy crispy lettuce thick sliced tomato, thin sliced fresh red onion. Bam onion breath, fresh. Great bun to meat ratio, all the ketchup mustard mayo you want. Truly cut fresh DAILY...(do you hear this Mustards? Rutherford grill? Gott's (taylors) Blacky Bear? homes of the $20.00 burgers, charge extra for fries?)  the french fries are TOTALLY potatoey!!! My god Buddha how stupid easy is that to do?  Make a good crispy potatoey greaseless french fry with tangy fresh catsup. Trying to sipp their milkshake with a straw too fast will cause the top of ones head to cave in. Their soft drinks aren't flat either, they actually have suds & carbonation!!! Why can't the Red Rock do this? And Big D's on Silverado can't even compare. And T. Keller's Fav burger joint "The IN & Out Burger " can go In & Out. Andie's has a simple purity, and the sense to remain true to simplicity and purity in quality. Who ever is running it now is doing okay in my book. I used to work with Andie at Greystone when she would help out with conferences or events in 2000. That was when she owned it. I debated wheter or not to write about this gold mine, for fear it would be revealed to outsiders. Every line cook worth their salt knows we can eat here for $12. well spent dollars and get more than our value for a good soda a great burger of any flavor profile and real real real fries.  Yes Suzzana there is a Santa claus. And he eats at Andie's Having to watch other diners like police & businessmen loosen their belts, or the rich cougars that drive up in next years' mercedes or lexus for a shake & garlic fries, to be equaled & leveled in class down here with us blue collar back bone of america, by a mere shake or sandwich is cause for attention & revelation. (did I see cream cheese & bagel with smoked salmon one day?) Just watching people "waddle" away even with just a shake & muffin pleases me and I know here this moment; NOW at Andie's is a temporal Nirvana hidden from the vistors & visible only to locals. With great humility and Gratitude, Thank you Thank you Thank you Andie's for making my life happy.  

                Best breakfast burrito in Napa.  Drive thru.  

                Best corn dog ever!  

                Greasy perfection.  A corn dog and an order of frings, washed down with root beer (free refills!), while sitting in the sun after a long, boozey weekend.  Sure you're at a carwash on a busy street, but it's the perfect spot to stop to refuel your human engine after a long morning shopping at the outlets before you motor on back to the city.  

                One of the best burgers you'll find anywhere, tasty and just the right amount of meaty grease. Milkshakes and garlic fries are great, too, if the arteries are feeling soft. Perfect place to recharge (for cheap) if you are in the middle of a shopping spree at the Outlets across the street.  It is tiny with mostly outdoor seating. I disagree with the other reviews, though. Being in the parking lot of a car wash does not bother me since I'm there for the food, not the ambience. I would go out of my way to find this place in rain, sleet or snow. Thanks, Andie, whoever you are!  

                I'm a Napa native and have been eating at Andie's for years. My family and I actually did a drive around Napa comparing burgers, and Andie's won hands down.  My favorites are; chicken teriyaki, andie's burger, veggie burger (even if you're not vegetarian you'll like it), and chicken strips.  My boyfriends favorites are; Marin burger, Chicken club, hot dog, corn dog and western burger. If you're in the mood to pig out with a friend, splurge on the frings (order of french fries and onion rings). And don't get me going on those breakfast burrito's, they are absolutely amazing! I try to only eat half! Everything that can possibly be local or fresh, or hand made is. They get their bread and buns from down the street, and use a local butcher for the meat.  The manager (possibly owner? she's usually there) is great, and so is her staff. They know me by name and are always happy to see me, which makes me as a customer feel good, and removes the guilt of not making food at home. Plus, who doesn't love supporting a good local business? Overall, I'd highly recommend it. If you aren't going to eat there call it in and pick it up through the drive through.  

                Excellent cheeseburgers, great tacos, shakes, and chicken fingers, yummmmm, a Napa classic.  I'm there about once a week for lunch, they'll even do a burger protein style for me.  

                Was skeptical about this place but after having breakfast, I'm a believer. Great burrito and breakfast sandwiches. Friendly service and yes it's next to a car wash. But somehow it works.  

                I love to come to Andie's for when I'm craving a big juicy burger. I really think these are the best burgers in Napa, even with some of the best restaurants in town. Their milkshakes and fries are great as well. This place is mostly known only to locals when they go to get their car washed, it's definately convenient sometimes. They also serve breakfast, something I've been wanting to try for a while.  

                I'm a local and these are hands down the BEST hamburgers ever  

                You can't go wrong at Andie's! Everything on the menu is great, but my favorites include the beef and chicken tacos, and the Marin burger. They truly are the best burgers in town!  

                A long overdue update...  Andie's started using set hours, so we know we'll get lucky with a yummy lunch or early dinner now!  Yumm!  

                Finally stopped by and tried this tiny little gem while shopping on my lunch hour at the outlets. This cafe is so cute and tiny literally 80% is the kitchen just enough standing room for you to order so I definitely don't recommend bringing a whole group of people here. I ordered the Marin Burger--Topped with mushrooms, avocado, jack cheese, mayo, mustard, ketchup, lettuce, tomato, pickles and red onion on a toasted potato bun. It was simply delicious but I recommend eating it there because I ate it back at work and the bun was starting to get soggy =(. The ingredients they use are very fresh and the way they layer all the ingredients makes the burger divine. I strongly believe there is an art to stacking a burger. (DON'T JUDGE ME! ;) ) I also ordered a side of garlic fries it was okay can't compare to the ones you get at the ball park. It was just fries and then put a scoop of garlic in olive oil. Wished they would have tossed it around and coated the fries.  

                Still the best burger around!  

                Great burgers!  

                We stopped in for a quick bite to eat and were not disappointed.  I had a breakfast burrito- it was perfect- eggs, hashbrowns, bacon, tomatoes, salsa, cheese, avocado, and sour cream.  Heavenly.  Service was quick and friendly.  I will definitely stop back in when I'm back in the area.  

                Randomly pulled into Andie's- was in a hurry and my NAV was confused about where Carl's was. SO happy I did. My Chipotle cheeseburger was fantastic. Granted I've not had a burger in 6 mos. or so, but this was oozing in spicy Chipotle mayo, grilled onions and had (fresh) lettuce and tomato. Their patties truly are fresh too (as in raw before cooked; not frozen). For this reason I don't have a problem with the price- you pay $6 for the same (frozen) sized burger at Carls.  I down-sized mine a little- their regular burger is 1/2 lb. of beef- way too much for me. But the cashier gladly made the change and charged me the same as their plain cheeseburger.  I don't live in the area but the next time I visit Napa I will stop again. Better than In N' Out.  

                Great burgers, exceptional onion rings... but you're sitting on the side of the freeway next to a car wash.  

