                Went out this direction because I was Sonoma Raceway.  It's relatively close to the racetrack and is just a grand place to go to get your food.  There isn't much for seating but it's mainly a small place to pick up some food and be delighted in the glorious jerky and sandwiches they make.  I really, really, like this place as their customer service is absolutely fantastic.  They cater to the track and are just a fantastic definition of small business and "that hometown feel"  When you enter, don't forget to immediately turn to your left and try a few of the free samples AND use a toothpick!  :)  In any instance, you can't go wrong with this place as it's delicious, has great service, and the prices are reasonable for what you get.  What more would you want?  Food Taste: 4 Overall Service: 5 Value of food to cost: 4 Facility: 5 Repeat customer: yes  

                Protip, if you have a large group of people coming up to Sonoma, you can order ahead and they will deliver to the vineyard you'll be at. It's pretty incredible.  Also the sandwiches are pretty solid as well. Not SF level dutch crunch but the convenience is truly incredible.  

                The power of Yelp is it's ability to steer you towards places like this.   This is the type of place I would never stop by without Yelp help because it has no curb appeal. Total dive shack on the road into Sonoma.  Sign over the door warns that building is unenforced masonry and is prone to collapse in an earthquake!! This only added to the dive appeal!  Sandwiches were great. You fill out a slip and put your name on it.  Deli meats and veggies were fresh and tasty. Side dishes like potato salad and cole slaw were great.   Very inexpensive. People working their super friendly and polite. Two lunches and a soda were less than one lunch at our hotel or other spots.   I tried some of their free beef and turkey jerky samples. First time in my life ( I'm not kidding) I liked jerky. I think because their jerky is not completely dried out.   This was a nice pick for a to go lunch ( we went to a park to eat it, no real place at this store to sit and eat). We did dive- lunch- palooza on our Sonoma trip and this was a winner.   Angelo's Wine Country Deli is NMD ( Notorious MD) approved for deli sandwiches.  

                After leaving Jacuzzi Winery and driving past this place, I quickly made a U-turn and pulled in. I already drove past it once already on the way to the winery and did not want to miss it since we were already in the area.   Wifey said: "What are you doing?"   I told her to relax and showed her the Beef Jerky sign on the road. Besides, how could I pass up a cow on top of the roof? That's gotta be a sign for me; and it'll be a good idea to get some protein after tasting a few vinos. We weren't in a hurry to go anywhere.   Wifey was hesitant at first then until she came upon the free sampler table. Yes...FREE!  They had all kinds of Beef and Turkey Jerky, from plain, garlic, pepper, teriyaki, cajun to BBQ and hot. They even had olives and salsa for some acidity. I sampled everything they had to offer and decided that the Turkey was the one for me. It was perfectly balanced with its sweetness and saltiness, and it wasn't dry like a riverbed during a California drought. Got a bag for the road and I was a happy camper.   Wifey and my son were quite enjoying it as much as I was. Then each of us got a Pastrami Sammich for lunch. They were out of the Dutch Crunch so I opted for the wheat bread. I'd say it hit the spot since every ingredient was fresh. The veggies came from the surrounding farmland and the meat was obviously their specialty. The crispiness of the tomatoes, onions, pickles and lettuce was a nice balance to the pastrami meat. Yes...it was delish.   Sat on one of their picnic tables under the shade and a cool breeze enjoying the view of the valley and life couldn't be more relaxing and perfect. We even had a feline visitor, who we couldn't resist feeding as it was begging us with those sleepy eyes.    Next time you're in the area, I'd suggest stopping here for a pit-stop. Just look for the place with a cow on the roof.  

                Their "world famous beef jerky"  was not really that great. Not sure what was so famous about it. They do have pretty good sandwiches. But their jerky is just okay.  

                Come here and get yourself some of their beef jerky.  They have samples and you will not be able to leave without a bag.  SO DELICIOUS.  It is not what you typically think of as beef jerky (as in what you would get at the store) but just trust me, it's delicious.  If you are a lover of all things beef, you will be a fan!  

                You have you stop here before starting your day in the wine country. It is the perfect one stop shop for last minute picnic food and the location is central to several wineries. I usually pick up a sandwich, their house jerky, and their amazing Italian Salsa and I am good to go!   The custom sandwiches are a great value and there are tons of meats and toppings to choose from. Don't forget to add Angelo Mustard to your sandwich because it really takes your 'wich to another level!  

                Amazing beef jerky. I love the peppered teriyaki and the garlic flavors the most.  

                Love their beef jerky - the teriyaki, especially!  My husband has also enjoyed their fresh deli sandwiches.  This is a regular pit stop for us on the way to the beach or the raceway, and we even occasionally make the trip out from Vacaville JUST to get our beef jerky fix!  

                On my first visit, I bought the sausage. Last week, i cooked them at home. Oh, so good, really yummy! I want to go back and try more varieties of Angelo's sausage. They are the best. The flavor and freshness is nothing like store bought versions. Really exceptional quality and flavor.  

                Solid post wine tasting meal for those who don't require a pretentious gourmet meal.  Dutch crunch? Check Varied meat selection? Check HOMEMADE GARLIC MUSTARD? Check $6 price tag for a decently sized sandwich? AWESOME  Great sandwiches from a local deli, and you can half your sandwich order and it's only $3! They make some killer jerky, and you can sample all of them from the table in back (sorry that's what I did, but it was so good!). I will definitely be back, and maybe buy a bag or two of that jerky.  

                Possibly one of best sandwiches I have ever eaten. I ordered the warm house roasted pork sandwich. The meat was tender and flavorful. It was a simple sandwich but the meat elevated to another level. The sandwich was about $6.50. very reasonable. Definitely worth a stop at this old school joint if you are in the area.  

                Hands down the best jerky anywhere. period. your welcome.  Sandwiches are solid too  Avoid the chicken salad...mayonaise  city, yuck.  Just get the jerky ok!  

                Our group was one wine tasting in of three and found ourselves ravenous.  Angelo's to the rescue! Sandwiches were super tasty, I loved the variety of options and customizations. The price is more than fair given the size of the sandwich! Super fresh and tasty subs and friendly, quick service to top it off!  

                After wine tasting at Ram's, we decided to grab a quick lunch here.  My husband recommended this place as he's been here before when he used to go to Sears Point Raceway often.    It was a cute little deli.  Ordered myself a smoked turkey and Swiss sandwich on a wheat roll.  While I waited for my sandwich, I did have a few samples of the famous beef jerky.  They were tasty indeed!  My sandwich was just a simple sandwich, but it was not disappointing that I ate it all.  Very satisfying that I didn't even need chips to go with it.  A nice touch that they add an Andes mint chocolate.  There's a few picnic tables out front where you can sit.  Otherwise, you can just grab and go.  

                If you want the loud, hustle and bustle, line out the door deli with mediocre looking sandwiches.  Where it's only popular because of it's location, by all means go to the spot up the street.   But if you want the off the beaten path secret of Sonoma THIS is your spot.  You want to impress someone?  This is your spot.  This might be the best sandwich I've ever had.  Definitely my first yelped sandwich.  The BBQ beef looked amazing but I was in the mood for turkey.  They made it just how I wanted it.  The sourdough was not too big, and just chewy enough.   I got the potato salad too,  that was delicious.  Homemade stuff.    Definitely coming back here again with a crew of friends!  

                It is rare that I experience some sort of earth shattering reaction.  I'm sure classy and educated yelpers such as yourself are thoroughly familiar with the economic concept of diminishing marginal utility.  That is, the more you have of something, the less precious it gets.  Pretty simple right?  In that vein, there is no diminishing marginal utility in eating an Angelo's Country Deli sandwich.  Each bite of the delicious confluence of bread, meat, cheese, vegetables and condiments takes you further into the depths of sandwich nirvana where it actually tastes better the fuller you get.  Also, free jerky samples are the icing on top of the delicious reality-bending nature of the sandwiches...  

                Friendly staff. The beef jerky samples are great. Beware the hot turkey is hot. After a day of drinking wine this is the spot to stop for a bite to eat. The roast beef sandwich on dutch bread was great. Nice view if your eating at the picnic bench.  

                The other best sandwich review was right. Great variety in meats, breads and sides. Very good lunch! We will come back for the fresh sausages and dinner fixens' and we are staying for the week. Nice people and friendly service. We sat at the picnic tables out front and had a great lunch break. We will be back soon!  

                I thoughtI help I'd them out by giving them a good review, but it looks like their doing just fine. But, love,love,love, their jerky.  

                We recently worked an event at Cornerstone and decided to stop in at Angelo's to grab some lunch before we needed to start work.  The sandwiches were absolutely delicious and of generous size.  The side salads were all great as well.  I spotted their turkey jerky as I headed over to the counter and had to grab a package.  Hands down, the best turkey jerky I've had.  We'll definitely plan on stopping here again next time we're in the area.  

                I don't remember which winery pointed us in this direction, but I'm eternally grateful to whoever did!  Big ass sandwiches on the cheap?  Beef jerky tastings?  Cute off the road charm?  This place has got it all.    Now IDK how I'm going to resist the jerky now that I'm new to the vegetarian club...what happens in wine country, stays in wine country?  

                JERKY JERKY JERKY  Love the samples. Loved the variety. 1 lb of jerky was gone in 12 hours between my hubby and I.   Lots of stuff in vaccum seal to take out. Next time, maybe a stop for the sandwiches.  

                I've been a fan of Angelo's for a while now, and I drop by every time I'm in Sonoma. The jerky is very good, and the deli sandwiches are too, but my absolute favorite item they offer is the award winning tri-tip. It's incredibly good, and BY FAR the best I've ever had anywhere. Throwing it on the grill and enjoying the Angelo's-style flavor is always a treat  Every time I've been here, the staff are friendly and helpful, and I will continue coming back for that tri-tip!   Recommended  

                First off, THANK YOU YELPERS for helping me find this gem of a place. I went here with my husband on our way up to Napa and planned on going for some lunch solely on the wonderful reviews on Yelp and they did not disappoint.  We missed it on the way up, it was a blink of an eye, but we did a u-turn. Found the big cow on the roof and we knew we made it. We filled out sheets of paper for our sandwich orders and had a few pieces of sample jerky. By far the best was the garlic jerky, soo soo tasty. Also tried some sample green olives and salsa.  I got a turkey sandwich on a sourdough roll and pasta salad on the side. The portions were very filling, we really should have shared one (my husband and I). After a wonderful meal eating in the Sonoma County sun, picnicking outside the deli looking across the street at rows of vineyards we decided on the way back to San Francisco we would stop by again to get more. AND we did. I got a variation on my turkey sandwich and it was just as good, oh and this time around I got the potato salad which again was so very yummy.  Not even kidding, this was one of the highlights of my trip up to Napa! Will definitely go back again and highly recommend this place for a quick bite to eat.  

                Best Jerky Ever!  A must on every trip I make to the mainland.  

                Jerky samples are plentiful, and I was not made to feel like a guilty pig for eating so many of them. We went home with three packages of jerky in varying flavors.  I will definitely try the sandwiches next time!  

                Fresh, fantastic deli meat is used here. Sandwiches/subs are custom made to order and they do pack them with a lot (maybe even a little too much meat, lol). Their famous house-made jerky are yummier than jerky that you get in a bag at convenience stores. You do get to try out free samples of each jerky flavor before you buy.  

                Friendly people, great food at an affordable price! Won't break the bank to feed the family! And they are open pretty early.  

                Angelo's didn't look like much from the outside, but worth the stop! We grabbed a couple sandwiches for lunch and they were delicious, and huge! There is no indoor seating but they have a couple covered picnic tables right out front. I didn't try the jerky bur they have a big selection of both beef and turkey jerky for those jerky fans out there.  

                My boyfriend and I were just here less than 10 min ago.   We discovered this place by mistake when we made a wrong turn. I guess it was meant to be. We saw a sign for turkey jerky and had to stop by.    They had samples out, so we tried everything from their 10 different flavored jerky to their Italian Salsa, Bbq sauce and mustard.   They also sold salami, sausages, quail, etc in the fridge.   We saw a lot of people eating their sandwiches outside at the picnic tables. Next time...I will come back to get their sandwiches.   We ended buying the hot turkey jerky and teriyaki peppered jerky. It is $28 per lb. We got two 4 oz bags for $10. So worth the money! We already finished 1 bag in the car.  You will not miss this place. Just look for a cow on top of the shop. :-)  

                A few weekends ago a handful of us went wine tasting in Sonoma/Napa. My friend kept mentioning this place that sells amazing beef jerky. I humored her, listening but not really listening, caring but not REALLY caring. I was wine tasting; who cares about jerky?  Well, apparently I DO (frantically putting hand in air)! OMGEEEE is this jerky good. They had a smattering of samples and boy-oh-boy did I do a nose dive into those suckers. After greedily indulging in one too many freebies; I landed on the peppered teriyaki. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.   Next time you're in the area, don't be a skeptic like me. Get on that sh*t! You won't be disappointed with the short pit-stop.  

                Great sandwiches and the best jerky I've ever had.  If you are in the area, it is a must for lunch.  Try Angelo's mustard and garlic salsa.  

                This is where a Manly Man gets his lunch.  Or, his Manly Dinner. There's fresh made deli sandwiches, with tasty fresh meat, fresh bread, fresh veg.  To your left: Fresh Frozen Many Meat. Of all sorts. You want rabbit? I'm pretty sure I saw some. Frozen raviolis, sauce, frozen homemade Minestrone soup, and even... Apple Pie.  To the front, the star of the show. This is what made Angelo. Manly Jerky.  This is NOT the leathery unchewable excuse for a meat product you find in your chain grocer. This is Manly Jerky, that you can bite into and taste its Manly Meaty flavor. There's a great selection of flavors, spices and types of meat, all more Manly than the next.  You will also find Angelo's homemade mustard and BBQ sauce. The mustard has the right amount of tang, even some herbs and is gorgeous - I mean uh, Manly on your turkey sandwich. The BBQ sauce is hot. It's sweet. Hey, it reminds me of me...It was one of my favorite items in the store.  Angelo's is where to stop for that no-frills, fresh and good experience. Manly Experience.  

                Great sandwich joint. People are super friendly here. I'm gonna have to virtually dock half a star until these guys get some jalapeños. Thanks, Angelo's!  

                Did not disappoint. Shared a massive Italian sand with all the trimmings & side of pasta salad. Tried not to make eye contact with a very sick feral cat.  No bathrooms or wine for sale. They need to take care of this. Fast service & spectacular quality!  

                I stop here every time I take a trip up to Sonoma/Napa.  Their jerky is absolutely addicting - but I think I know why!  Look at the ingredients list on all their jerkys.  MONOSODIUM GLUTAMATE aka MSG.    Bummer!!  I'm addicted, though....  so I'll be back.  Ha!  

                Stopping by the race track in Sonoma? Here's a great place to grab a quick lunch. Amazing. The food is top notch and flawless no matter what you order. Grabbing a sandwich for lunch is quick and easy, and very affordable! Add in some fixins like jerky or potato salad and you are set! Definitely a great spot.  

                If I could give this establishment a negative number beyond infinity I would. This rating is based on the actual food portion and not the MSG laden beef jerky that they peddle.   My friends and I stopped in for a bite to eat after seeing the sights of the valley. I had always been known to rave about the sandwiches in the area and when I saw the yelp review on this place I counted us in. I should have read the reviews (I didn't because it was a four and a half with a fair to good amount of participants...the reviews for the most part are on the MSG jerky)  but I didn't. Long and short if you like thick cuts of meat and veggies that are nearly tastless, then please swing by here. If you like it served up by an incredibly rude (close to being yelled at) woman who takes the payments then you are in for a real treat. As a footnote, please keep in mind that I consider myself and have been told that i am very easy going. So much so that when she made her first rude remark I responded by laughing and saying I guess I didn't understand...trying to calm the situation before my friend lost it. Nope it was just a continual tumble from there on out. The rest of our trip was talking about how we should have walked out of the place rather then give them our money.  

                My love affair with Angelo and his Wine Country Deli began way back when I was in college and worked at a race car shop at nearby Sears Point Raceway (now Infineon Raceway). The crew from Angelo's would make lunch deliveries to our shop. They'd even come out to deliver one sandwich. How's that for service? They'd also throw in little extras like free beef jerky from time to time.  Fortunately, I still live nearby, and Angelo's is my family's go-to place for grabbing lunch when we're in the Sonoma area. Sandwiches are huge and made with lunch meats crafted by Angelo himself. Fill out the little slip of paper for your sandwich order and hand it to the sandwich maker and go have a few samples of Angelo's legendary beef jerky, which--true story--is the fabled ambrosia of the ancient Greek gods. Especially the hot pepper and teriyaki varieties.  They don't even give my kids stink eye as they consume their body weights in free beef jerky samples (fortunately they're both still pretty little, but still...).  If you decide to split a sandwich (which my wife and I do now after the food coma I fell into when I last ate whole one myself), they'll throw in an extra Andes mint. How nice is that? They also always knock a couple bucks off our kids' boring bread-meat-cheese and nothing else sandwich, too, which is also above and beyond the call of duty.  While you're there, grab some of Angelo's sausages or bacon or some other smoked slab of meat. You won't be sorry.  

                If you ever want to blow $50-60 on the best turkey jerky EVER....this is the place!! worth every penny!!!! I love it!! they have wonderful cured meats also  

                You've gotta love a building that has a giant cow on top of it (or is it a steer?). Makes it easy to find. Plus, there's that kitsch value that I just can't get enough of.   Angelo's has great deli sandwiches, which they wrap up with a little Ande's chocolate mint taped to the top. Sweet! They also sell beef and turkey jerky, smoked meats and sausages, lasagna, giant pies, and even frozen rabbit for the adventurous palate. Bon appetit!  

                Sonoma wine tasting. That's nice. Olive oil tasting, that's good too.   BUT WHY WOULD YOU DO EITHER OF THOSE WHEN YOU CAN GO JERKY TASTING AT ANGELO'S?  Samples of Teriyaki, Plain, Cajun, BBQ, Peppered, Hot Peppered, Garlic and Turkey Jerky are laid out for your tasting pleasure.  A wide variety of smoked meats, bacons and sausages as well as Angelo's olives, marinara sauce and salsa are available.   Popular at lunch for their sandwiches and there are a few picnic tables...not exactly a tranquil setting on this busy road, but surrounded by vineyards.  From Angelo's website: "Angelo makes his jerky daily and vacuum sealed for same day freshness. People have told him that it is the the "Jerky to Die for". Call Angelo and order now, and you won't be disappointed. " *********** update 4/20/08. just had some pepper bacon (one of many varieties) from Angelo's this morning and it was dee-licious. Not fatty, pure flavor.  

                My friends and I stopped in here to grab lunch on our way back to San Francisco after a fun day in Sonoma.  We got lunch and also some beef jerky to eat now and I bought some for my brother's upcoming birthday the next month.  Everything was really yummy and good.  The part that I am truly delighted by is that after the month went by, I got the jerky out to send it to my brother and there were some white spots on it.  The person at the store confirmed it was good for at least 6 months so I wasn't sure if those were there before and I forgot or if it shouldn't be eaten.  I snapped a pic with my iphone and sent a mail to the person on their website.  They responded immediately and said not to eat it and they would send new jerky out for me and sometimes that happens if any moisture got in or there was a bad seal.  Well they mailed the jerky out directly to my brother for me AND sent him 3 packets of it when I only bought one!  What excellent customer service.  Will definitely return on my next trip to Sonoma.  

                I'm just happy this place is here. Where can you get good variety jerky and they also have their garlic stuffed olives too.  I'm always glad when I do a gig up here and know I can make it to Angelo's before they close at 5pm.  

                Whether you are on your way to the valley to do some tasting, procure some specialty ingredients, or just meander down a bike trail a lunchtime respite is always necessary.  Angelo's is a GREAT place to stop, refuel at the deli, and take a moment to admire the gorgeous Sonoma county landscape. Not only is the meat delicious, the bread fresh, and the service friendly, but the sandwiches are friggin' HUGE.   Oh and did I mention the free samples?   I believe they offer eight different kinds of their homemade jerkey, salsa, olives, and mustard. Their salsa was more like a  spicy marinara and the jerkey and olives were pretty typical, but the garlic mustard.. MmMm! I could snack on just that with a cheese and meat plate ALL day.  I LOVE the fact that they tape an Andes mint onto your sandwich box. This simple but appreciated gesture was just plain ol' CLASSY. (It's all about the small details)  

                Holy cow. In the parking lot, just killed a BBQ sandwich. Amazing. I wish I lived closer. That is all.  

                By far the best jerkey on the planet.  Great Sandwiches...Angelo makes eveything from his farm raised animals.  The smoked turkey is the best I have had, you can get home made bacon or rabbit or whole smoked pigs.  His itallian salsa should be a staple in every pantry.  You will go for the Jerkey but you will come back for the sandwiches and the italian salsa and smoked meats.  David Letterman has this jerkey shipped accross country because there isn't a better product to be found anywhere.  My favorite is the Spicy Turkey but the peppered terriaki i pretty epic too.  Everytime I make a trip to San Francisco from the Napa Valley I stop by this roadside gem.  

                Angelo's continues to deliver the goods, and by 'goods' I mean top-notch, tasty-fresh beef jerky, just soft enough to be juicy but with enough toughness to have a rugged gloriousness to it. As I've said before, go bold and get a variety that is either hot, cajun, peppered, even teriyaki.  Angelo's also offers up their own bottles of garlic salsa and bbq sauce, both pungent takes that do magic things to your tongue and belly. Get them both. And get the marinara sauce, while you're at it.  

                We ordered: BBQ PORK  SANDWICH- this was super tasty.. esp with the horse radish. TURKEY with CRANBERRY- very good!  The sandwiches are really good.. the bread is nice and chewy. The sides on the other hand is ok. The sample of jerky that they have is ... well I'm really not into thick pieces of jerky..   I will definitely be back!  

                Beef Jerky. Massive $6 sandwiches with fresh deli meat, freshly made pasta, potato, and macaroni salads... have I got your attention?  Make sure to stop into Angelo's every time you're in Sonoma. It's impossible to be disappointed here. You'll walk into a tiny little deli with a very simple menu, and friendly people. Be sure to sample some of their beef jerky, and definitely buy some while you're there.   I ordered a roast beef sandwich with horseradish and some fixings. I also got some potato salad on the side. $8 when you get a sandwich and side or $6 for just the sandwich. Holy crap, this is one of the best sandwiches I might have ever had. Everything was as fresh as can be. The Andes mints taped to the top and inside of my styrofoam tray was a nice touch. Careful though... when you order horseradish on your sandwich... it tastes pretty fresh and it will seriously clear your sinuses in a not so painless way. YUM.   I regret not purchasing beef jerky the last time I was here. All the more reason to go back!  

                Great little stop for a deli sandwich. Angelo's smokes their own meat so their sandwiches are very tasty. Jerky is excellent too! No bathrooms so have your kids go before you arrive! The only seating is a couple of picnic tables outside so on a cold or wet day it may not be the most comfortable.  

                Have had their jerky several times.  It is okay - nothing to rave about. But it depends how you like your jerky.   Their sandwiches are pretty good but how can you go wrong with procuitto!  

                Very good jerky and pretty good sandwiches. Visited the place numerous times and always pretty good for a reasonable price. Is this a world class place? No. Is it very good place for a quick sandwich? Yes. The smoked fish is excellent as well as the sauces and pastas. Perhaps is should be a 3.5 rating? No. A 3.59758944221 rating? Yes.  

                This is a very good sandwich shop. They also know their clientele pretty well! My husband and I walked in and started to review the menu up on the wall.  The sandwich maker kindly advised us to pick up the little form and fill it out with our sandwich choices.  We were very happy with our choices.  The meat was excellent, the condiments good and the bread fresh.  We had 2 sandwiches, 2 bottled drinks and 2 bags of chips.  Our total cost, just over $18. There is no indoor seating.  This is really for take out orders. We were visiting Jacuzzi and Cline Wineries and had decided to picnic on the grounds at Cline.  We will definitely stop at Angelo's again. Next time maybe we'll split a sandwich and get some of the jerky.  I bet it goes great with wine!  

                Do you LOVE jerky? Succulent beef or turkey? Hot and spicy, or terriyaki? If so, DO NOT pass up this pit stop whilst in the wine country.  Angelo's has got it going on. Jerky, ham for two, garlic stuffed olives, salsa...mmMMmmmM.  I like to sample ALL the jerky...multiple times. And the samples are very generous chunks of meat. If you don't see the flavor you want in the vacuum sealed packs, you can choose yours a la carte at the counter. It's kinda pricey, but seriously SO WORTH IT.   Moist. Chewy. Delicious.   So good.  

                Angelo's is an institution.  They make amazing beef jerky, mustards, salsas and sammiches.   It's a must stop on your way up to the Whine Country, especially if you've got rugrats who need a break on the long drive.  Here's how you find it:  * After Sears Point (aka, the ecological armageddon that I'm going to blow up one day), whiz past the "travel center" on your right.  Don't even acknowledge it.    * Then glance at, but do not bother to pull into The Fruit Basket on your left, unless you are a millionaire and a rube.    * Then admire the little planes at the "airport" on your right.    *  Gape/wince at that horrifying sculpture garden thing while trying to keep your eye on the road and then -- whoa, there's the little sign with the picture of the cow on it!    * TAKE A RIGHT!    It's not cheap -- but it's not a rip off, because this is dang good stuff.  It's absolutely the best roadside stop you can make on your journey.  

                So would another review stating that they have amazing jerky even be helpful? If so, here ya go.   No lie, its the shit. That said, my personal favorite is the VIP flavor, which is a mix of the garlic and the hot marinated in a white wine.   Another tip -- spend a decent amount there, just because it is so good that you'll wish you had more when you do run out. The jerky is vacuum sealed so it will keep for a while.   I heard they have decent sandwiches too. Wouldn't know -- I always load up on the free samples prior to my jerky purchase, thereby saving a meal...yeah I know, real classy....but shit, its a jerky place.  

                "So deep in this sandwich I have mustard on my cheeks"  This little spot is a hidden gem.  I bread is always fresh, lots of meat, cheese and toppings. NOM!!!  The ham is delicious, never salty like I have tasted else where. The chicken salad is to die for.    I also like the tuna salad, however some days it has a little too much onion for my liking.  Ps... If you like beef jerky... YOU HAVE TO TRY THEIRS!  

                Good sandwiches; GREEEAT JERKY!  It's a bit pricey, but well worth it. And they let you sample tons of jerky first so you know what you're buying.  I left with $40 worth of turkey jerky and the VIP jerky and almost forgot about the sandwich I ordered.  

                Been a regular customer from SF since maybe 12+ years now.  I always make a stop everytime i come to the wineries. I was just here for Ceasar Chavez and i was fortunate enough to made it on time before they close @ 5. (i guess it's best if you stop here first before getting drunk lol)   Angelo's known for their beef jerkey, and i must say that this the best jerky i have ever had and it's not hard dry or difficult to eat/chew. It's a little pricier compared to your average Safeway/Costco jerky, but the quality and taste is def worth it! They have many flavors, but my all time favorite is the teriyaki and the spicy one.  

                BBQ beef is wonderful. Loved it  Service was great and jerky is the bomb all flavors are great.  

                A big disappointment considering all the raves this place was getting on Yelp.   Its basically just a run down little sandwich shop with a limited selection that happens to sell house-made jerky. Big whoop.  Definitely not a great place to stop off with my children on a visit to Train Town. After almost an hour of "are we there yet," the limited lunch options plus dried meats minus public bathrooms equaled getting back in the car within minutes to find another place to eat.  

                Hands down, the best jerky around - so flavorful with perfect texture. Yum! The sandwiches here... not as amazing due to the price but good if you're out that way and need something for lunch.  

                Okay everyone....  REALITY CHECK.  Yes, the jerky is good.  BUT, this place has a 5-star average review on Yelp?  French Laundry could only muster 4.5 stars.  We stopped in mostly because of all the reviews and had two sandwiches...yes, they were fine.  And we tried the free samples of jerky.  Yes, the jerky was good.  But come on, it's JERKY.  Everyone is gushing like this place is the second coming of Christ in jerky form.  

                Amazing Sandwiches!  The jerky wasn't that exciting for me, but the sandwiches are the best in Sonoma.  

                The best deli lunch we had. My simple prosciutto sandwich was simple fresh and nicely done. The thing i rave about though is their smoked jerky that are all done at Petaluma at their own smoke house.   We "sample" way too many and bought home a few packs for my folks to try.   I saw a sign outside that said something like: will smoke your own meat, I think they are referring to people that hunt and will smoke their deer or whatever. But on second thought, we are in California, there are just not that many amateur hunters around here. (Maybe they mean: roadkill. It is not unusual around our neighborhood to see dead deer or rabbit on the curbside)  

                If you like beef jerky you must take 5 mins and stop in this little shop. We always tried their free samples (and then bought $25.00 worth of jerky) and stopped for a nice sandwich when we were up in Sonoma for some wine. It's a good option if you are on a budget and want a fresh deli sandwich made to order. They have most deli meats for sandwiches. Try a Prosciutto with provolone and you won't be disappointed!  They only offer outdoor picnic table seating and light refreshments, so don't expect luxury. Angelo's is all about quality smoked foods, not fine dining. This place is amazing. It's worth your time.  

                The girlfriend and I are slowly running out of reasons to cross into the Napa Valley during the quarterly visits we receive from out-of-town guests. The last reason we had was that none of the lunch spots in Sonoma weren't much to our liking. That changed when we discovered Angelo's.  It's a deli. That means sandwiches. But what you get is a huge, gut bomb of a sandwich perfect for sopping up a day of wine tasting. The meats are fresh tasting, and make for very good sandwich. Although, that's not the entire raison d'etre for Angelo's. While you're waiting for your sandwich, you'll be tempted by the array of free samples of jerky and sauces. You'll be tempted. The jerkies are all really, really awesome, as are most of the sauces. We ended up buying a jar of garlic mustard, and it's been very rewarding. We used it as a base for our traditional baked chicken recipe (yes, we cook at home once every blue moon) and it made us want to make it again the next night.  If you're in Sonoma, this place is well worth your while.  

                Love the turkey jerky, the garlic mustard, and the sandwiches!  

                Review is for beef jerkey only.  2.5 stars.  This little store is right on the way into Sonoma.  It's cute, they make their own jerkey on the premises. I LOVE beef jerkey and yes, they have lots of varieties, including a turky jerkey and samples (big chunks of meaty samples), but nothing knocked my socks off.  The spicy was pretty spicy, but the 'VIP" flavor seemed plain to me.  Terriyaki was good, but nothing special.  I had better beef jerkey from a tiny package at REI.  I guess it depends how you like the texture/chewiness of your jerkey.  If anything, come here for the novelty and to support local beef jerkey makers, get a quick jerky/snack fix before heading further north.  The place seemed popular, with lots of people stopping in.  

                Hard to believe I haven't reviewed this place after the number of times I've enjoyed their turkey jerky. I actually have a package in my house right now, that I will promptly consume as soon as I get home.   Angelo's sign doesn't lie - it's "to die for." Next time you're on 121, pull over here and enjoy. It's a great place to stock up on snacks for a day of wine tasting or grab a sandwich for lunch.  

                HOLY CRAP!  I love this place, not only would the free samples of the various beef jerky flavors be enough to draw me in for a deli sandwich, but the salsa, garlic stuffed olives and deli sandwiches are also delicious....  Obviously a deli's flavor is subjective to the fact that lets face it, some people just suck and order crappy sandwiches.  Like a turkey with mayonnaise and cheese.  C'mon, go back to 3rd grade mayonnaise and cheese guy.  If you come to a deli, you better order a sandwich with not only cheese, but tomatoes, lettuce, pepperchihi's, garlic sauce and mustard as well to get the full effect.  If you're really daring, throw some onions and pickles in the mix.  (Make sure you pick the spicy mustard they make in house, it's garlic infused and you wont be disappointed!)  Plus you can order your sandwich with a side of potato or macaroni salad, and they even give you a mint.  "Thank GOD!"    Make sure if you're eating at angelo's, everyone orders the garlic sauce so you don't breathe fire and burn them.  oh, and bring me back some jerky will you!?  

                I am obsessed with this place! One of my favorite food spots in wine country. All of the jerky is homemade and amazing (the turkey jerky and teriyaki jerky being my favorites). In fact, my husband and I love it so much we ordered a bunch and had it shipped to Brooklyn. Their sandwiches are also awesome. Whichever one you pick, you have to get it on their dutch crunch bread. The staff is also incredibly nice. My friends and I went to their other location on the way to Petaluma and got a whole bunch of jerky and amazing beef bacon to try from Angelo himself. The only downside is that they don't have a location in NYC!  

                If you love beef jerky, this is a must stop on any wine tasting trip.  They have a million kinds of jerky and you can sample them all.  And we are talking meaty delicious jerky not the kind from Costco.  You can buy it packaged or fresh out of the container - I suggest fresh for your wine tasting needs and packaged for later.  Their terriyaki, bbq and chipotle makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  You will seriously stuff your face until your jaw hurts from all that chewing and keep eating even when your face can't handle anymore.  

                The food was terrible.  There was an elderly woman working the register who could not have been more rude if she tried.  

                This was a fantastic find on the side of the road in Sonoma. Me and my friends had just finished up wine tasting at some of the nearby wineries and decided to come in for some sandwiches here. The questionable smell of cows outside the place notwithstanding, we still made inside to a small little deli that was dominated mainly by their sandwich counter but also a little sample area for jerky.  Jerky? I was surprised at first, I didn't know there was jerky out in the middle of nowhere to be had. But I sampled some of the jerky while I was waiting for my sandwich to finish up and found out how great it tasted. I grabbed a couple of sticks for the road, which I would polish off later that night.  First things first, the sandwich I had (prosciutto) was pretty good, but it was like most delis, you can customize it to your liking, so any reasonable deli would get it done right since you're getting the sandwich you want. But it's the jerky here that gives this place that fifth star in my book, I don't know many jerky places but I know that when you have the jerky here, you'll wonder what you had been either with the boring Safeway bought variety. I don't think I can look at that stuff the same anymore. The jerky here was so flavorful, it was the epitome of what jerky should be.  I wouldn't mind coming back out to Sonoma just for the jerky. My friends can drink up all the wine, I'll save my money for the cured meats.  

                BEST JERKY EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  OK, i'll try to provide a little more information.  i brought some friends here recently.  i told them in advance that it was the best jerky ever.  they were all pretty whatever about it...like, how great can jerky be?  then when they hit th free samples they all went nuts.  they had to acknowledge how right i was.  and the bombtastic sammiches we got for lunch didn't hurt at all either.    i had been to Angelo's in almost three years.  i was really excited to finally be getting a chance to stop by again after falling in love with it back then.  it did not disappoint and it lived up to all my hype.  also, the BBQ, garlic salsa, and garlic mustard are all awesome as well.  i neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed to try the bacon on of these days...i love bacon and with how good everything else is at Angelo's, i can only imagine how happy the bacon will make me feel.  STOP HERE ANYTIME U ARE IN SONOMA, IT WILL BE WORTH IT!!!  

                I don't know what I can say that the previous reviews haven't already. This place is awesome! The turkey jerky is the best on the planet, followed closely by the vip beef jerky (also found here at Angelo's). The sandwiches are large and YUMMY! If you don't fall in love with this place, then you need to seek professional help. Also, don't think you can get one little bag of jerky and share, it won't happen and can cause friendships to crumble.  

                We stayed for the second time at a Glen Ellen hilltop vacation rental for our every other year family reunion consisting of ten grandkids, one grandma and four sets of parents.  OMG the oldest kids went wine tasting with us grown-ups. We're getting old!  Cruising thru Sonoma, we didn't try Angelo's last time (hubs couldn't attend that year), but he is so excited we did this time. We stopped in with our niece, the 23 year old who enjoys her wines, and had a blast sampling copious amounts of jerky and olives. I loved that they had a casual little samples display, unmanned, and didn't seem to mind that we tried every single one! Hubs laid down $40 for what he said was the best jerky ever, and for very reasonably priced canadian ham chunks that I later turned into an awesome mushroom and ham omelet back on the $4000 per week hilltop.  I'm just sorry we didn't get a sandwich. The young guy at the counter was patient and friendly when I asked him about the various sandwich offerings, even though I ended up not ordering one. Next time, the mixed Italian meats one is a done deal!  

                If you like beef jerky you have to stop here.  They have a little sampling counter to help you make your decision of which jerky you like best.  My boyfriend and I stop here everytime we pass buy.  Perfect jerky for a long car ride to San Fran.  Deli sandwiches are worth the price.  They are stuffed full of meaty goodness.  Just how a deli should be.  The best thing about this place is that you can donate a dollar and Angelo will send jerky to our troops overseas.  One tip though the jerky is perishable and doesn't last for more than a couple days.  Keep it in a zip lock & in the fridge if you plan on savin it for later.  

                I can never eat jerky again after trying Angelo's... ...because their jerky is HEAVEN and makes all other jerky taste like cardboard.    We stopped here for lunch on our way to Train Town for a birthday party, not really familiar with restaurants in the sonoma area, so I came here from reviews and we decided to drive out of the way to come here. I am so glad we did!  Sandwiches were amazing also, (They smoke most of their own meat, and have alot more meat choices than what is shown on the menu board) and of course we had to get some jerky. They have more flavor choices than I thought were imaginable for jerky. Our favorites were the garlic, pepper-teriyaki and turkey jerky.   One star off for lack of standing room and service. I think my bedroom is bigger than this place, and its like a can of sardines if you go in on a beautiful weekend day. Also, there is no "line", just shove your way up to the sandwich counter to be ignored by the young girl at the counter.  Oh well, the food made up for it :)  

                "To Die For"  We laughed because we came from the other side of the street and you have to make a left into the parking lot , crossing a BUSY street.. But it was worth it.   They had all their jerky displayed for sampling-- thick nugget sized, some sauces with bread, and chips and salsa.   I literally stood there munching on all these things and no one made me feel like a spazz for it. It's addictive. We left with $15 worth of jerky.. not to mention everything we already ate there.  You can't miss this place.. There's a serious cow on the roof.  

                We tasted all the jerkies and I honestly couldn't discern much of a difference between most of them, other than spicyness, and I do have a discerning palate.  It was quite thick and meaty, but I prefer the thin flat jerky, which I actually make myself by marinating flank steak (or sirloin) and then hanging on the racks of my oven at the lowest heat for several hours.  If I were to purchase it here, I would get the turkey jerky since I can't make that at home.    We also sampled the salsa, barbecue sauce, and garlic stuffed olives, which were all wonderful and reasonably priced.   In the end, though, we bought what we came for, which was a late lunch to anchor our stomachs pre-wine tasting (at Jacuzzi and Matanzas).  My husband and I split a root beer and a Toscano salami sandwich with the works ($7), which was generously portioned and hit the spot. The Andes mint taped to the top of each half (they graciously wrapped them separately) was a nice touch.  My husband ate his first, and I ate mine last.  Guess we know who the two-marshmellow kid in the family is...  We ate at one of two tables in front of the deli, and our view of the major thoroughfare (Arnold Drive) was suddenly obstructed by the a pick-up truck (no doubt locals) whose driver parked directly in front of us (instead of one spot over), so we could absorb the heat and of his engine as well as the day.  Ah well, we were enjoying our food and anticipating the rest of our wine country adventure too much to let that spoil our meal.  

                Very good I am gonna say Italian influenced deli.  They MAKE THEIR OWN MEATS here.  A happening Pastrami sandwich on fresh sourdough and tasty macaroni salad on side always hits the spot. The pastami is leaner and more hamlike rather than the fatty and greasy type, but it is still very good and completely satisfying.  Been coming here for 5 or 6 years. Never had a bad experience. Beef Jerky is good, fresh and tasty. I don't think it's the best on the planet as a lot of people are saying, but it is a strong competitor.  They also sell all kinds of homemade hams, sausages and etc.   Picnic benches outside with nice view of hills.   Its a small place and you can miss it if you aren't looking for it and turning around is real gamey out here as it is on a fast and busy 2 lane highway. SO be careful when pulling in AND out.  

                Forget wine tasting.  My pastrami sandy on dutch crunch was oh so yummy and worth the drive out to Sonoma!    Oh and FYI, the black pepper jerky was easily my fav.    MMM MMM GOOD.  

                During a day of wine-tasting and touring around napa, this place was an excellent choice to take a break and chill for lunch. My friends and I all ordered sandwiches, which were the highlight for me. You get a huge choice of meats, all the normal add-ons, condiments, and also their D'Angelo's Garlic Mustard (I can't believe I FORGOT to order that! But i tasted some of my friends', and I loved it!). And you have a choice of a bunch of breads. For $9, it was definitely worth it for the sandwich and a pasta salad.  They have a great selection of jerky, though to me it kinda all tastes the same. But everyone seemed to enjoy it, so why not!  

                ***** five more stars for Angelo's  My friends and I were ecstatic to see our beloved beef jerky place.  We passed by it over a decade ago, but couldn't remember where it was probably because we were so drunk after the wine tasting.  Anyhow, we have been searching for it since then.  We always thought it was on the way to Napa, but it was kind-of-but- not-really there.    I highly recommend: 1. Garlic beef jerky 2. Black pepper beef jerky 3. Turkey jerky 4. Really hot beef jerky  Once you have your jerky, buy bread and cheese there, then go to Jacuzzi to taste wines and chill.  

                dehydrated and flavored animal meat tasting heaven  

                Hubby says this is the best beef jerky he's ever had in his life, but we've only tried the Cajun and the VIP which are not my favorite flavors for jerky.  Given the thick yet tender pieces, I am willing to give Angelo's 5 stars in anticipation of trying the teriyaki and peppered versions.  The sandwiches are pretty good, too.  I think they should put more meat on the sandwiches, but otherwise the complete take-out box more than makes up for this with garlicky cole slaw or macaroni salad and a salt packet and an Andes mint taped to the inside of the cover.  Beware sitting out in the hot sun while eating, though, as the chocolate does melt in seconds.  I know -- it happened to me and I was unable to save mine...  

                Great place!  Stopped here to pick up a picnic lunch to eat at Larson Family Winery just down the street.  Really nice staff.  Had the pastrami sandwich with potato salad and both were awesome.  Perfect picnic lunch.  They also had a ton of jerky samples - very yummy.  Will have to stop here for jerky and more delicious sandwiches next time I'm in the area!  

                Fresh beef jerky, mmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Beef jerky for all moods, spicy, garlic, teriyaki, etc, etc. Vip is pretty unique, white wine and garlic, mmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!! And lastly jive turkey jerky, mmmmmm!!!!11  

                Do not be intimidated by the tacky cow that serves as a beacon to this jerkey heaven. The decor isn't very upscale for the area but the quality of the food is what this 5 star review is based on.   Angelo's has about 10 different flavors of beef jerkey (and turkey jerkey) that are to die for. They cyrovac them so I often stock up to take with me on vacation or can send to friends as a special treat. Anyone who tries this will be immediately hooked.   Their sandwiches are great and at $6 a pop, it's the best deal in town for lunch. This place never gets too crowded or runs out of things (which often occurs at the Oakville Grocery).  This is truly Sonoma's best kept secret.  

                Dropped by here to pick up lunch en route to our Napa weekend getaway.  A solid three stars--the sandwiches and jerky were good, but I wouldn't rave about them like they were the best things in the world.  Definitely stop by if you happen to be in the area, but it's not necessary to go out of your way just to drop in.  I loved how kind everyone was there.  My sister and her boyfriend got a sandwich to share, and the cashier taped two Andes mints to their sandwich, telling them they couldn't split a mint, and I thought that was just so cute and thoughtful!  Jerky is $28 a pound, and there are plenty of samples to try!  You can also sample their mustard and salsa.  You can order your jerky by weight, which they put in a paper bag for you, or you can just pick the sealed packages.  Our half pound of jerky did not last long--so maybe we should have bought some sealed jerky to ward off temptation.  Again, the jerky was good, but I don't feel the need to go back just to get it.  Just a note to keep in mind is that they do not have public restrooms, and there is nothing on the road next door, so don't plan on making that kind of pit stop here!  There are two plastic tables outside the store where you can sit and eat your sandwiches.  I'm not sure if they are ever cleaned--my husband accidentally spilled some water on the table and when we wiped the water away we were surprised to see a big white patch revealed--confirming that what I originally thought was a gray plastic table was actually white.  Luckily, no one had to pee and we enjoyed our simple and tasty lunch.  

                Angelo's has the best jerky I've ever tasted, and their sandwiches can't be beat.  The hearty strips of smoked meats make Slim Jims cower and question their identity.  Out on all the savory flavors of jerky, the peppered, BBQ, garlic, and turkey are the best.   Angelo's also sells great sausages-  Next time you're in Sonoma, make it a point and stop.  Vegetarians are not welcome (well they may be, Angelo's sells chips in the corner).  There's a huge cow on the roof you can't miss it.  

                The beef jerky is amazing! VIP is the flavor to try. I bought two bags with 3 strips each and my total came out to $18; it's worth every penny!  

                Angelo himself is the shizzle and his jerky is AMAZING!  Every time I go in he shows us pictures of himself (and various women) back in the day.  Love that man.  

                Everything out of this place taste fantastic!!! No lie. EVERYTHING...  

                I like beef jerky but I never really buy any. Except here. I'll make a stop just for the original beef jerky. A pound for $25 seems excessive, until you try it. I usually get a couple pounds just to make my trip worth it.   Here's a tip. After you buy your jerky, leave it in the brown paper bag to soak up some of that fat. Sometimes when you buy large quantities, they get it directly from their storage in those sealed poly bags. Seems to be super greasy when they just come out.   Oh, and if you decide to pick up sausage or other meat products, the cabernet sausage thing has a odd smell and the bacon is hairy.  Hairy as in pig hair.  As in someone forgot to shave the pig.  Seriously.  

                incredible beef jerky. my favorites are black pepper, teriyaki, and garlic. wonderful olives and a zesty marinara sauce. all made locally in house in Sonoma. gourmet items that wow the taste buds.  

                I stop here everytime on my way to Sonoma or Napa for one reason and one reason only.  JERKY.  It's the best.  Try them all... it's not cheap, but you won't find better.  I fell asleep drunk with some in my mouth.  When I woke up, it was still good.  I fell asleep drunk another time with some in my lap.  When I came to, it was on the ground.  I ate it and it was still good.  I don't eat just anything off the ground, only the good stuff.  Dude, that's some serious jerky.  Get it and get it good.  If you can't decide, get the spicy ones.  Me love those longtime.  Try the garlic salsa too.  *drool*  

                Our go to spot when getting sandwhiches on the way out of town. Stopped the other day and were reminded of why we love this place; great food and prices and service. Beef Jerky, smoked meats, including sausage and bacon, yummmm, bacon.  

                The best beef jerky I have ever had.  The sandwiches are good, but the beef jerky is totally worth a stop by.  They also have loads of free samples so you can figure out which kind of jerky is your favorite before buying.  

                First of all, it's not a fancy schmancy deli.  It's a whole in the wall type of place where they make the beef jerkey in the back and they have just a front area with a two glass refrigeration cases for the deli meats and a counter with I think about 8 kinds of jerkey.  Also, Angelo does not work there.  He is at the main factory somewhere else.  However, I have to give it 5 stars because the beef jerkey is so delicious.  At about 11 dollars an ounce, it's DELICIOUS and definitely worth getting.  You can also try as much as you want too.    I LOVE THEIR GARLIC BEEF JERKEY-- so soft and so good!  My boyfriend and I loved how the jerkey wasn't too thin and it was very MEATY.  It's SO GOOD with the bottles of wine you're going to purchase at the local wineries.  

                Angelo's is a great place to pick up a sandwich & some beef jerky. Especially if you are out for a day of wine tasting in the Sonoma Valley!  

                This is the first stop on any trip up to Napa. The sandwich's are amazing, try the pork lion. The man and I can easily spend $20 on beef jerky. Who does that? My faves are the teriyaki and turkey all washed down with root beer, YUM!      It really doesn't get any better than this.  

                I love their Italian salsa.  It is heaven on a chip.  I always get a half sandwich with garlic mustard so I can save room for the best macaroni salad in the planet.  No joke.  

                Five stars for the beef jerky. Or maybe 6. My sandwich we got wasn't anything special (though my companions were pretty good), but who even cares? Just get more beef jerky. Mmmmmmm.  

                So good!!  The best beef jerkey! They will trade for bubbles too!!  They have several kinds of jerkey and it's expensice but it's all made fresh by Angelo himself in Petaluma at their house and their other location. The sandwiches are yummy too, good for a stop when you're coming through from SF to go to that part of the wine country. The people are nice and there is one table out front to eat but grab a sandwich and some jerkey and head up to Gkloria Ferrer and have bubbles with it! That's a great day.  

                Yum!  My wife thinks the jerky (garlic, pepper teriyaki) are as good as it gets.  I'm a little partial to a certain place in Lake Havasu, AZ, but Angelos is still really good.  The deli sandwiches are also quite good, and I love the ordering process: Take a card, circle what you want, hand it to them.  I wish more places did that.  We didn't try it, but they also sell lots of more unusual meats (rabbit, etc).  Also, you can drop a dollar into a jar at the register to help send jerky to troops serving abroad (photos are on the wall).  A very nice touch.  

                This isn't really a review of Angelo's Jerky but of Angelo.  The guy is a master.  He catered an affair at a friend's house, brought an entire lamb, and carved it on the spot.  Holy god, it was one of the best meats I've ever had.  Sorry, Angelo but I can't really bring myself to eating jerky.  But if I were to....  

                Haven't had jerky so good since I lived in the Midwest.  Try the turkey jerky!  Sandwiches were huge and oh so yummy.  

                World's best jerky anywhere.  I'll go 15 miles out of the way to stop by and get a few pounds, thinking they will last until the weekend....somehow they get demolished within the first couple of days.  The owner is a crack up, to boot!  Just found out they ship!  You get your jerky within a week.  

                This place is DA BOMB!!!!!!!! Bring a cooler!!!!!!!  Totally worth a trip up from the Bay Area. We got a sandwich, some salami, some jerky... You can literally get any type of meat here, and it's super authentic -- jerky made on site. They will smoke anything you bring in, and they even have things like rabbit in the freezer that you can buy (I got a kick out of this... it looks like a little frozen rabbit!). The woman who works here is totally adorable, and there are photos all over the wall of family and little articles about the place. I felt so so good about spending money there. :)  We were sad that we hadn't brought a cooler to bring meat home -- next time!  

                Angelos is a stop on your way into Napa or on your way back home.  They have a bunch of canned goods like sauces, salsa and olives to go along with the sandwich you'll probably order because you have the munchies.  The main reason to come here are the jerkies.  All are good, especially the turkey!!!  Too bad I only picked up a couple of packs.  Oh yeah, you can sample all of them while your waiting in line!  

                When you want some stiff meat...  Thought Chip B. was being a cheap*ss when he tried to swap me some Angelo's beef jerkey for the remaining of a Fig Cafe wild mushroom pizza. Well, at $25/lb that be some serious meat. This little deli is a great stopping point between Carneros wine region and northern Sonoma Valley. It's where the wine junctions cross and there's a decent gas station. Look for the fiberglass cow out front.  

                They do not mess around when it comes to their jerky. Where else can you spend $23 on 3 packs of jerky - AND be completely psyched with your purchase? The Cajun was our favorite hands down. Can't wait to be driving through Sonoma again. Need...more...jerky...  

                i'm cheating with this review ... :]  i haven't really gone to angelo's myself, but my friend did, and thanks to him and his thoughtfulness in thinking of MOI and picking up one of my favorite treats -- beef jerky... YUM! =)  angelo's sure has some great homemade peppered beef jerky.. it was so yummy ... so, make sure to pick one up as you please as you make it through the wineries ...   i'm not going to say it was the very best, but i will say it was good ... mebe because i love beef jerky... hehe.. one thing i loved about THIS beef jerky over the others is that this wasn't the one where you had to yank the jerky with your teeth, it was cut into lil small squares where it was easy to nibble on and so much more~  

                best beef jerky you will ever have GUARANTEED!  eat as much free samples of jerky as you like while you wait for your amazing deli sandwich that is made with homemade garlic mustard.  i wish i could go here everyday for lunch.  

