                Never been to New Orleans, but friends say the chow here is pretty close.. Our sample list... Hush Puppies..Yummy browned corn meal. Gumbo =Yummy All good, this was my 3rd visit. Parking in the area sucks & we parked blocks away in a residential area. Busy every time I have been, call aheadfor reservations.  

                Oh my goodness, it should be a crime for any Southern cuisine to taste this damn good this far west of the Mississippi River. I can't believe it took me 5 years post-undergrad to try this place out, and to think that I graduated from Cal...  We made reservations for a Sunday lunch, which was actually a really good idea. For those who are planning on visiting on the weekend - it gets pretty crowded!!  The restaurant itself is nothing special. I do like the exposed brick wall and the fact that the decor isn't as gaudy as most places in NOLA tend to be. There is only just a slight Southern touch to the restaurant, but definitely enough to bring back the memories!   We ordered the gumbo, two orders of the jambalaya, the shrimp po'boy, and a house salad for our starter:  The house salad was really one to remember! It was sweet, savory, and oh so fresh! I cannot rave about the dressing enough!! The candied pecans added a nice (Southern) touch as well!  The jambalaya was superb, it really was. It was bursting with flavor and loaded with sausage/chicken!! It was definitely comparable to some of the better jambalayas that I've had in the Big Easy!  The shrimp po'boy was everything that you would expect a po'boy to be, but it wasn't anything to write home (or back to Louisiana, I guess) about.  I was hoping that it wouldn't be fried (because my mom hates fried foods), but I guess I should have expected it.  The gumbo was a little too salty for our taste. What we did eat, we ate with a lot of rice. We ended up packaging most of it to go so that we could eat it with more rice at home...  I've been to NOLA several times in the past few years, and I must say that Angeline's matches (or even surpasses) many of the restaurants known for their Southern flavors.  This is definitely a gem in downtown Berkeley, and I can't wait to be back!  

                I've been here twice now and it's the most recent experience that's prompted me to write this review.  I came here for a casual date around 8 PM for dinner and we were seated at the bar, where you would expect great service since they're... well... right there. Food came out pretty slowly and the waiters/waitresses were generally very inattentive... we would ask for suggestions on the food and they would say "oh yeah it's good" then turn away... like what?  The voodoo shrimp is a big disappointment. It tasted like Panda Express, super salty and overcooked.   The baked mac and cheese tasted like the shit you get at a buffet.  Overall, very disappointed and will not be returning... there's no soul in this soul food, ya feel?  

                LOVE IT.   My two friends and I were craving fried chicken and decided to come here late afternoon and got seated almost immediately. The interior decor is very homey and interesting! There's a lot of tidbits to look at.  Let's just say, the serving sizes were huge! We ordered 2 entrees and one side, and we had to force ourselves to eat it all! And, the three of us can eat a lot.   We got the Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Jambalaya, and a side of Baked Mac and Cheese. The fried chicken strips were so juicy! It was perfectly coated and deep fried, it was so good it didn't matter that weren't chicken wings.   If you love spicy, then you have to get the jambalaya. MY MOUTH WAS ON FIRE! But the spice with all the flavors worked so well together. It is jam-packed a lot of meat, each bite probably contained more meat than rice, but I'm not complaining. I was so disappointed when we reached the end of the bowl, I wished I could've stomached more. Till next time jambalaya!  That baked mac and cheese is probably the best I've had! It tasted fresh and perfectly al dente. The baked cheese on top was perfect! It was crunchy, gooey, and and absolutely decadent.  Overall, I would reorder everything again! All the dishes were so memorable in their own ways. If I'm ever craving cajun/creole food, Angeline's is on the top of my list!  P.S. No free street parking, they have a parking lot in the front but is always full. Try the perpendicular streets!  

                I finally got the chance to try this place in December. A group of 5 of us had dinner here on a Monday. We shared the gumbo bowl, Voodoo BBQ shrimp over rice, hush puppies, mac & cheese, crawfish etouffee, and jambalaya. The bbq shrimp and crawfish étouffée were served over rice, and was very saucy. There were plenty of shrimp and crawfish in each dish. The hush puppies were amazing, as was the mac&cheese. My favorite was the jambalaya. It was filled with roasted chicken, ham & andouille sausage, and contained a lot of bold flavors.   Our waitress, and the other waiter than brought us our food were not very friendly. My glass of water was always empty and I had to flag her down for a refill. The other waiter had an attitude when he brought us our food.   Overall, the food is great, but the service could use some improvement.  

                Angeline's has been one of my sentimental restaurant choices in Berkeley -- like Jupiter's -- I associate it with birthdays, graduations, roommate reunions, and many happy moments.  It's impossible to write a review without putting a little emotion into it and I only hope Angeline's will provide you with as many "comfortable" memories as they do (comfort) food. :)  With that said, the food is solid - not the best - but certainly tasty at a reasonable price.  Favorites? - Crawfish etouffee or the fried cheese grits w/crawfish etouffee.  Basically, anything etouffee here is really good!!  I was impressed with the sauce and the crawfish - all picked, peeled, and processed were plentiful. - Fried anything - fried catfish, hush puppies, po boys.  Get 'em.  They do a good fry here! - Mac and Cheese.  Solid, classic baked mac.  Hits the spot.  Solid, but not the best - Buttermilk fried chicken, 4 strips of boneless fried chicken breast with green beans and sweet potatoes.  A 100% white meat rendition of fried chicken could rarely squeeze 5 stars out of me.  The gravy was good, but didn't add that savory factor I enjoy like the fried chicken gravy at 900 Grayson (don't get me started).   - Jambalaya.  If you like a meat-heavy jambalaya, which I'm on the fence on, Angeline's packs a full bowl of jambalaya with chicken, ham, and andouille sausage. - Sauteed brussel sprouts - should be called "butter sprouts," because that's all I tasted!  

                Hmm I really wanna give it more stars but I'm having mixed feelings. I definitely need to give it another shot. I've heard people rave about this place so the fiancé decided to have his birthday dinner here. Good thing we made reservations because it was packed. We were escorted to our seats right away and was greeted immediately. Our service was awesome and I was definitely feeling the ambiance. I just wish I felt the same way about the dishes I had.   I ordered the Fried Catfish served with potato salad, tartar sauce & hushpuppies w/honey butter and I ordered a side of Mac and Cheese. I felt that the fish was too "cormealy" to my liking if that makes sense. It was a bit too gritty texture but the seasoning was fine. I did not like their potato salad even though I really tried eating it several times but I didn't like the amount of spiciness it had. Call me a wuss but I'm not a fan of spicy all that much especially with potato salad. Mac and cheese and the hushpuppies were okay. We didn't have time to wait for the pudding so we had to cancel the order and I plan on trying their Beignets next time.  Like I said, I will have to come back and order something else because I REALLY wanna like this place. I tried a little bit of my friends and my fiancé's dishes and they were pretty good so I'm eager to return.  

                Pros: Brussel sprouts Rib plate dinner Hush puppies   Cons: Fried catfish Prices are high. Expect to pay about 15-20 bucks per person  

                First time I came to Angeline's, I was super impressed by the amount of people that come here. We had a reservation, and thank God we did, because the wait would have been crazy long.   I remember ordering the Jambalaya and being completely disappointed by the dryness of the entire dish. This tomato based rice dish was so well mixed that I couldn't taste what was in it.  My mother ordered the Voodoo Shrimp, which was absolutely addicting. I believe that dish only comes with six shrimp, but oh my... the sauce was just outstanding.   I can't seem to remember what the other people in my party ordered because it was so long ago. But let me fast forward to the end of 2014.  Yes, the very end of 2014.  I came here with my significant other on New Years Eve. Made reservations a month ahead. And decided that Jambalaya was not the way to go for the night.   I definitely wanted him to try the Voodoo Shrimp. But after contemplating, we decided to order the Grilled Boudin for a starter. Fried Chicken for his entree. Fried Catfish for mine. And sweet tea for the both of us.   Let me begin with the Grilled Boudin. I was super excited to try this dish because on Yelp, it looks absolutely amazing and it has a great side salad to complement it. But when the food-runner brought it to our table, I was kind of shocked at what they gave us. The sausage was cut up in unproportional slices and the side salad they gave us was nothing but some scraps of greens. The taste was there. It was a flavorful sausage, but it lacked very much in presentation. Frankly, I was disappointed.   My boyfriend's fried chicken looked amazing. His plate had big slices of chicken that had been breaded and deep fried. The sweet potato mash (which I was not a fan of) was a hit for him. The beans were crunchy and flavorful. And the gravy... man, he would not stop talking about how good it was but how little they put on the plate.   Speaking of plates... when the food-runner put down my food, I was kind of confused by how small my plate physically was. It had so much on it -- four pieces of fried catfish, three ramekins (potato salad, honey butter, tartar sauce) and HELLA hushpuppies. I had to take off all the ramekins from my plate to sort out all the food on there. I even held my plate above my boyfriend's to compare the size and mine was significantly smaller. The taste? Everything kind of tasted the same on my plate. I enjoyed the hushpuppies the most because the honey butter helped bring out its flavor. As for the catfish, the pieces were so thin and the breading was so thick that it was hard to taste the fish itself. And the tartar sauce... was not tartar sauce. I have no idea what it was. But it didn't have the thickness or creaminess of tartar sauce.   For dessert, we ordered beignets. They were absolutely amazing. They melted in our mouths and the amount of powdered sugar just makes the dish special.   Another thing that I want to mention is that our waiter kind of forgot about us throughout the night. He never ran our food. And when it came to refills, he was negligent.   Some helpful tips? Make reservations. Yes to voodoo shrimp, hushpuppies, beignets, and sweet tea.  Good luck!  

                My husband and I came here for brunch Saturday morning. Arrived around 11:30, there were only two tables occupied at this time within 20-30 minutes later the restaurant was full.  Service was excellent. The food was amazing. I thought I was in love with Brenda's in SF now I'm torn.  Hush puppies: 5/5  Voodoo Shrimp: 5/5 this is a must!!' Crawfish Étouffée 4/5 Pecan Pie: 5:5  We will be back.  

                Third time's a charm.  Didn't care for what I ordered the first two times I went here, but completely loved what I ordered this last time around!  What I love is the Cajun mixed grill:  mashed sweet potatoes, sweet house-made BBQ sauce covered baby back ribs, spicy and juicy Andouille sausage, and grilled shrimp over cabbage with a tasty and tangy remoulade sauce.  Delicious.  It's a great sampler so you get to try a little of everything.    Four of us also split the hush puppies with honey butter and the beignets, and I highly recommend those to start and finish off your meal.     It smells so good when you walk in, and the ambiance lends a date-night atmosphere, but it's good for small groups too.    If you do come with a group, they don't seat you until absolutely EVERYONE is there.  Three of us were waiting on our fourth person but they still wouldn't seat us..  

                The food here is fantastic!! The chef is from Baton Rouge so when they say "creole and Cajun" it's truly authentic....so make sure you make a reservation ahead of time or you will be waiting up to an hour or more especially on weekends.The restaraunt recently expanded to double its size but the crowds keep coming so you will have to wait if you don't put in your reservation regardless of the size of the party.  You absolutely must try the Gumbo. It's delicious. My favorite entree is the crawfish étouffée. Tastes just like I was back in Louisiana. The Jambalaya and fried chicken are also really good. If you are in the mood for a sandwich, I recommend the po-boy.  The bread pudding is also a must have for dessert. Make sure you add the bourbon whipped cream. The beignets are also authentic. Angelines delivers a great Cajun dining experience right in the heart of an eclectic diverse Berkeley. By far the best Cajun restaraunt in Northern California.  

                The first few times I went to Angeline's, the service was awful. In my first review, I talked about how the staff lacked the quality of Southern hospitality which I felt was essential to a restaurant which serves Cajun food. I hadn't been back for over a year, but I decided to give Angeline's one more try a few weeks ago.   This time the service was much better. Although our server didn't embody the characteristics of Southern hospitality (she was "had a few too many cups of coffee" friendly instead of "warm and comforting" friendly), but she was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu.   The food was just as good as it was the previous times I'd been here. The jambalaya is outstanding. The sauce is rich and hearty, and the dish is expertly seasoned.   I'm glad I gave them a second chance. Hopefully they can continue to have good service.  

                Angeline's is the type of place that will earn extra points just by offering something unique--I certainly can't name any other Cajun/Creole restaurant in Berkeley off the top of my head. So with that said, it makes it tough for me to review places like this because I have no idea what's considered legit or not. All I can speak to is whether or not the food was delicious and whether or not the dining experience (e.g., service, atmosphere, etc) was enjoyable.  To both of these questions, the answer is a resounding "yes"!   We came here as a surprise for my friend's 30th and our server was very accommodating. She let us know up front that only up to 3 credit cards could be used to split the check and that it was restaurant policy not to give out freebie desserts for celebrations. We had happened to bring in our own dessert--with no intention of having the restaurant serve them for us--and our server had them stored in the back and served them individually when time came. And of course, they put a little candle on the tart for the bday girl!  So service was absolutely fantastic as was the food. My favorites of the night included the BBQ shrimp, which was delectable and juicy and served with a sweet savory brown sauce, and the brussel sprouts sauteed in butter. My husband was so inspired by them, he's been trying to recreate the dish at home, but never comes close. We also had the fried oysters as appetizers and they were crazy good, succulent and flavorful, with just the right amount of breading. For entrees, we tried the fried chicken, gumbo, and jambalaya--all of which were solid.  Overall, had a great time here and am definitely looking forward to coming back!  

                There's so much to say about this place and they're all good things! I could not wait to try this place. The name is brightly displayed on their window and once I walked inside, I felt like I transported into New Orleans. The wall decor was original and the place was dimly lit. This spot is a NEED TO TRY place! I can't wait to go back!  We started with the hush puppies and that was perfectly fried. Based on my pictures, you can see what everyone ordered. My voo doo shrimp was the best advice my friends told me to order. It was outstanding and the sauce flavor still makes me drool. The green beans were mediocre, something that can easily be made at home. To be honest, I'd rather have more voo doo shrimp than green beans as a filler. But nonetheless, the portions and the ratio of protein and veggies made sense. The side of mac and cheese was the 2nd best decision! It was flawlessly crunchy and cheesy!   I love beignets, but I love them more with some fruity sauce like raspberry or chocolate. All the powered sugar didn't do it for me. Their chocolate creme pot thingy was rich, creamy, and all around goodness. Perfect with a bite of the beignet.   Lastly, we forget to notify the waitress about our friend's birthday. So we finally tell her after we ordered all our desserts. Guess what they give the celebrant with a candle on top?!? A bowl of ONLY whipped cream! HAHAHA! We weren't upset about it because we just had a feast, but we found it pretty funny and shocking.  

                Came for diner last night for the first time and all I can say is hmmmmm!!  First let me start by saying I rarely give 5 stars but I had to minus a star after my first visit. The food was great from the hush puppies to the Beignets. Everything had us licking our fingers. Serving was great.  We had a friendly waitress that did a good job.  The reason I can't give 4 stars is  1 - because we came with our twin 7 month old girls before the diner rush and they just didn't seem equipt to have kids this age around.  They offered high chairs so wouldn't take up space with the stroller however their highchairs were for kids that could sit up on their own.  Ok, no problem, we blocked a little space but they were still friendly about it.  I'll leave the babies home next time ;)  2 - We also called before arriving and asked if they took reservations. We were told no but when we arrived we saw tables with reserved signs and their website takes reservations...whats that all about? 3 - Mac & cheese was just bad bad bad. When did people stop salting the water? It was also a little too crispy for some of us.    Regardless, I would definitely do this again.  It's not that it is a bad place or the food was horrible.  It was actually one of my faves in a long time. My fave was the andouille sausage. OMG I could have eaten a ton of this.  The fried chicken was good but the sausage was way better.  Would definitely come back but maybe not with a large group as they tend to look confused when it's time to get tables together.  If you want to get a taste of this and that, it gets pretty pricey.  Meals and sides for 4 people was about $120...yowza!  

                Thank goodness I never applied to then get into UC Berkeley because I can only imagine how fat I'd get (cause I'd be dining here all the time). When Stephanie S. and I  went to Berkeley with our brothers, we jumped on the chance to grab an early dinner at Angeline's. No wait at 5:30pm? Win!  - Jambalaya with sauce piquant, roasted chicken, tasso ham & andouille sausage ($14): perfect mix of sauce, rice, and pieces of meat. It is quite flavorful, so you should definitely share this dish! - Penne Pasta with chicken, bleu cheese cream sauce & arugula ($12): pretty standard penne pasta, but it's high quality. (Psst, way better than the pasta at Gypsy's.) - Shrimp Creole cooked Cajun-style, sautéed shrimp w/zesty  tomato sauce piquant over rice & Blue Lake green beans w/parmesan ($16): SO DELICIOUS! The shrimp was tender and the sauce was delightful! - Baked Mac & Cheese w/crunchy parmesan crust ($6): This was probably the best mac n cheese I've ever had. The crust was perfect, and the dish itself was creamy and consistent.  It was definitely nice to try all the different dishes between the four of us. But we know to order another entree next time so it's enough! ;) Our server put down all of our orders, and within ten minutes, we were finished. In fact, we cleaned up the dishes so nicely that our server came over and commented, "You guys REALLY liked the food, huh?" Yes, mam!  The only complaint I have about this restaurant is: there's a weird smell in the hallway to the bathroom. And then the bathroom smells like throw up. Not sure if this is a one time occurrence or if this is a regular thing... They should really look into it though.  

                The gist: Entrees were either great or fairly subpar. Good decor and great service and accommodating to a large group.  Came for brunch on superbowl sunday with a crew of like, gee, 15 people? They at first told us we were going to have to order off of the banquet menu, but then cooled off that.  We got the veggie muffuleta, the hush puppies, a cheese grits app and the brussel sprouts.  Veggie Muffuleta - pretty disappointing, not that special. Veggies were thick and not that flavorful.  Hush Puppies - eh, a little dry, but still tasty. I think if I hadn't thought they were going to be incredible, I would've enjoyed them more.  Cheese grits with crawfish - this was super delicious, and though it was an app, I thought it was pretty darn tasty as part of a main meal.  Brussel Sprouts - incredible. I keep thinking about them and wishing I knew how to make them both so buttery and perfectly sweet.  Everyone eating their meals seemed to be treating them like they were good, but it wasn't a meal where everyone was looking at other people's dishes and thinking, "wow, that looks amazing".  Their dessert menu looked pretty good as well.  All in all, I don't think I'd come back for the food, but the service for a group of 15 was pretty good. Also, cash only.  

                Angeline's has been on my radar and bookmarked for quite some time. I came to visit my sis so we could have lunch and since the both of us had been dying to try this place we finally came here. It's a very small place and can be easily missed but it shouldn't be lol. Walking in was very surprising the place is small so you are sitting close with other customers which wasn't a bad thing in our case (I'll get to that later), the ambiance was wonderful and the decor was amazing as well. The decor made you feel at home, the colors, artwork were very subtle. Loved it!  We were seated right in the front in which there were three tables that were half booth and half chairs I believe. Once we were seated the waitress came to greet us and get our drink orders almost immediately. While the menu is not very extensive. we did have a hard time figuring out what to order because everything sounded good and then looking at the food the ladies next to us had made it that much more difficult. I knew I wanted a shrimp dish and the waitress recommended the Voodoo shrimp over the shrimp creole. My sis ordered gumbo as her starter and the buttermilk fried chicken as her entree. The ladies next to us had a big basket of hush puppies and were so kind enough to offer us some of them, they were delightful especially with the honey butter. They weren't dry and they had a very great flavor.  Our food came out in a timely fashion even though the place was crowded and I was very surprised at how big the portions were and the prices were decent for what you get. The voodoo shrimp was unlike any shrimp dish I have ever tasted before, the sauce was very unique, very little spice and the shrimp were nice and plump (cooked perfectly). The white rice was cooked to perfection as well but I was not a fan of the blue lake green beans, I would have liked for them to have been a little more cooked and cut in half. The food was just wonderful and the service was great as well. This will be my go to place for Cajun food when I'm in the area and I will make it a point to try many of their other dishes especially the beignets!!  

                I really wanted to like this place more, I truly did. Perhaps my palate just isn't quite accustomed to too many different types of Creole, but I found their flavors lacking.   I came with a party of four, and we ordered ordered a variety of items. Our food mostly arrived at the same time, but our dishes were varying from lukewarm to piping hot. The service was slow as they were busy, so our food took a bit to arrive.   Their dishes lacked the spices and flavor I'm used to, with the exception of the Jambalaya. For the prices and crowd, I was expecting better. I probably won't be back. They weren't bad, but it just wasn't for me.  

                Nom nom nom.  This place is good stuff.  If you are ever in the Berkeley area, you have to come in and try this place out.  Very quaint restaurant nestled off Shattack.    I tried the hush puppies and Voo Doo shrimp.  I will definitely come back.  

                Ok so I must start by saying I'm so lucky I found this place!! It never gets old and I will continue to come every chance I get. (I'm a regular sooo lol). I love the employees they are amazing. Whenever I walk in I feel happy. Great setting. I always leave satisfied. I definitely recommend this place! I love it here it is by far my favorite restaurant!!!!  

                This is quite possibly my favorite restaurant in the Bay Area. I wish there was a place like this in the city. The food is AMAZING. The service is good and the atmosphere is very festive without being too noisy. The only thing I would add is that you MUST make a reservation which can be challenging. The place is very popular and the word is out. Having said that, the food comes out fast and the portions are generous. The Voodoo Shrimp, the beignets and the hushpuppies are all great selections!  

                I've been to this place several times now and it never ceases to amaze my taste buds.  Service is prompt. Never have to worry about my water getting low.   Food is just the right portion size. Feel like I'm getting my money's worth without feeling like a fatty.   Downside is there's usually a wait. Which is ok since you gotta be decently hungry when you come here.   One of the few places I can find a shrimp po'boy without feeling like I should have hit up Popeye's instead.   Go here and get chu some.  

                I have been here multiple times and have never reviewed them!   Everything here is delicious!! I love their deep fried catfish and their Mac n cheese. Here are some of the other dishes I have tried and have no complaints!   Oyster PoBoy Catfish PoBoy Fried Chicken with sweet potatoes and green beans Gumbo Mushroom gumbo Jambalaya  

                3 stars for the food... would have been 5 if the staff had been better.  Was there today around noon - place was about 1/3 full so there were plenty of tables all around but the "hostess" tried to seat us in the back where patrons were lined up in close quarters one after the next.. I said, "we'd like to sit on the other side" and the hostess said, "those are all reserved" (B/S !!!).. so, we took a table closer to the front and where we would not be seated cheek-by-jowl with others.  Next three parties of two she tried to seat where she originally tried to put us - first two said "now way" and moved closer to where we were (so as not to be crowded?)... the third party took the offered table but clearly weren't happy (they were looking around, almost frantically, as the hostess moved back to the front).  As we were eating, a young woman and a toddler came in and spoke with the hostess who immediately took them to the "reserved" side and seated them at a two-top (which was originally a four-top when we asked to be seated in that section).  As I was leaving, I asked the Hostess, "what about that young woman and her baby; that's where I asked to be seated and you told me that those tables were 'reserved'... double standard?", and she replied, "Oh, that was a four-top and I made it a two-top for that lady".... so, she completely missed my point and hence lost two stars for her establishment and a lot of respect from me...  Not a well-laid out place and a lot of wasted space... otherwise, good food...  

                Pretty darn close! When I saw that this restaurant specialized in Southern cooking, I was excited. I hadn't had the real digs since my trip to NOLA a couple years ago and was craving some good po' boys.   The restaurant hadn't open yet and there was already several patrons in line. When they opened for lunch we were lucky to get a nice booth before the crowds started piling in. Around noon was when it really started to get busy. We were given a couple glasses of water and placed our orders.  We ordered: -Hushpuppies ($5) -Fried Chicken ($16) -Mimosa ($7) -Cup of Gumbo ($2.50) -Shrimp Po'Boy ($13)  Everything we had we delicious, rich and fried! Service was good and prompt (since we arrived upon them opening).   About $50 for 2 people for brunch. Definitely recommend if you're staying in Downtown Berkeley!  

                Some items were really good, some were tasteless, some were meh. I waited over 6 months to finally come here on a Friday night. Waited about 15 minutes around 6:30 right off of Shatttttuck.   If you've been to New Orlean's Square in Disneyland, this looks exactly the same (sorry haven't actually been to NOLA). Ordered Mac and Cheese for apps, about $6 for a bowl, I think Krafts makes better ones. Fried cat fish w/hushpuppies and a Shrimp Po'boy was ordered as an entree. The cat fish had no flavor and the strips weren't that big. The hush puppies were good, you get at least 6. The Shrimp Po'boy was packed with shrimp, light sandwich/bread, but eh no flavor still. The sides were potato salad, kind of just whatever. The 5 stars for the nights is given to the sugar powdered beignets. The donuts are real fresh and the powdered sugar is nom nom nomlish. I wish it came with a vanilla or chocolate sauce of some sort but oh well all good.  

                Ordered 2 entrees; wild mushroom Vegan jambalaya and buttermilk chicken with sides of sweet mashed potatoes, salted French green beans and Brussel sprouts. Everything was served piping hot and with speed. Jambalaya was spicy but not overwhelming. Buttermilk chicken was tender and fresh. Sides were the right amount  and complemented the meal. Brussel sprouts were amazing- carmelized with  garlic, sage and salt. Will need to comeback to try different things. Off course due to my egg allergies - all were egg free.  

                I cannot believe I have not reviewed this place. I've lived on top of Angelines for the past two years and never have I checked in even though I eat here at least once a month. Shame on me.   I've only sat down inside and eaten here once though. Why I choose the take out instead? Well because my apartment is right on top of this joint. haha :) Pretty convenient! My first time here I got the Shrimp Creole and it was sooooo good! Okay this was before I discovered my shrimp allergies. Sadly, I had to pick a new item on the menu but I was not disappointed when I tried their gumbo! The sausage and seasoning are so good!   Angeline's is probably the only place I would risk my shrimp allergies for a Shrimp Po'Boy sandwich. Yeah that's right, I took the risk (multiple times!) It is just to die for! The bread, the fried shrimp, the lettuce and the hot sauce. YUM! An order gets you a side of salad as well. Angeline's make sure that you're watching your diet as well! ;)   This place has the coolest vibe to it. It feels as though you're in New Orleans having gumbo with the family! The service is excellent! And of course, the food is always on point. The only thing I'm not too happy with is the lighting! It's so dim in there!! I may be 23 years old, but I can't see the menu at all! Plus, it makes capturing pictures of my meals a lot harder! More lights please!   OH! This place gets pretty busy for dinner, so definitely call in ahead! :)  

                Angeline's has always been one of my go-to restaurants in Berkeley. They offer a satisfying selection of delicious Southern comfort food, in a warm and inviting atmosphere, at a great price! They're perfect for all occasions, whether you're on a date or having a casual night out with family.  A lot of the food and drinks are familiar, but with a twist. Classic fried chicken and gravy becomes boneless pieces of moist fried chicken, nestled in a bed of ginger/vanilla sweet potato mash, bathed in a bacon-laced cream sauce. Easily one of my favorite dishes here! The Strawberry Lemonade gets a boost with a little carbonation and sweet tea gets a shot of lemonade to become Swamp Water.   The hush puppies are always a crowd favorite with a generous smothering of honey butter and they offer fried alligator on their seasonal menu. The Shrimp Creole over rice, Fried Catfish,  and Mac 'n Cheese are some of my other picks! All the dishes are perfectly portioned and ideal for sharing family-style. The bread pudding with caramel and rum-spiked whipped cream is heavenly and the beignets w/ a mountain of powdered sugar are a simple, but tasty treat. If there's one dish I would pass on, it's the gumbo. It has a good depth of slow-cooked flavor, but it comes with super tiny shrimp, not big ones like I was expecting.    The service is always friendly and upbeat and they can accommodate larger groups. One time they accidentally delivered a Shrimp Sammie to our table and we had knifed the little guy before we realized it was the wrong dish. They ended up boxing it up for us to  take home!   I will admit Angeline's doesn't have the most authentic Southern food, but it's still a great restaurant with delicious food. The wait isn't too bad, even on busier nights, and it's in a great location, near public transportation and theatres down the street. One of my favorites- they never disappoint!  

                Another bookmark removed! :)   This place is located in downtown Berkeley on Shattuck Ave. It's easily accessible from Downtown Berkeley BART.   The food really IS just as good as the other reviewers say. We shared the Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Baked Mac & Cheese, and the Sautéed Brussels Sprouts. The chicken was fried to perfection, the mac & cheese was deliciously baked with a crunchy parmesan crust, and the sage-garlic brown butter made the mini cabbages oh-so good.   The entrée and two sides were more than enough to share---we filled up our plates in family-style fashion. It sort of felt like Thanksgiving.  Although we left the place feeling stuffed (I regret not saving room for the beignets),  I promptly went home and ate (read: devoured) the leftovers in a blaze of gluttonous glory. Yep, it was THAT good.  Would I come here again? I think the better question is, Why am I not back already?  

                Angeline's is my instant reply whenever somebody asks for a restaurant recommendation in Berkeley. The atmosphere lends itself to a nice date atmosphere but still casual enough to not be super intimidating.   The fried chicken is quite possibly the best I've ever had and while I keep ordering the chicken and the catfish over and over, everything else that has been eaten in my presence also seemed amazing.  

                Looking for a hearty Cajun meal? Angeline's was spot on delicious for seafood with a kick!   Walking in, this place looked a bit fancier than I had expected. Most of the parties were either on a date or celebrating something with family members. It was also dimly lit with candles as we left the restaurant. I suggest making reservations because they had a full house by dinner time!  I decided on the crawfish étouffée & tried to substitute something else for the parmesan green beans but the bottom of the menu says no substitutions. I explained that I have a dairy allergy so the waitress said they could just give me plain green beans instead. Sure, I guess. When my dish came out, it looked like they dusted off the parmesan rather than not put any on at all. I couldn't touch my green beans as a result.. -1 star for making me waste my food.  The crawfish étouffée was kind of spicy and had a lot of crawfish! I normally don't eat much rice but needed it to offset the spice. The heat builds with each bite you take. I also tried the swamp water -- lemonade & ice tea. Pretty darn good! It wasn't watered down & came with free refills. By the time I finished my meal, I had no more room for dessert but if I ever come back, I'll be sure to save space for the beignets!  

                Southern restaurants usually scare me.  OK, my heart rate doesn't increase, and I don't see a specter or a Phil Spector behind every chair--although it would be nice to run into Regina Spektor quite unexpectedly--but Southern cooking is shorthand for lots and lots and lots of pork lard.  If you don't believe me, try driving through the South on a strict vegetarian and/or vegan and/or kosher and/or halal diet, and see how much you can eat.  Throw in the fact that Angeline's is a New Orleans kind of restaurant, and things get worse; seafood places around the country are notorious for being veggie unfriendly.  But unlike San Francisco, which is becoming more and more unlike itself as it becomes whiter and richer and less aware of its unique history, Berkeley still knows what it is.  Yes, there are expensive condos going up all over the place in the vicinity of Shattuck Avenue, and yes, Berkeley is suffering from the same reverse white flight that has recently plagued San Francisco and Oakland, but Berkeley is still Berkeley.  It has a heart, even if its soul is fraying.  Most importantly, it knows that vegetarians actually do exist and that they actually do eat out sometimes.  I've got three words for you, fellow vegetarians of the Bay Area:  wild mushroom jambalaya.  Order it, eat it, savor it, remember it.  Repeat as necessary.  They can also make it vegan, and it's just as good.  Angeline's is expensive, yes.  The service is hit or miss, yes.  The wild mushroom jambalaya more than makes up for it.  Oh, and the purple alligator is really cool.  

                The first trip my bf and I took together was to good ol' N'awlins, and Angeline's reminded us of the good food and all around good vibes of the city.  We decided to go all out - and ordered the hushpuppies, fried chicken, fried cheese grits with crawfish etouffee, and a side of mac n cheese. EVERYTHING was delicious!! If you're deciding between the crawfish etouffee appetizer or the entree, go for the appetizer and splurge on a different menu item because the green beans were just okay. They were a bit on the soggy end for me, and totally just a space filler on the plate.  My only real complaint was how full I was afterwards, because the food was so good I didn't want to stop eating! :P  

                I've been here I believe two times and both times were fun. The first time was a few years where I had the seafood gumbo or jambalaya and the second time I had their house special ribs. I've also had their beignets which were awesome.  The jambalaya or the gumbo I don't recall, was pretty delicious to someone who isn't a big fan of seafood. It went too fishy and and the leftovers wee still good the next day.  On the other hand, the ribs were only okay. It sounded so delicious with a bourbon sauce but I was rather dry and overcooked.  My friend had the voodoo shrimp which was delicious! The sauce was pretty rich and tasty and I had a bite. Let me just say I would order the voodoo shrimp over the ribs any day and I love meat. You may want to ask for extra rice since the sauce is very rich and creamy and if want it to balance out, get more rice.  Beignet: first time having these pillows of goodness and sugar. Warm and fluffy and they give four large pieces.  Service: eh. Not too memorable which is both a good and bad thing. I didn't have great service to where I want to go back nor did I have bad service which was definitely make me uninspired to return. It was just average.  The decor is festive though. Lots of Mardi Gras beads and masks I believe. Decorations give a nice touch of New Orleans to the Bay Area.  

                Ohhhhh man, southern cooking. I love love LOVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEE southern cooking. Why? Because all of it is almost all exclusively in the category of COMFORT FOOD. Food that just gets you in your ultimate comfort zone. Food coma-inducing cuisine, giving you the best kind of tryptophan and insulin high EVER. Filipino food fits into this category for me as well. Maybe that's why I love southern food so much. Or maybe I just enjoy delicious food. I may never know. What I do know? Angeline's is the BOMB when it comes to comfort food.  Stepping in, you already know you're in for some comfort. You get that real down home feeling. The ambiance in here is that of a comfortable kitchen. As if you were having a big family dinner and one of your relatives house or something to that effect. All without the awkward questions regarding your career, love life, or lack or either... or lack of both! But I digress. It's a very cool fusion of homely and fancy and I think it really adds to the experience.  Service here has always been absolutely friendly. They really make sure to listen to orders and they'll even go into great lengths to explain dishes, should those questions arise. Even when this joint is packed, you'll be served promptly, effectively, and with a big fast smile. Food service is always pretty fast as well. I don't remember ever having to wait too terribly long for our food to come out. It's always come out promptly as well. Customer service here is great.  Now the main star, event, & attraction: THE FOOD. Ugh, I'm getting hungry just thinking about it all. You really can't go wrong with ANY of the dishes here. Just to name a few of their awesome dishes: fried chicken with ham gravy, fried oysters, BBQ shrimp, gumbo, grits, the cajun mixed grill, jambalaya, baby back ribs, catfish, penne pasta, po boys, mac n' cheese, and greens. Don't forget beignets, bread pudding, and pecan pie for dessert. Everything I mentioned, I have tried. And it was all awesome. The chefs know what they're doing here. I've never had a bad dish here. The food here is the <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbomb.com%2Ffoodcoma%2Ficantmove.php&s=4757d3af01817d8423d65bbaf2a8eb557cbc51b04910a1b1c7c79ab8d0e9c355" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bomb.com/foodcoma/icantm…</a>. Ugh. UGH! SO GOOD!  You really need to do yourself a favor and head here if you're craving some southern food in the east bay. They hit it right on the nail on all points, in my most humble of opinions. Great comfort food experience combined with awesome service. It's a win-win for all parties involved. Need some comfort food? Go here now!  

                Angeline's should really fire that evening hostess, whoever she is. After enjoying the food so immensely during my first visit, I brought my mother to the restaurant yesterday. The hostess tells us it will be a 30-45 minute wait at most. We opt to wait it out, since I really wanted my mom to try the food. An hour later, and two trips to the hostess counter, and we're still waiting. Not only does she give unrealistic wait times, she's not very personable.  Once we were finally seated, our waitress saw that I was pissed, and kindly asked the kitchen to rush our food. I appreciated that. My mother loved the catfish, hushpuppies, and potato salad that she ordered, and commented that she wanted to bring my grandmother back for her birthday. I'm sure my grandmother would also enjoy the food... but not the hostess.  A tip to anyone dining at Angeline's. Make a reservation. Otherwise, the wait time is hell.  If I were only reviewing the food, Angeline's would get five stars, but service is so important to me and to any dining experience. They lose another star because of that hostess.  

                OMG...I've been meaning to try this place for ages and I finally got to try it for Sunday dinner with my family.  UN-FREAKING-BELIEVEABLE.  There's is not much I can say but YOU'VE GOT TO EAT HERE!!!!  If I lived in Berkeley, I'd be a fat cow because I would be eating at Angeline's EVERYDAY!!!!!   The only complaint I had about this place was I couldn't stay to eat more!!!!  

