                It is my favorite dinner spot in Alameda! I like Southeast Asian food and I honestly don't know how authentic this place is, but it's delicious and that is good enough for me.   Their pancake is perfect for an appetizer. It's a bit hard to share with people, but I always get it. It's worth the trouble.   Shaking beef is my go-to menu. Their Eggplant dish with shrimp is really tasty as well. The noodles were o.k. I wouldn't order them. I like their coconut rice more than Burma Superstar's.  

                My friend decided on this place for our Ethnic Food Lunch outing for January, which was good because I wanted to try out this place. I've never had Cambodian food before.  I did make reservations but really, I didn't need to since we practically had the place to ourselves on a Sunday afternoon. Finding parking was a bit difficult but it's expected in Alameda. We ended up parking on the next street over.   I got the eggplant with chicken dish while my husband got the shaking beef dish. Two of my friends got the noodle dish (I think was the Cha Kathiw). When they received their dish, it reminded me of Pad Thai but a more simpler version.   I wasn't sure of the spiciness of Cambodian food but it turns out it wasn't as spicy as Thai food. Still, my husband and I enjoyed our dishes though my friends seemed underwhelmed with theirs.  It's a nice place to hang out if you happen to be in the area.  

                3.5 stars.  Appropriate for the hubby and I to dine here as my sister and parents were simultaneously visiting the real Angkor Wat in Cambodia.  i will be with them in spirit!    While the other restaurants near Angkor Grill (Burma Superstar and Monkey King) had lines out the door, Angkor was busy - but had available tables for us to be seated immediately on a Friday night.  Cambodian Chicken Soup - this was garlicy but tasty.  I liked the soup, but I probably would have preferred a chicken soup base with shrimp instead of chicken.    Stuffed Angel Wings - which the hubby really enjoyed.  It was tasty, but I didn't think representative of the flavors that Cambodian cuisine has to offer.  Asparagus and Tofu - I really liked the flavor of this dish and it goes well with the coconut rice.    The above was a perfect portion for 2 people. I enjoyed our meal and would like to visit again to try some other dishes on the menu.  

                We have been on the hunt for good Cambodian food. We have found that this is a difficult task. You can find restaurants that serve and specialize in Cambodian food but typically you will find it at a seedy part of town. Today the actual destination was in Oakland but fortunately it was closed so we ended here at Angkor again proving that the best finds are usually accidental.   This is nestled on Park street at a strip of the city that has many similarities with that of the Haight or Telegraph. It's a cozy restaurant that appears to have recently renovated as the walls, and decor still have that brand new appearance. We came right on time because a few minutes after we arrived, groups came in and filled the place to the very last seat.   So we had one expert in Cambodian cuisine with us, which is recommended when you sample other cultures. He made some fine recommendations. Here is how it went...  We started with a crepe of sorts. It was somewhere between a crepe and an omelette. It had prawns and bean sprouts and was served with lettuce and cucumbers and an outrageously delicious peanut fish sauce. This was grubbin' and really could have been a meal on its own. We then had beef skewers with a peanut sauce as well, which was equally delicious and enjoyed. We then had the seafood combination and this could have been called the broccoli salad because there only a few pieces of scallop, calamari, and shrimp. The plate was full of broccoli and some more broccoli but it was good and the broccoli heads carried the seafood flavor thoroughly.   Next we had garlic prawn noodles and I wasn't too pleased with this. They used egg noodles and this wasn't very garlicky, if you will. It had flavor to it but it wasn't at all what I was expecting or looking forward to. Then we had a chicken curry, which was pretty normal and lacked any excitement. We were looking forward to having sticky rice and mango but they ran out of mango and didn't have any to serve. I did have a Cambodian iced coffee and that was damn good. It was a lot like vietnamese coffee but had its own flavor profile.  I'm giving them a 4 because the food that was good was actually excellent and there were no failures but rather they did have some plates that just were not jaw dropping. Their location is superb and the place gets an A+ for cleanliness and service. I think we found a gem and I'll be back for more.  

                Having done a whirlwind trip to Siem Reap/Angkor Wat piggybacked on a work trip to Bangkok years back, I have longed to retrace my steps to Cambodian cooking.   Angkor Grill with moms was a surprisingly excellent and seemingly authentic experience this past weekend. We ended up having three surefire hits, two of which were Yelp Elite recommendations.               For starters, there was the seafood crepe. This was nothing short of amazing and I highly recommend splashing on the peanut-infused fish sauce made specifically for the dish. This appetizer is basically a shrimp, romaine lettuce and bean sprout omelet with the sauce tying this beautiful package together.   Second, we had the dish my mom and her friend previously tried, the pineapple seafood soup. Reminiscent of the delicious, tamarind-flavored sinigang of Filipino origin, this sweet and sour, broth-y soup is complex and savory. Throw in tomatoes, chunks of pineapple, shrimp, white boneless fish filets and it's just a wonderful marriage. I appreciate how refreshing and light this is! I'm also feeling how relatively translucent the soup is, better to see all the tasty elements you're about to demolish.   Last, we had the beef kebabs--fairly standard street fare but nicely barbecued and seasoned were the skewers. And might I add well-presented on a bed of pickled veggies and lettuce with more peanut-infused fish sauce on the side. Can't forget the side of jasmine rice. Gotta love Southeast Asian cooking or at least be mildly adventurous to fully appreciate what these guys have going on. At about $10 per item, pricing was commensurate with the quality and bombness of each dish.   I shall return!  

                Was suppose to go to Monkey King, but the wait was at least 45 minutes & it was already 8pm so we decided to try Angkor Grill since it was next door & had vacant tables. I've had Cambodian food many times and it's very similar to Thai/Lao. Quickly got seated & water was brought out. Garlic noodles were not as expected - bland, wide egg noodles, beef kabob was scrumptious, fried egg rolls were pretty good, curry chicken was delicious & BBQ pork fried rice was smacking too. Parking sucks big time on Park St.! Definitely would prefer this place over the highly overrated Monkey King.  

                My first time getting take out here and not bad. I ordered the Cambodian crepes which is also known as banh xeo  (Vietnamese food) . It's was very delicious stuffed with a lot of ground chicken and shrimp. Only down fall was I called in my order and it was supposed to be ready in 10-15 mins but when I got there my food wasn't ready, but I guess it was made fresh. The waitress was really nice gave me water while I waited. Definitely will go back to try something else from there.  

                The food here is amazing and comes at a great price. The colors of the dishes are vibrant with fresh ingredients. I come here when I want a delicious, inexpensive, fresh, healthy dinner. I have yet to be disappointed.  

                We came to Angkor Grill for dinner with a friend who highly recommended that we give it a try.  I was looking forward to checking out Angkor and having my first experience with Cambodian cuisine.   Arriving at 6:30, we were promptly seated.  The restaurant has a clean feel to it with its wood paneled walled, tiled floors and I liked that the tables were nicely spaced apart.   Our order: Lemongrass noodles:  a savory noodle soup cooked with fish, lemongrass and spices with fresh vegetables.  A generous amount of rice vermicelli noodles with julienned carrots and cucumber slices.  A simple yet very tasty bowl of soup. (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/angkor-grill-alameda?select=-qxXqT3b6Z-21vim2mkxHQ#NjpZZ8ICP7zOuiz9hb3GXA">yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…</a>) (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/angkor-grill-alameda?select=-qxXqT3b6Z-21vim2mkxHQ#-qxXqT3b6Z-21vim2mkxHQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…</a>)  Scallops and prawns:  sautéed prawns and scallops with asparagus, garlic and mint leaves.  The seafood was nicely seasoned and perfectly cooked. (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/angkor-grill-alameda?select=-qxXqT3b6Z-21vim2mkxHQ#rQ9VNRrL1GOT63khDqeGFg">yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…</a>)  Basil beef: sautéed beef with asparagus, red peppers, basil, and chili sauce. Beef was tender and the dish utilized a sauce similar to the scallop and prawn dish.  (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/angkor-grill-alameda?select=-qxXqT3b6Z-21vim2mkxHQ#MlyEryKGL70-AMgURm94LA">yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…</a>)  Sweet basil fried rice with chicken:  fried rice with basil, chili, garlic, almonds and some pineapple chunks.  The slices of chicken looked overcooked, but they were actually very tender and moist. (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/angkor-grill-alameda?select=-qxXqT3b6Z-21vim2mkxHQ#8WdAo4xLE90kqeCM7Ip1Nw">yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…</a>)  Coconut rice:  got bowl to try.  Lots of coconut flavors infused into the rice. (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/angkor-grill-alameda?select=-qxXqT3b6Z-21vim2mkxHQ#uBAgnL3a7TdCEK_Yn0I8QA">yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…</a>)  Deep fried bananas with coconut ice cream.  The ice cream was very good, but felt the deep fried bananas were just ok compared to ones I've had at Vietnamese and Thai restaurants. The batter needed more flavors. (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/angkor-grill-alameda?select=-qxXqT3b6Z-21vim2mkxHQ#VYMnGzREl6bZxQRVRt01dA">yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…</a>)  Overall, a nice experience with Cambodian cuisine at Angkor.   Will be back to try out other items on the menu.  

                Needed to update my review after coming here for dinner twice in a week. The food is so flavorful, fresh and delicious. Service is pretty quick, but you definitely need to ask for water refills or flag the staff down for the check or anything else. You can feed 8+ people for less than $100 and still have food leftover! My favorites are:  Shrimp and Scallop Combo (comes with yummy asparagus) Eggplant with Chicken Barbecue Chicken (comes with a fish and peanut sauce) Shaking Beef Green Beans with sliced pork Pompano Fish  The only item that I've tried that I am not a huge fan of is the garlic noodles. Noodles are a little soggy and a bit bland with a very small portion of bland chicken. Surprising considering how flavorful everything else is.  

                The honey and I dropped by to visit a friend in Alameda. We were wandering by and this place looked tasty.  My chicken soup was fantastic as were the egg rolls. The service was fantastic and spot on and we really enjoyed our visit.  The decor was quite plush and I enjoyed the seating and the locale to one of the main drags of Alameda. All in all I'd come back in a heartbeat!  

                WHY WE WENT HERE: - catch-up dinner with a friend - we haven't had Cambodian food in a few years, so we decided to try this place out  THE LOOK (FROM THE OUTSIDE): - in downtown Alameda, it really stands out (because usually when you see Asian restaurants they're always Chinese or Thai - you almost never see Cambodian ones)  THE LOOK (FROM THE INSIDE): - very new - clean - intimate lighting  THE BATHROOM: - very clean - smells good  THE MENU: - starters - soups - chicken - pork - beef - seafood - lamb tenderloin - curry - fried rice/noodles - vegetarian - rice (jasmine, brown, coconut) - desserts - beverages  WHAT WE ORDERED: - egg rolls - stuffed angel wings - duck curry - Cambodian iced tea  THE TASTE: - the Cambodian iced tea and duck curry tasted very reminiscent of Thai iced tea and Thai curry (then again, Thailand and Cambodia are right next to each other, so there will be similarities with the cuisine) - the egg rolls were nothing special; they tasted like what you can get at King Egg Roll (if you're from San Jose, you'll know what I'm talking about) - stuffed angel wings were stuffed with goodness!  CUSTOMER SERVICE: - not as attentive as we would have liked - we had to approach the bar to ask for our check because we waited so long (it was a struggle even to get a water refill)  

                Very similar to some Thai places I love. I really enjoyed the angel wings and the Cambodian tea, which was just like Thai tea to me. I can't remember the main dish I ordered because this was about two years ago, but I would definitely recommend it and the Angel wings delish.  

                Such bold flavors reminiscent of Thai and Vietnamese food (for lack of Cambodian food knowledge); if you like one of those cuisines you'll want to go to Angkor grill. Friendly service and good atmosphere for showing people Alameda.  (+) Chicken with Eggplant- for eggplant lovers! (+) Stuffed Angel wings- chicken stuffed with lemongrass spices, bean thread, ground chicken, shiitake mushrooms, and onions served with pickled cabbage and sauce (+) Duck Curry (+) Sweet basil fried rice- one of the best I've had (+) Barbecued Chicken fried rice- see above  Other Things: - I think they have student specials but I don't know much about them because I'm not a student!  

                If you've got a dish on your menu called Shaking Beef, consider yourself a winner in my books. I just picture a cow wiggling! Best mental image while eating, ever. Anyways, silly Sean thoughts aside, Angkor Grill was pretty nifty.  Got the Shaking Beef and the Singapore noodles. The Singapore noodles can be simply described as Thai Yellow Curry in noodle form, which was pretty good if you ask me. The Shaking Beef was the highlight of the night though. It's pretty much a salad with sliced beef and a sweet dressing on it. The beef was so tender and soft, and the flavor of the sauce was delicious. Also loved that it was on top of lettuce, because I could nibble on that between bites of beef and keep my sense of being "healthy".  Definitely gonna be coming back here. The decor inside made me feel like I was having an extremely fine dining experience, and even though the service was a bit slow, they still got the job done efficiently. For my first time ever having Cambodian food, Angkor Grill sure made a great first impression of their cuisine!  

                My sister has told me about this place and how she loved it for a while. I'm glad I finally got the chance to come in here. After having some less than satisfactory food a block over, Sean and I needed some more flavor in our system and thought we could cross off another place to review off Yelp, plus we've never had Cambodian food before. It's always exciting to try something new, especially a new cuisine. It was pretty empty, which was kind of creepy but hey, better service so why not?  The eats were shaking beef and Singapore noodles. Apparently shaking beef is a famous (Cambodian?) dish, we learned that after I hashtagged shaking beef on instagram. You learn something new everyday! We weren't sure why it was called shaking beef but after she put the plate down we were sure to shake it ourselves. No wonder we are friends. It was SO tender and had really nice flavor, I'd definitely get it again. The Singapore noodles were really good too. I love any kind of curry so it was basically curry in noodle form, but don't let that scare you, it was great.   I know there are a lot of other great dishes here. This guy next to us had some fried rice which looked and smell really good so I'll be back to try that and some others, as well as these Cambodian iced tea and/or coffee.  

                The best Asian food in all of Alameda.  A lovely family owned business!!!  Try the smokey eggplant with shrimp and pork....delicious.  

                First review was based on take-out, this time I ate at the restaurant.... big difference.   Egg Rolls (3 stars)  Ginger Chicken (3 stars) - Not on the regular menu... might have been a lunch special or something <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/angkor-grill-alameda?select=76wrCzP1vFAaalhDHwqTZQ#Ij32sgoJfgHr70jFC-PSxQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…</a>  Basil Beef (4 stars) - This time they actually made it spicy - Tastes good enough to make it worth putting up w/ a day or two of "asparagus pee" <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/angkor-grill-alameda?select=76wrCzP1vFAaalhDHwqTZQ#uxiWr_WU0Xg1NBBLYvIrMQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…</a>   Coconut Rice (5 stars) - Holy f*ck this was good! <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/angkor-grill-alameda?select=76wrCzP1vFAaalhDHwqTZQ#zY7hqqi9VCavfLy23Iiy7w">yelp.com/biz_photos/angk…</a>  

                We ordered a variety of different dishes to share: stuffed angel wings, smoky eggplant, shaking beef, garlic noodles, singapore noodles, and asparagus and tofu. Overall, the food was okay. I enjoyed the garlic noodles the most, which were a flat egg noodle, and I liked the little salad the shaking beef comes on. My problem with the beef was that the meat was hard to eat without rice because it was so salty. The angel wings, though this was my first time trying them, were funny because I felt like I was eating vermicelli noodles wrapped in chicken skin (which was true, I mean there is only so much of the wing to be stuffed). The singapore noodles were heavy on the curry powder.   I drank 2 glasses of water throughout the meal. Everything is well seasoned, if not overly seasoned.  I've never had Cambodian food before, and I think we ordered "safe" dishes. Maybe next time I'll venture out and order ones more outside my comfort zone.  

                I got to admit that I don't know much about Cambodian food, so I'm not much of an authority on how it's done but I do know that the food from a non-bias pov that Angkor Grill is "all right".  The ginger lamb didn't taste as nice and exotic as it sounds. Wasn't able to finish it at the restaurant so we took it home. That was more than a few days ago and the ginger lamb is still sitting in the fridge. So yeah.  

                Awesome food for a very reasonable price. Never too busy, servers are very nice and accommodating.  

                Delicious food, friendly staff (especially the owner), upscale atmosphere. Just found out that the owner is part of the family that owns  Oakland's Phnom Penh restaurants, and just like that restaurant, I've never had a bad dish. I always get the crunchy green beans with tofu. It's filing, has a delicious sauce with thai basil, and the best tasting/ best textured tofu. I've had this dish at both Phnom Penh restaurants and it is always amazing.  

                I've past here previously and always heard rave reviews about this place so my friends and I decided to check this place out not too long ago.  I ordered the shaken beef and let's just say I was a tad disappointed just cause everyone had hyped this eatery up so much.  There was not anything spectacular about this shaken beef and I've tasted better elsewhere including Dragon Rouge. I would be open to giving this place another chance but in all honestly I would rather spend my money at Burma superstar up the street if I was craving that type of Asian food.  

                Yay--another place that is open between lunch and dinner.  We've eaten here at least 4-5 times since my original review and we still really enjoy their food.  We got out usual fresh vegetarian rolls----yummy!  We got:  The Cambdian Stuffed Crepe (vegetarian style) with tofu, coconut, bean sprouts in a crispy crepe made out of tapioca flour?  ---Our server cut the crepe into thirds and    served them to us.  We wrapped the crepe pieces in the romaine lettuce leaves and dipped them in the peanut sauce--yum!  Cha Kathiw--pan fried noodles with chili sauce, bean sprouts, green onions with peanuts (vegetarian but the original dish comes with eggs and chicken or pork. Tasty too!  Son got the chicken curry which he liked but said it wasn't as good as the  BBQ chicken.  Vegetarian deluxe--sauteéd carrots, broccoli, cabbage, mushrooms, green beans served in yellow curry sauce.  We also had brown rice and coconut rice.  

                Decent flavour but slightly overcooked pork BBQ. Duck curry had good flavour but the broth not quite thick enough & duck undercooked. Decent alcohol prices & good service.  

                I hate only giving this restaurant 3 stars but I did for cleanliness reasonable prices and great service.   The food was simply Meh.  We started with the Chicken filled Crepe for an appetizer.  It was extremely dry and flavorless plus the chicken was chopped up real small and hard to keep on your fork.  As a main course I had the smoked Eggplant with Pork, expecting chunks of eggplant and slices of pork.  WRONG The eggplant was cooked to a barely recognizable slime and the pork was ground up like baby food all flavorless.  My dining partner had the Basil Beef.  It was all asparagus and about 8 dime sized pieces of beef in an eh ok sauce.  We also shared an order of the Minty noodles and that was just alright.  Probably won't go back.  

                Shaking beef and smoky egglant are great! Every dish was flavorful and good! My only complaint is that the dishes are a little too small to share Family Style. But overall I really enjoyed my experience here.  

                Since it's Cambodian New Year, we decided to give this bistro a try and turns out all three of the dishes (Ginger Beef, Stuffed Angel Wings and Prawn Curry) we ordered were delicious. Fresh and smell of the aroma of the bistro is wonderful. They waiters and host were very nice and has elegant appearances. I can't wait to come back and order a few different dishes.  

                Two dog friendly tables outside. I had the most dee-lish shrimp and scallops with asparagus. Healthy and full of flavor. Server was fantastic...our water glasses were never empty. I wish she had brought a bowl for our dogs but that's probably asking too much. Perfect spot for lunch.  

                Customer service sucks here. How can the only waitress eat while they have customers here eating. And for those that wonder if this place is authentic, it's not.. they're Chinese -.-"  

                We had planned on going to the Burmese place down the street, but like others had written, they had a wait and we didn't want to wait that long.  So we strolled down the street and came upon Angkor Grill.  We gave the menu on the window and quick look-over and decided it sounded good to us.  We were a very hungry group of 5 adults and 1 child, so we started off with 2 appetizers.  First we got the spring rolls and then the stuffed crepe.  The appetizers were brought out one at a time and when the crepe was brought out, our server divided it into 6 pieces, which made it so much easier to eat.  We then ordered our main dishes, which they brought out when each one was ready and everything was so good!  We had lemongrass chicken, scallops and prawns, seafood lover, duck curry, and cha kathiw.  My favorite was probably the seafood lover b/c I love seafood so much, but every dish was really good.    We had also ordered the Cambodian iced tea, which tastes exactly like Thai iced tea, which i have recently realized is so good!!  

                The stuffed chicken wings were the best I've ever had, the cha catheo is not traditional Cambodian style at all- it's straight up pad thai but helllllllla good still. The noom pa chuck (fish soup) was hella flavorful. Amazing prices for the high quality of food- definitely coming back again!  

                Until Angkor Grill, I thought Cambodian food is a worse version of the cuisine of its surrounding countries. I've even tried the well reviewed Phnom Penh House in Oakland, which fell short.   When my Cambodian friend visited, I decided to give Cambodian another try.   We ordered the Eggplant topped with Pork and Shrimp, and Red Snapper with Bean Thread Noodles. The flavor of the Eggplant was phenomenal - salty, tangy, savory, and perfect over white rice. The Red Snapper was fried so perfectly and it was complemented well by the softness of the bean thread noodles and sauce. We also ordered some Thai iced tea and Cambodian coffee to go with our meals, and both were really good without being over the top sweet.   What really sets this place apart from other southeast Asian eateries are the decor and service. I've been to my fair share of sketchy looking Asian restaurants, which I'm find with, but I really appreciate the cleanliness and modern decor of Angkor Grill. The wait staff was also very attentive and helpful with suggestions.   I would definitely visit this place again. It has put Cambodian food on the map for me.  

                Came back about a week later. Tried something different which was just as tasty. This time I make myself stop eating the entree so that I would have room for the ice cream. It was quite good. I think I like pure coconut ice cream better, but in any case I remember my eyes rolling back in my head as I ate the pineapple coconut ice cream so it definitely passed the taste test.  

                Same owners as another Cambodian place my family has been going to for years in Oakland, but this is in Alameda and this is open on Sunday as the one in Oakland is not. Our favorite staples include the Orange Noodles, BBQ Chicken, Chicken Soup, Lemongrass Fish, and Eggplant.  

                I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed this place.   I was here on a Sunday. I was a spur of the moment kind of decision that made my friend decide to come here.   We started with the Seafood in Lemongrass broth. If you're a fan of sour flavors and sea food then I would recommend this dish to you.  It was on a cold day with some rain so this type of soup was great for that type of day. For entrée's we got Beef kabob's, prawns with peanut sauce and garlic noodles with prawns. My favorite would be the prawns in peanut sauce because it was the right amount of sweet that I liked with my shrimp and the sauce was not too thick. The beef kabob's we good as well, very tender and authentic to the Cambodian seasoning. I didn't like the garlic noodles that much because the greens they used were too distracting. The garlic and maybe small amount of herbs should have been enough.   The service and atmosphere was great, but the venue should consider a bigger location once they become more popular.  

                Soo, Cambodian food. The papaya salad was refreshing and light.  I felt that overall, my experience here was ok.  I would have to say that the red snapper was not fresh as there was a strange almost dirt like taste to it (yes, i've accidentally had dirt in my mouth as a kid.. happens when you eat the ground hahahahah).  Seafood soup that we had was similar to Thai food sweet and sour soup (the name escapes me). Nothing was too memorable but the service was good and the decor was inviting.  I can't say I'd come back though. Sorry Angkor..  

                Third time around this month of July we have ordered a take out at this place.  Everything is so deliciously and authentic. Their food is one of the best ever tasted. Love their cooking !  

                We recently moved to Alameda and tried this restaurant because the other restaurants had lines out the door and we didn't want to wait. We ordered the egg rolls, pumpkin and duck curry, and beef lettuce wraps. The egg rolls were a little undercooked and mushy, but tasted okay. The duck and pumpkin curry was a bit bland and uninteresting. The beef lettuce wraps were the best thing we ordered. The service was pretty slow.  I think this place is fine if you don't want to wait in line somewhere else.  

                Excited at the new flavors AG brings: -Lettuce wraps with smoked and grilled fish, bits of tamarind paste and hints of fish sauce, served with fresh veggies on the side.  Really different, fresh and tasty.  I would say it's for the more adventurous eater.  -Vermacelli w/chicken, had a lovely coconut sauce, nicely grilled chicken, fish sauce with chilis and peanuts -Basil beef, generous portions of tender beef, light fragrant sauce w/bursts of chopped garlic and perfectly cut asparagus.  Loved it.  Got a nice glass of pinot noir.  Dinner for two was just shy of $50 with leftovers for lunch tomorrow!  

                Yummy spiced just right dishes! Had the Basil lamb w/ asparagus ...even my dog (who is a foodie snob) liked it... Which means it's good quality!  

                came here on a thursday afternoon. We were the only partons inside. Service was friendly. Living in SoCal, esp near long beach there are TONS of cambodian places to eat, even counting my cambodian friend's house! haha I was surprise that this restaraunt lived up to the taste that i'm used to. The prices aren't that bad either!  Very nice establishment! WE had the shaking beef (so flavorful) mixed seafood dish and the stuffed crepe! all wonderful and presented in a beautiful presentation!  

                Our flight was delayed so we spent the day in Alameda.  This restaurant is the highlight of an already lovely day.  We ordered the chicken in peanut sauce, BBQ porkchop, spring rolls with BBQ chicken, and coconut rice.  We sat and ate in silence because it was such a blissful meal no words were needed.  I would give them 10 stars if that we're an option.  Stellar, kind service too.  Perfection.  

                It was so delicious!! ! I ordered the pompano fish meal and it was just what I wanted. Out was flavorful and hearty with just enough spice to keep it interesting. It wasn't busy but the waitress was less than great maybe due tint he table of unruly children? Anyway I will definitely be back. I'm hooked!  

                Definitely one of my most favorite restaurants in Alameda.  When in doubt, come here!  I love their garlic noodles and anything pumpkin curry.  All their menu items are good so I have a really hard time just selecting one or two items.  Go see for yourself!  

                Sadly, my friends and I gave Angkor Grill another chance tonight. Originally going for Burma Superstar, we opted to stay away from the hour-plus wait there. This time was no different from the last, perhaps even worse. The older gentleman, our waiter, struts around like an owner (probably because he is). He hastily took our orders. I wasn't sure if he got everything right. My friends ordered a soda and a cambodian iced tea which we had to ask about after not being served for half an hour. Our dishes finally started to trickle out of the kitchen, but by the time the last plate came out, the first place was already getting cold.   This time, I ordered the stuffed angel wings. And again, it was subpar for a dish that costs $13. The chicken was cooked through at least. But thinking that Cambodians love their spices, I was regretfully disappointed. I want to say that the people running the place are Chinese after hearing their interactions in Cantonese, but that's just a hypothesis. Nevertheless, I was disappointed with the dish that I paid too much and waited too long for.   The one thing that was great, they split our check from the get-go. I think that Angkor Grill is understaffed and serves mediocre food with the owners cutting corners where ever they can. Someone please explain to me why they have a solid overall 4 stars.  

                I confess I don't have many Cambodian chops. But not knowing what a cuisine is supposed to taste like never stopped a Yelper, right?   It was OK. The menu has very similar to Vietnamese (surprise, surprise) and we went with two variations of bun. I don't have much to elaborate on. It was adequate and reasonable.  

                the phenom penh seafood sour soup was excellent. i love the addition of pineapple, it reminds me of canh chua. the spicy red snapper was okay, i would have preferred if the fish was battered better and had a crisper skin with a smoother sauce, but the flavor was nice. service was prompt and the remodel looks great from the former vietnamese digs which was at this location. in addition, our drinks, a cambodian coffee and limeade were excellent renditions of these tried and true non-alcoholic drinks.  

                When we still lived in Alameda we would head on over to Oaktown to go to Phnom Penh. Now this place is open in our former city of residence where we lived for 11 years. What struck me the most was the difference in decor and service. This is a pleasantly decorated restaurant with the most attentive service. I frequently get what I call "sneeze attacks". I have some type of food allergy to an omnipresent food substance so I start sneezing about 20 times. I usually have to use my napkin and rarely does waitstaff notice. Here I immediately received 2 more paper napkins in a very unobtrusive manner. I was pleased, not embarrassed.   The food was excellent. A good fusion between thai and vietnamese food. If we still lived here this would be a regular spot for us!  

                I had never tried Cambodian food and was excited to try it for the first time. It's very similar to Thai food and some of the items on the menu will sound familiar. My friends and I started off with the ground pork lettuce wrap, which was very interesting..it tasted like salty fish which I didn't enjoy very much. The pad thai and angel wings were mediocre. The shaking beef was tender, but seemed too tender to taste like real beef (prob from marinating in corn starch). I think eggplant with pork was our favorite. The portions were small and pricey, so I think we'll just stick with a Thai restaurant for thai-like food.  

                I'm not sure how authentic Angkor Grill is bc many of the dishes that I've tried taste more like Chinese or Thai as opposed to Cambodian. With that said, I did enjoy my meal the two times I came here for dinner.   Both times I ordered the Cambodian Stuffed Crepe. That could be a meal itself! It's filled with chicken, shrimp, coconut, and bean sprouts and served with cucumbers. Also tried the Shaking Beef, Scallops and Prawns, Mussels, Sweet Basil Fried Rice and Lemongrass Chicken. Everything was good.   I've also had two of their desserts. The first time I had the Fried Banana with ice cream. Minus one star bc we found a really long hair in the ice cream! We told the waiter and he offered to make us a new one but we were already full, so declined. He did take it off the tab though. The other dessert I tried was the Mango Sticky Rice. I've had better at other places. Overall, 3 solid stars.  

                Kitchen was a bit slow getting the food out...but the food was excellent!  Worth the wait.  And our server was very nice.  

                I've been coming here since I moved to Alameda in June 2012. It is one of my favorite restaurants. I've tried about 1/2 of the menu - it's hard to try new things when I find things I love!  The beef wrap is to die for - don't let the jalapeno fool you, it's not spicy just a little kick and the flavor (I'm from NM and I know spicy.) I also love the lettuce wraps, Cambodian chicken soup, lemongrass noodles, shaking beef, and all of the fish dishes. The Cambodian Iced Tea and Iced Coffee are also great.   The people who work here are very friendly and check in often. And the prices are affordable. California has been sticker shock for me, but I find the prices here to be more than fair.  

                This place was empty when we came in, which I liked, but I don't really remember the food, which means it was very mediocre. Nothing special, just the usual.  I do remember, however, the lady that worked there did not know how to process credit cards and it took forever for her to process ours.  

                Ate here last week, the food is top notch! I had the BBQ chicken fried rice and the crepe they have for appetizers. Very spot on! A friend of mine ordered the tofu peanut sauce dish and that was spot on! Service was great! They did have a thing for refilling your water glass every three minutes it seemed like so beware of that. I'd definitely come back again!  

                One star for the best coke I ever had to wash down the worst Cambodian food ever. We order the cha ketew with shrimp which is suppose to be noodles n shrimp stir fry. I swear they put a whole bunch of ketchup in it which is not suppose to be in it. Poor bf had to drown it with siracha still was nasty. I order the steak n tha pohuok steak dip into Cambodian anchovy sauce. The steak was cook perfect but the sauce was no authentic Cambodian sauce it was sweet n nasty smh. As a Cambodian myself I want to support other Cambodian run business but this place left a bad taste in my mouth. The service was so slow I had to gv them the bill to hurry n get out of there. Even the water taste funny. If you want great Cambodian food try Battambang on Broadway great service n great food. This place hv hit the top three worst place ever. I can't understand all the great review makes me not want to trust yelp ever.  

                Came here on a Friday night and thank god it wasn't crowded with the young party people like many other places on park street on a Friday night. They serve delicious food and I recommend trying the beef kabobs! The server who helped us was very entertaining and attentive. The decor was very nice, lighting very ambient and the restaurant is well taken care of, very clean. Come here if you want tasty Cambodian food and a nice quiet place to eat and relax! Don't forget to order a Singha with your dinner! (+21 up only lol)  

                Came here on a Saturday night and had really high expecatations after reading all the reviews. It might have been an off night as service and food wasn't all that great. We ordered the spicy papaya salad (wasn't spicy and no flavor), shaking beef (beef was okay), basil fried rice ( alittle bland) and we ordered the ribs and that never came. Apparently they mixed up our order, so after waiting so long we just had to cancel the order and leave. Will definitely have to try and give this place another try, I'm sure it was just an off night.  

                One of my favorite Alameda restaurants. Food is really fresh, flavorful, and nicely prepared.  I've enjoyed everything I've eaten and while I haven't tried everything on the menu, I plan to. Cambodian Stuffed Crepe is great as is the Basil Beef, Beef with Mint Leaves, anything with their Peanut Sauce, and the Cha Kathiw, which is a lot like Pad Thai.  If you like Southeast Asian food, then you will like this place.  

                A friend and I had just finished watching Looper in the nearby Alameda theater, so we decided to grab some dinner somewhere around. The general rule is often to go to the restaurant with more people, especially if we don't know whether the place is good or not. Do not break this rule. We went to Angkor Grill partly because we wanted to try Cambodian food, but mostly because the place seemed to be bustling.   Delicious delicious! We got the Popano fish with pork, and the Cambodian Style Noodles with chicken. Hooonestly, the Cambodian styled noodles seemed exactly like Pad Thai, I actually forgot we were eating Cambodian food when I ate the noodles, but it doesn't make it any less delicious! If you're craving a Thai-ish dish, I recommend the noodles. They give you huge chunks of chicken too, and the chicken was not dry at all, which was a big plus.  The popano fish was amaaaazing. The sauce was sweetish with a hint of spice, and covered with pork and red bell peppers. The fish was grilled and slightly fried to perfection; they cut the whole fish up into pieces for easier access. Really filling; they don't give you a small tiny fish, but a good medium sized one. I would definitely come again to try the different Cambodian dishes!  We went on a Sat night around 7:00pm, but we didn't have to wait, so that's a perfect time to go!  

                Another one of my local favorites! It a go to when dining out with our friends and kids. They've got something to satisfy picky kids, meat eaters and vegans alike. Everyone will leave with fully satisfied bellies..  

                First time trying Cambodian food and I was pleasantly surprised. We had the spring rolls to start, garlic noodles with chicken and the shaking beef, weird name, soooo tasty though. The spring rolls were pretty standard, it's the sauce that makes it special. It's a spicy vinegary sauce with chopped up peanuts in it. The garlic noodles were good (The Ark down the street still wins in the garlic noodle category though) and the chicken was good. The shaking beef was really good, is came on a bed of greens and with rice it was amazing.  

                One of my favor restaurant in alameda, no waiting & they take reservation.  Boss is awesome always there to greet customer, food is tasty over all this is a good spot to hangout with friends & family.  

                I love this place. My husband and I take our daughter here and we feel the food is consistently excellent. We love the lettuce wraps, the stuffed angel wings, the pork and eggplant,  the tofu and asparagus etc. It's all delicious. I am surprised that it would get one or two star reviews. Anyway, to each his or her own but I was also surprised that there comments that the service was super slow, that has never been a problem for us but we tend to go very early, having a four year old.  

                Nice restaurant with vegan options.  I went there for lunch and had the curry tofu dish that was very filling and had a nice balance of flavors.  My partner had the tofu with peanut dish and liked it.  Clean inside and great place for a date.  The servers were nice and I would go there again.  

                Back in the day, when I taught at Mills College, a young Cambodian Mills student was doing work-study for the ESL/EFL program where I was a professor.  We bonded right away.  She and her older sister were both refugees like many of my students.  Their stories of escape over the border were amazing.  Although my friend's sister didn't speak for many years, much less about their family's personal ordeal, my friend did.  She wanted me to help "Ghost Write" her autobiography until I reminded her that who wants a literal "Ghost Writer" looming around? I wouldn't want that!  It would be very unnerving!  I'd even chase Casper the friendly ghost away writing mine!  Anyway, I like Angkor Grill.  They have a lot of Cambodian comfort food I remember eating at my friend's sister's house down in Modesto with her nephews.    Try the Cambodian crepe.  I didn't realize how exactly one eats that but it's more of a kind of lettuce wrap concept.  It's delicious at Angkor.  I can hear my friend laughing at my awkwardness in eating it like a French crepe with a salad.  Today I had an order of Cha Kathiw.  Most Yelp readers know exactly what that means so I won't explain what it is. ... ... ...  Okay, I'll translate:  it's a delicious pan-fried noodle dish with bean sprouts, egg, chili sauce, green onions with ground peanuts on top.  I added the chicken option with it.  You can also add shrimp. I'm guarding my leftovers!  I pretty much want to order everything on the menu at Angkor but I've only been there three times during lunch and would obviously explode even with one dining companion.  The portions are generous.    The service is also so gracious.  Comfort.  

                The garlic noodles had no taste of garlic.  It was this different colored noodle that sells expensively.  The vegetables with curry sauce was incredibly salted and watery.  They use MSG.  I was uncomfortably thirsty all  night long.  The mango sticky rice was very good.  This mango dish rates 4 stars.  We stopped because the one we were going to (3 Monkeys) was closed.  I would not return except for the dessert only.  Parking was horrific.  

                You have to know which dishes to order. Some are really good (angel wings) but others are good to mediocre. I did not like chicken soup and the beef dishes are so-so.  Service is really polite and food arrives pretty fast.  One thing to be aware of. Not sure why, but their water tastes always weird.  

                **3.5 STARS**  The familia and the S.O. and I went here to have lunch and we got there around 12:30 and there was nobody inside. Scary...  We ordered family style... and I'll just describe them via their key ingredients since the names of the dishes were hard to say and remember.  Soup: chicken + mushroom (kinda sour) = the broth didn't taste much but that it was a little sour. On the plus side: they gave a lot of chicken and mushrooms!   Grilled beef: I ordered this thinking it'll be like Goldilocks... but I was wrong. Don't get me wrong... it was ok... just wasn't used to the spices in the beef itself. I ate one stick and continued to eat the grilled pork instead.  Grilled pork: Thankfully my mom ordered this... it was a hit within the whole table. It tasted just right... grilled correctly as well as the right spices!  My folks ended up getting some eggplant dish as well as another fish dish that I didn't bother tasting b/c I didn't like either. However, the parental unit as well as the grandmas loved it.  The S.O. ordered their version of Pad Thai... he ate most of it but he said it wasn't anything special.  We ordered the fried bananas with ice cream for dessert... again... nothing special.  Overall... since the parents liked this place... I think I'll probably go back for the sake of the family but I doubt the S.O. and I will be the ones to voluntarily go here.   PS: a little pricey ... but service was good and friendly.  

                Very good food, reasonably priced and very friendly service.  The crispy green beans are just the right blend of spicy and garlicky, while letting the flavors of the veggies and tofu come through.  We learned too late that they have beer and wine, which wasn't on the menu. Would have made a tasty meal that much better.  

                We had tofu and asparagus, curry veggies and Cambodian noodles with shrimp.  We enjoyed it a lot.  The Cambodian iced coffee was blah  Went here having seeing Crimes of the Heart at Altarena Playhouse  

                Kinda bland food. Not what I expected at all the dishes lacked in flavor. I thought Cambodian food would be super flavorful like Thai food. I think they cater more to the "alameda American" palette aka bland lol also there papaya sald was all bad. too sweet and too crunchy not spicy like I asked.  

                This is a great place to enjoy a meal with a good friend. We came here for dinner when we realized we didn't want to wait an hour for Burma Superstar to seat us (also a good restaurant).  We were seated at Angkor Grill within 5 minutes.  The restaurant was mostly full.  Decor:      The warm wood paneled walls are nice and cozy but not stuffy. Lighting:  Just perfect.  Not too bright, not too dark. Server:     Pleasant.  I don't have high expectations from a server (some yelpers seem to want to be entertained) so our server was pleasant and in no way rude or objectionable.  Food:        The Egg Rolls and the BBQ Chicken are two stand-out dishes.  The Lemongrass Beef was likewise very tasty.  The other appetizers (papaya salad, fish lettuce wraps) were ok, not objectionable.  My friend really liked the papaya salad, but I've had a better one at a Vietnamese restaurant.  Overall a good experience.  I would return.  

                This is actually the sister restaurant to the AMAZING Phnom Penh House located in Oakland, CA. Don't listen to the naysayers, service is outstanding. It takes a while to get food but for great reason. This is not a spot if you're the impatient type, go elsewhere. But it's really worth the wait. Everything I've come to expect at Phnom Penh House is in this restaurant but with a more classy look of a restaurant based in Alameda, CA. They have great Spicy Papaya Salad and their eggplant dish is delicious! I usually come here for their Cambodian Chicken soup and Cha Kathiw Noodles which is similar to Pad Thai noodles. And their fried banana with ice cream for dessert is so good! Definitely planning on coming back here more often.  

                Been here about 3-4 times. I'm new to Cambodian food so I don't really know what to order. We have tried several different things here and 6/7 things were good. The problem is I never know what was good and bad since I don't come often, that being said I have ordered what I didn't like on accident. Will come back for more eventually, I'll just have to take notes next time LOL.  

                We ate here for a late lunch/early dinner on July 27. Restaurant decor modernish with Cambodian accents. Staff very friendly. This was our first time to order Cambodian food, and a welcome, much lighter cuisine than Chinese.   We ordered chicken egg rolls. Very light, crispy crust with shredded vegetables and chicken. Dipping sauce was very good with  slight vinegar bite, red chili and ground peanuts.  Beef with mint leaves was stir fried green beans perfectly cooked, beef in brown sauce.  Singapore curry noodles with chicken was very good -- glass noodles, bean sprouts, green onions, in a curry accented sauce. In the past, I have not liked Singapore noodles, but this was a great dish.  Fried banana with coconut ice cream was a nice ending for the meal.  

                I really enjoy this place. I love #15 Chicken & Egg Plant. Great selection on the menu, fast service and very taste food. I try and go back often and bring a different friend to introduce them to this hidden treasure.  Always busy yet they have time to sit you very quickly and you can't go wrong with this place.  "I'll be back"  

                Went there again. Thank you so much for your excellent food and service.  Akun!  

                Not authentic Cambodian food. They're cooking is to accommodate the Americans and I would depict this restaurant as an Asian fusion type. Not traditional and up to my standards as an authentic Cambodian food.  

                Good tofu curry at lunch: $10+  

                The chicken and eggplant was delicious. Also if you like spicy go for the curry with prawns.  

                If you been to Phnom Penh in Oakland then you will have a really good idea of what Angkor Grill. I heard the owner of Phnom Penh opened Angkor Grill.  It's a really nice atmosphere. My favorite dish is the ground pork and shrimp over roasted japanese eggplant. So good! I also really like the pra hok(fermented fish that is mixed with chilis, lime juice, cilantro and other ingredients to make a sauce)  with grilled steak. But I do find the pra hok sauce to be inconsistent. The first time I had it, it was delicious! But the second time wasn't so good and had a different flavor then the first time. Also, I asked for the steak to be cooked to medium but it came out well done. The steak goes very well with the sauce.  They also serve complimentary ice cream. It's a strawberry ice cream that is so good! Now, I'm not a big fan of strawberry ice cream but this particular strawberry ice cream was amazing. It was sweet and creamy. I usually find strawberry ice cream to be sour/tart. I asked the waitress where they get it from and they said Jetro which is a restaurant supply company. She saw my interest in it so she gave me a to go box with at least 2 scoops of the ice cream. Now that is attentive customer service! If they still serve the strawberry flavor ice cream, make sure to order the fried banana. It goes so well together!  

                Shocked at the good reviews, this place unfortunately was a miss on all levels. The asparagus with tofu was really bland, while the cha kathiw just tasted like a bunch of ketchup mixed in with noodles. The veggies with peanut sauce was ok, but pretty heavy and could be better. The staff seems nice and the place is cute, but the food just didn't do it for any of us (four of us were disappointed). The only yummy thing that was a slight save is their chili sauce (spicy and garlicky) poured on every dish.  

                I frequently go here with company and we've received good food and service anytime we're here.   I've tried several dishes and the food always comes out tasting delicious. My favorite is the sour soup (starts with a p) and their red snapper with glass noodles. We recently also brought our vegetarian friends here and they were very accommodating with making things with tofu instead of meat. To my surprise, some of the dishes I've enjoyed with meat are also yummy with tofu!  Their desserts are also yummy and is a good portion for two to share. Plus they have good Thai tea. I think it might be called Cambodian tea here, but they pretty much taste the same. And it's not filled with lots of ice - a plus in my book.   The waiters and waitresses are friendly and attentive. They also give good recommendations. Once in awhile the food takes longer to come out, but it's never gotten to the point where I've had to ask about the progress of my items. What's nice is they stagger the arrival time of their dishes so you're still munching away while waiting for the rest of your dishes (which usually comes in a final group).   Atmosphere is nice and inviting. It's quiet and relaxing on dinner nights. If you come during lunch on days where there's something happening on Park, you'll get to see the event and enjoy the sounds.  There's only one minor con: their dimmed lights blink infrequently sometimes. Only I seem to notice it and most of the time it's insignificant enough that I can ignore it.   Yes, I would recommend this place to both my vegetarian and meat-loving friends!  

                I love South East Asian cuisine, and I typically find that Cambodian cuisine definitely operates on a much higher level of refinery in terms of flavors, herbal selections used within dishes, and how the meats are prepared and seasoned.  The beef with mint leaf, green beans and spices was quite rejuvenating.    The meat was tenderized to perfection and was a very generous portion.  The lightly breaded red snapper with lemongrass sauce was also quite extraordinary, and even though while ordering I announced that I was not in the mood for any seafood I am glad my date ordered it because I couldn't stop picking at it.   The service is quick and friendly.  The dark teak wood paneling and interior decorum provided a very lush dining experience, perfect for a small handful of company or your interracial sweetie.  (As it seemed to be a popular theme last night)  I can't wait to try more of the menu, when I come back next time. I would highly recommend this place.  

                This place has a nice ambiance to it with great food to boot. As night falls the waitress comes out and lights candles at your table. The music they played is instrumental/classical, the type to make you reminisce and feel nostalgic for times never had or times passed.  Good place to take a date I'd say, the lighting and decor with the wine list gives it that romantic feeling.  One of the waitresses on the off hours some times sing as she works, she has a lovely voice but don't look her way or else she'll stop.  The basil and lemon grass dishes were very commendable, both were delicious. My friend says that the cambodian tea tastes like thai tea but to me it was slightly different, a little more subdued and little less sweet. The Cambodian coffee had the same story in my opinion too.  I wouldn't mind recommending this to my friends if I was in the neighborhood, and who knows, maybe even take a date there one day.  

                Oh damn this place is good.   I lunched here just moments ago (why wait to share) with a friend who helped with the re-imagining of Park Street. Alameda, once a down at the heels military town, is getting its wings back. I wonder sometimes whether this might not be a nice place to live.   Were I not in the coolest neighborhood ever I could give it a go.   Angkor is midway down park, near the Hobnob and Lucky 13. I'll be back not for lunch to finish at these other two fine Avenue establishments, my belly happy, lined with some of the most delicious creations I've tried in some time.   For lunch - chicken with broccoli in peanut sauce. Omg. Basil lamb. Mango salad with prawns. I wanted to try everything on the menu, it looked that good.   Reasonably priced, friendly prompt service. I have nothing but good things to say about this place. But, I suppose, if you know me you know I have nothing but good things to say about anything I Yelp.   If it isn't worth writing about I won't waste your time.   This place is good enough to travel a distance for. You don't need to live in Alameda to like Angkor. But please, drive only 25, lest you want your repast to set you back a bit more than you had anticipated.   Alameda popo make their pensions from your heavy foot.  

                I loooooved the food here. I came here for the first time with my boyfriend and his grandma for dinner. The decor was nice and the ambient was perfect for a relaxing dinner. Everything looked new and tidy. The food was very good. We ordered the singapore noodles, the prawn and vegetable stirfry dish, and the peanut sauce prawns over cabbage. They were extremely yummy and good portion sized. The service was impeccable and I was just very happy about it in general. I will definitely be back!  

                This place has excellent food, but the service was SO SLOW. We came in shortly before 9pm on a Friday night and there wasn't much of a wait. They were quick to take our order, but service went downhill from there.  After we were done eating and wanted to pack our food into boxes, it was almost impossible to flag down a waiter because they just weren't paying attention! There were only 2 waiters serving the whole restaurant, but we were pretty much the only ones there by that time. Each time they came by to serve another table, they didn't bother to look around to see who else might need something before disappearing into the kitchen for at least 5 minutes. This happened multiple times before she paid any attention to us. I don't even know how long we ended up waiting, but it was so frustrating! After packing up our food, they forgot that we had ordered dessert so they just started making it, which took another 10 minutes or so. After finishing dessert, the waiter came by with more water and clearly saw that we were done, but it took another 10 minutes to get our bill. If I didn't physically bring the bill back to the counter for them, we might still be there right now! I think we spent more time waiting around than actually eating.  The food, however, is delicious! My sister and I shared the smokey eggplant and garlic noodles with shrimp. The smokey eggplant was not what we expected, but it was a nice surprise! Its chopped up pork and shrimp on top of a bed of eggplant, instead of individual stuffed pieces. Yum. I couldn't really taste the garlic on the noodles, which was a bit disappointing. I could taste the chili spice more than the garlic. I like spicy foods so I was fine with it, but for those looking for a more garlicky taste, don't get the garlic noodles here. The mango sticky rice for dessert was perfect!  Judging from the other reviews, my experience seems to have been out of the ordinary so I'm willing to give this place another try in the future.  

                Started with appetizers: chicken salad: crunchy cabbage and carrots on top of chunks of white chicken with an excellent peanutty sauce. The fresh chicken spring rolls were also amazing. But my favorite was the vegetable deluxe. I added braised tofu and brown rice. An amazing, slightly sweet curry sauce captured the flavors perfectly. Great attentive service, though the main dish did take a while to come out. Will return many more times...YUM  

                Today (Sunday June 29th, 2014) I had supper at Angkor Grill.  I arrived at about 4:30 in the afternoon, and chose a table at the half-way point.  Two families were already having supper, the first was a young couple with an old couple, seated at a table by the window.  Four glasses of beer were on the table, and the brew was illuminated by the golden glow of the setting sun.  Towards the back was a family, with an infant and a young child.  The infant appeared to be sitting on the child's lap.  I ordered CURRY CHICKEN plus WHITE RICE.  The meal came in a small bowl.  The rice also came in a small bowl.  The meal took the form of four chicken legs, still with the skin on the chicken legs, with a bone through the middle of each leg.  Obviously, it was not boneless chicken.  The small bowl also contained several string beans, also known as green beans.  (I like string beans.  I was glad that the string beans did not have bones.)  The rice was a bit on the dried side.  It was likely that the rice was a leftover from the lunch crowd.  I was not happy with the small portion.  I was not happy with the chicken bones.  The menu failed to state that the chicken took the form of chicken legs (I was expecting boneless chicken breast).  I was also displeased by the chicken skin.  Also, one might have expected something extra, such as a veggie roll, or whatever, in addition to the small bowl of bones and skin.  I did my best to finish the chicken legs.   After I stepped outside, I enjoyed the warmth of the setting sun, and the unhurried pace of other Alamedans, walking up and down Park Street.  But what I did not enjoy was the fact that a chunk of chicken skin from ANGKOR GRILL was wedged in between my teeth.  "Well," I said to myself, "from now on I will stick to Thai Noodle House."  Please note that I have been to Thai Noodle House, located at 1635 Park Street, on about 15 occasions.   To conclude, next time I have a craving for a small bowl of bones and skin, I will go to ANGKOR GRILL, but in the event that I want a fine meal, I will go to THAI NOODLE HOUSE on Park Street, or perhaps, to CHA AM on Shattuck Avenue in Berkeley.  

                I came back home to the bay area to visit my family during Christmas break. My aunt & uncle took me and my cousins here for dinner one night. The decor was really nice and the restaurant (as well as the bathroom) were really clean. Service was great. The owner came over and chatted with us. Turned out he knew my extended family which was cool.  Onto the important stuff - FO.O.D -  Rice - Great. Cooked just the way i liked it. Nice and moist. Beef stick - Just as good as my Grandma's! Somlaw machew aka "Phnom Penh Sour Soup" - AMAAAZING! One of the best versions that I've ever had!! Dessert - We had Sticky Rice & Mango and Fried Bananas with vanilla ice cream. Sooo yummy! A great end to a fantastic meal.  I definitely want to come back the next time I visit the bay. :-)  

                First Impression: Cute spot, small, dark wood but also very modern. I love the idea of a new Cambodian restaurant anywhere in the Bay. The food actually gets a 3 from me but the 2 free desserts earned it an extra star!   Who I Dragged Along: Table for 2!   Atmosphere: Lively, small restaurant and there was a ton of people waiting at the front and outside for a table. Plus a few big parties there also.   Price: $65-70 with tax and tip (I can't remember exactly amount, I know we did a little over $30 each). A slightly steep, but we rolled with it.   What We Ate:  Papaya Salad - I was thinking it would be the standard Bok la Hong, but it was more of a shredded salad with carrots, herbs, fried garlic and a fish vinaigrette, not at all what I expected it to be, refreshing still.   Fresh Shrimp Rolls - Standard, but good, dipping sauce was BOMB! But honestly, fresh ingredients with a simple application, would be hard to get this wrong.   Amok Trey - Curried Fish Mousse. Seriously my favorite Khmer dish...EVER. I order it at every Khmer spot I go and I was so disappointed in this one. I was seriously SAD! Like.. SAD PANDA all friggin night! It barely had any curry flavor, or any flavor at all, it was just completely bland and I was just.. soooo sad.   Cha Lamb Krueng - Lamb stir-fry with traditional spices. The saving grace of the meal. It was the best thing on the table, I'm a lamb lover and felt like it was a good blend of spices that worked so well with the slight gamey lamb. I hate it when lamb has no "game", because I might as well just order beef right?   Fried Bananas w/Vanilla Ice cream - The fry job on the bananas was PERFECT!! I so heart them! Was light, crispy and came out piping hot with ice cream melting all over it, it was like.. the most perfect dessert ever. And it was FREE!   Avocado Ice Cream - I've never had it before til the owner brought 2 scoops over to our table, avocado sweets is very popular in Asia and I can see why.. YUM!   Iced Tea and Iced Coffee - I thought my friend's tea was a little too sweet, but then again, that's why I never order the tea! Coffee was on point!   Parking: Street, there is also an open lot 1.5 blocks away   Would I Come Back: I think I will, just to try other things on the menu, will NEVER order the Amok again because I don't wanna be a sad panda all up in the joint. My sister says the Lemongrass Beef Sticks were "on hit", so maybe I'll try that, gotta get the lamb again though!   Did I miss anything?: Over all, it was just.. "ok", I'm not sure what I was expecting, I can cook Khmer at home and I was waiting for the exciting bold flavors I've grown up with and love so much. It was slightly lack luster and catering to a western palate. The owners were amazingly sweet though, and although service was a little slow, we went there when they were barely opened 4 weeks, so I'm sure they'll get into the swing of things. We got 2 free desserts and they were both super yummy!  

                Angel ck wings are my fave, just order them and then order a few entree's to share, wont be disspaointed  

                I'm not too fond of places that dont have their menus online. I came here because my family and i were taking my grandparents out to eat.   I ordered the Cambodian Iced Tea.....which is really Thai iced tea in disguise. The best dish we had were the beef skewer appetizers and bbq pork. The deep fried ice cream is also a must get for dessert.   Its nice that they provide a brown rice option which isnt very common in Asian restaurants.   Parking was difficult for us to find because a festival was going on the night we went so I dont know how it is on a regular day.   The decor is really clean and nice and the service was friendly.  

                Fantastic!. Have been here three times. Food is fresh, clean and tasty. Vegetable curry is fantastic, BBQ Chicken Rice is awesome & the angel wings are a favorite. Food arrives quickly. Prices are very fair & the staff is very friendly.  One of the very best places to eat in Alameda.  

                The variety of restaurants in Alameda lately has been impressive. Of all the cuisines I have learned to appreciate from this diversity, my favorite is probably the Angkor Grill- everything I have tried so far has been outstanding. I especially like the fresh spring rolls, the spicy papaya salad, and the angel wings which are chicken wings stuffed with noodles, mushrooms, and other tasty things. The people who work here are always nice, and the food is consistently excellent.  

                My weekend favorite. This place feels like home to me. There's never a wait. They have comfy seating, provided you sit on the long bench against the wall. If you get the table by the big window in front on a sunny day with the window open, SCORE for some great atmosphere. The food is always delicious. The service is always pleasant and the prices are all very agreeable. Get anything and everything from their menu. I have and will continue to do so. Angkor Grill, I'll be there this weekend!  

                I have had nothing but good experiences eating in this restaurant.   The staff is friendly and attentive. They make suggestions on what to order as well if you want to try something new.   The atmosphere is clean and comfortable. The kitchen also looks clean.   I would recommend anyone interested in trying Cambodian food give Angkor Grill a try.  I much rather prefer this over Burmese Star. Burmese Star's food far too salty and the restaurant is cramped and crowded, noisy and always too long a wait.  

                Everything was fresh and delicious!  Papaya salad...yes!  Singapore Noodles...one if the best we have ever had...BBQ chicken: suck it Hahn's Hibachi...this place is absolutely delicious! My one recommendation: get one noodle dish to share, not two...and get a veg dish!!!  

                Great service. Delicious food & good portions. The eggplant is really good!  & what everyone says is true, the fried banana with ice-cream is definitely to die for.  

                My husband and I really like this place.  I waited till my second visit to write this review.  BBQ Chicken is my favorite, though I can't wait to try some other dishes!  Nice variety on the menu.  Wine and beer are just $2.95 during Happy Hour (3:30 to 6:30), and starters are $4.95.  This time we had the lettuce wraps and papaya salad, FANTASTIC!  Can't wait to try the crepe.  And BBQ chicken, nice dark thigh meat, three pieces in total, nice sized helping, we are always left with a take home box, yummy dipping sauce.  I like that they also have coconut rice, and mango sticky rice, though we haven't tried them yet.  2 starters, 2 drinks, side of rice and 1 entree came to $28.55, really reasonable for Alameda.  Our new go to spot for healthy, yummy, reasonably priced food in the town we live in, YAY!  

                I came here for lunch, and had the beef with broccoli lunch special. The flavor was quite good and the ingredients seemed to be of nicer quality, but the broccoli was somewhat cold relative to the rest of the dish (unacceptable) and the restaurant didn't particularly stand out in any way.  

                We randomly walked in here and were greeted with a "Hey, long time no see!" I had suggested we hit the Cambodian place on MacArthur but it was almost 9 and they'd be closed. So we found this place on yelp and it just happens to be owned by the same guy who owns the MacArthur restaurant that my boyfriend has been frequenting for probably a decade.  So we knew what to expect and they didn't disappoint! The papaya salad was delicious, and it reminded me of the grapefruit and jicama salad at Slanted Door -- I think the dressing is very similar. We also got the lettuce wraps with fish. It started off good but as you get down to the bottom of bowl the texture gets kinda weird since it's been soaking up the sauce for a while.  We also got the whole pompano fish, which I've ordered at their other restaurant. The fish itself is perfect and crispy. The sauce is a little on the sweet side and I don't understand the pile of ground pork they add to it. I mostly just shoved it to the side. I wish it would have come with some chopped and sauteed vegetables instead of the pork, but I can always order more vegetables instead of messing with their dish.  Also, this place closes at 9:30 on Tuesday. We got there at 9 and more than half the tables were occupied. Always a good sign.  

                Excellent service.  I've come to appreciate the decor - lots of wood.  I like the food here.  My BBQ chicken turned out to be the same as the mint vermicelli noodles with BBQ chicken, except without the noodles.    Great to have a Cambodian restaurant in Alameda.  

                On thing makes me really sad: they must kill a lot of angel chickens to make those "angel wings" because that thing is so delicious that there's no way it can be made from ordinary chicken. Alameda is not only good for the Antique Market, it's also good for Cambodian food.  

                Really liked the 3 dishes that my husband and I ordered.  Good atmosphere, friendly waiters/good service.    I would definitely go back and order these again:   Spicy Squid Salad (liked the mint leaves in it) Shaking Beef (delicious!) Lamb with Lemongrass (for some reason, didn't taste very lamby, which is a good thing for me because i don't like the gaminess of lamb sometimes)  Total cost was $38.  Not the cheapest but think it's worth it once in a while.  

                The Line Up: Shaking beef, Pork Chop, Angel Chicken, Papaya Salad, Cha Kathiw, Coconut Rice.  Star Performer: Pork Chop - each bite was bursting with flavor and the pork was moist!  Let down: Cha Kathiw - basically a pad thai dish that underwhelmed me. The sauce was a bit too rich for my liking as it overpowered all the other elements.   Solid performance: Shaking Beef was solid, very tender and juicy.   I would come here again in a heartbeat!  

                The ambience is nice.  Wait staff is friendly and competent.  They have about 10 - 12 tables and they filled out as the night progressed and it was a Sunday too when we went.  The food is good and although I would say it is nothing too different from other Cambodian/Chinese food, it is quite tasty.  We had the crepe for appetizer and it was a generous portion.  I could have eaten the whole for myself and that would be my dinner.  We also had the Shaking beef (which was quite tender) as well as the Chicken with Eggplant.  You get a choice of brown, jasmine or coconut rice and although I am watching my carbs, I couldn't resist having the coconut rice and I wasn't disappointed.  

                Another festive holiday meal with our friends at Angkor Grill. Food was stellar, as usual- tofu with peanut sauce, Lemongrass chicken and cha kathiew- delish! Had some lovely green tea in it's little pot, and Cambodian iced tea. And the gentleman there very kindly offered us some ice cream--  on the house! Really a terrific place! And yes, we did see a film at the Alameda Cinemas, first. (Girl With The Dragon Tattoo) Unbeatable New Years Eve, IMHO.  

                SO DISAPPOINTED.  against my better judgement, my friend and i went in here for dinner, even though i've passed this place up several times before after reviewing their menu from the outside. the prices are ridiculously expensive compared to most other southeast asian restaurants. i understand the rent for a space on park blvd in alameda is probably more expensive than a space on the perimeter of oakland chinatown (phnom penh), but seriously, their seafood options are way overpriced.   food. we had the lettuce wrap with minced fish. the flavor was not good. perhaps, it's  a taste that we weren't use to. in any case, there was no way we could eat it. it was mushy and odd. so we asked if we could send it back and have the papaya salad instead. they agreed. the papaya salad came out about 10 mins later. just shredded papaya, carrots and a few unfreshed shrimps sliced in half. there wasn't much flavor on the papaya salad. i didn't get that whiff of fish sauce that papaya salad usually comes with. boo. we also ordered the singapore noodles w/shrimp. now the menu says vermicelli noodles - which is typically what goes in singapore style noodles. what came out looked like an overcooked plate of pad thai in curry sauce. it was not good. i wouldn't recommend this dish. my friend had the minced pork w/eggplants and a few tiny pieces of shrimp (probably only 2 whole shrimps cut up into smaller pieces). she said that dish was just ok - had better at other places. overall the food was MEH.  service. when we came in the restaurant had 2 other tables of guests, both of them left while we were ordering. then 2 more groups of people came in. they ordered at least 5 - 10 mins after us. we got our first appetizer (the lettuce wrap, which we sent back) then we got our second appetizer. while we're slowly eating the papaya salad, the table near us got ALL OF THEIR FOOD. we finished our papaya salad and still nothing else has come out. meanwhile, the other guests got all their entrees and we're waiting and waiting and nothing. are they pissed that we sent back our first order? WTF. the couple near us, (who btw was watching their mini tv at the table ?!?! who does that at a restaurant? watches a movie? dude, stay home, cook and sit in front of your tv. isnt' the whole point of dining out to enjoy other people's company and conversations -- anyhow, tangent), they get all their entrees and are practically done eating before we even get our first entree. WTF.  totally disappointed. so wanted to like this place because i've heard decent reviews about it and especially because there aren't very many cambodian restaurants out there. i probably will not be coming back. =(  

                Definitely decent with excellent service.  Everything was good, nothing was amazing.  I especially enjoyed the pancake dish that we had as a started.  The barbeque chicken was decent.  The steak was cooked perfectly, though I wasn't crazy about the sauce.  The coconut rice was also decent.    All in all, a nice but not excellent meal.  The leftovers the next day were great!  

                Ate here on Valentine's day of all days. The wait wasn't too long during prime time which was nice. One of the servers even offered us water while we waited.  We ordered the pan fried kathiew, steamed fish in coconut milk, and lamb with lemongrass. Overall food was good. My parents especially liked the kathiew. I liked the lamb best. It had a delicious sauce! The fish was cooked so it was very soft. A little unusual flavoring but still good. Overall a good restaurant, especially if you don't want to deal with big crowds.  

                My husband and I discovered this little gem on Park Street by accident.  It was late night, 9:15 p.m. and we wanted to eat prior to seeing a movie.   I'm a picky healthy eater and I can't just settle for anything.  So, we found a good compromise at Angkor.   I'm a pesce-vegetarian.  And this place knocks the socks off of my feet with their seafood menu choices.  The entrees were perfectly cooked, seasoned, perfectly curried and with the perfect amount of salt.  Other places offering similar curried entrees are either too creamy, too sweet or too salty.  My true test is the prawns.  Most places overcook or undercook their prawns.  Angkor's was perfect.   I've been here three times already,  and will most definitely go back.  

                Lemongrass soup, coconut rice, and everything nice here.  

                Such an amazing addition to the Alameda/Park st. food scene!  I have been to other Cambodian restaurants in the Bay Area and this one is simply the cleanest, freshest, and best tasting.  My family and I came here Saturday night and it was packed, however they quickly set-up a table to accommodate our party of 5. Service & decor at this restaurant are also highlights.  We ordered the:  1) Papaya Salad - great sized portions w/ the perfect combination of sauce, ingredients and flavor.  2) Shaking Beef - great sauce, extremely tender, and the proportions were very generous  3) Stuffed Chicken Wings - definitely a classic cambodian dish. loved the vermicelli and other veggies inside. comes with a side of pickled veggies on the side to counter the sweet sauce.  4) Lamb w/ Asparagus - seriously? this was amazing. the SAUCE is incredible. i could eat rice & the sauce at the bottom of this dish everyday. anyways, the lamb was very tender and surprisingly had no gamey taste, whatsoever. very fresh.  5) Mixed Seafood dish - scallops, shrimps, mussels, etc. braised in an another very unique and flavorful sauce. the MUSHROOMS in this dish are to die for.   6) Fried Bananas w/ Ice Cream - probably the best fried bananas i've ever had. Seriously, the fry was perfect! comes with a hefty scoop of either vanilla or pineapple ice cream.  If you want great Asian food, but are tired of the regular Chinese, Thai or Vietnamese offerings, come check out Angkor!!! you won't be disappointed!  

                I have wonderful memories from my time working in Alameda of Phenom Pen (sp?) owned by the same family on 8th in Oakland.  Ankor is good and worth a try.  The braised shrimp was divine.  The green beans with tofu were very tasty.  I suggest skipping the chicken soup.  It was a disappointment.  

                Ok, you are not in Phenom Phen, but this is nice Asian food with a Cambodian twist. This is a family establishment that is a treat for us in Alameda. The favors are fresh, but not heavy. The sauces are bright but not overbearing. The servers remember you after just a few visits. This is my partner's favorite restaurant in Alameda for their shrimp and scallops with veggies. I admit that it is quite tasty. The decor is nice and in summer, they open the street windows for an open air feeling. Love this place.  

                Nice ambiance. Simple with very nice decor.  We had their papaya salad, duck curry, Pnomh Penh sweet and sour soup,  and a stir-fried fish dish(forgot the name), and fried bananas and ice cream. The papaya salad is not the normal papaya salad, it would be best name papaya mixed with we had shrimps and topped with crushed peanuts. Although it was very good lots of flavor.  The soup had very tastey flavors.  The duck curry was very simple.  I don't think the duck soup was going coming, but it did!  The meat was already tender like it falls off the bone when you bite into it.  

                See Paula O's review FIRST review on this place - I couldn't have said it better myself. :)  

