                The sashimi here is so fresh!  And there are three pages of special rolls to choose from (complete with mouth watering pictures that make you want to just order everything!) so you don't have the dilemma of cook vs fried or even vegetarian options!  We ordered the Sea steak appetizer, Instagram Roll, and Genzoe Neo Traditional roll. Yum :9  The tuna appetizer was an eye opener for sure! If you're a sashimi snob, the quality of the cut and tenderness of the fish won't disappoint.   Also topped our meal off with a slice of the Guava cake to share. There was definitely enough for two!  Will be back to try more rolls. But will try to avoid busy weekend nights and hour waits the next time (came in @7, seated at 8:10pm)  

                Wow! Me and boyfriend went here for the first time on a Saturday night and we were so IMPRESSED by everything about this place. The ambiance is perfect-- perfect for families, date night, and hanging out with friends. It has a modern feel which I like about sushi joints.  The service here is fantastic! The waitresses are really knowledgable and give good recommendations on what to get.   Free appetizer with check in! (:  The sushi is so fresh! The most fresh I've tasted compared to other Bay Area sushi places.   Will definitely be back for happy hour times  

                Rainbow Roll (4 Stars) - Very Fresh Fish and standard Rainbow Roll Style Instagram Roll (4 Stars) - Trendy roll with good sauce  Very trendy place with good lighting and good young atmosphere.  

                It was good until I bit into the tempura shrimp.   It kind of ruined the whole experience. It tasted like old refried shrimp.  My wife said the same thing. It would be a shame that such a popular place would try to save money by serving old shrimp.  I can see that you care about your food and your service.   It must have been a very rare mistake perhaps.   I am sure my next visit there will be just as enjoyable as the first time I had dined there.  

                FRESH! I came here for the first time with the intent of getting the Chirashi bowl, and that's what I did. Very impressed with the freshness. Big cuts too, I took half of it home because I got full. Paired well with hot sake.  Free app with a check in on yelp which is nice. Spicy garlic edamame got tiring to eat, and it may have been overlooked. Gave a complementary little crab crunch starter thing too. Can't argue with free.  Ultimately, I'd recommend. I haven't tried the rolls yet, but the fresh fish alone sold me.  

                Good sushi, not expensive. The only downside was the 1 hr wait. Once you order food comes quickly. Huge selection of detailed rolls which will be custom made if needed to.  

                I was a sake virgin until my friend and I went here. I'm now officially a fan of hot sake - although to me it's way better if you keep it piping hot, which means you'd better keep drinking it as soon as it gets poured out.  Sundays are ALL-DAY HAPPY HOUR! I guess that means Happy Day, right? It surely is -- two large hot sakes, soft-shell crab appetizer, three orders of maki sushi, two special rolls AND dessert for under $70 for two people. That's a pretty sweet deal.  Sushi is fresh, service is good - what more can you ask for in a Japanese restaurant? Been twice now, enjoyed it equally both times.  

                My nephew swears by this place and after my first visit, i can totally see why.   We decided to skip the normal Steak House for Valentines dinner and opted to come here. We pulled up and notice a huge group of people standing around, waiting to be seated. Sucks for us but it's definitely a good sign right??  The hosts in the front were courteous and very helpful even under all of the hectic circumstances. We asked that we be seated in a booth and told them that we would be okay with a longer wait. This place was jam packed and if you didn't already make reservations or didn't care to sit at the bar: you were pretty much out of luck. I lost count of all the walk ins that ended up walking out immediately because the wait was purely insane.   So we finally get seated and we start off by redeeming our free appetizer through checking in on yelp. We originally wanted the calamari but this apparently wasn't redeemable with the yelp offer so we ended up with the spicy garlic edamame. It promised spice with a garlic twist. It came out hot (in temp) and definitely garlicky but the heat was no where to be found... meh.  I expected more and was kind of left unsatisfied so we called for an order of calamari. At first glance, the calamari was not as appealing to me as i had hoped. The fried squid consists of rings and only rings, none of the delicious tentacles that i always look forward to munching on. It wasn't anything spectacular and for $9 i felt like i've had better elsewhere. The dipping sauce was delicious but not good enough for me to order this again.   We also ordered: "Oh My God!" RoLL (OMG)- the roll consisted of shrimp tempura, avocado, and crab. It is then topped off with battered and deep fried Langostino (similar to mini Lobster) and tobiko. Do be aware of the heavy, thick batter that the Langostino is fried in. its not for the faint of heart.  Aniki's ULtimate Roll- the roll was filled with shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, and crab. It is topped off with chunks of salmon, tuna, hamachi, onion, and avocado.  & Last but not Least, we got the Sashimi Regular- which is the chef's choice of 12 pieces of Sashimi  Downside: they ran our of uni and quail egg. I was really looking forward to this off the menu sashimi dish that my nephew was raving about and a good amount of the ingredients weren't available. We were also looking forward to our complimentary Valentines day cupcakes but they ended up running out of that too. Boo!!! We spent well over a hundred bucks and didn't get any sweets.  Food was amazing and the presentation for each dish was stunning to say the very least. The customer service was great even though the restaurant was a mad house. Special thanks to our server Johnathan- my cup of tea never went empty. We really appreciate how helpful you were. Thank You to Abdul for his quick response to my yelp account in regards to the shortage of cupcakes- it truly shows how important your customer base is.  There is no doubt in my mind that i will be back here for my sushi fix. Maybe then i can try that uni, egg, and sashimi dish. I look forward to updating my review and giving them at least one more extra star.... because i know they can prove to me that they are worthy of it.  

                I've been here twice now and I have to say it's a solid place for sushi, but it's only a solid place for sushi.   I ordered a spider man roll and nabeyaki udon; my boyfriend ordered Aniki's ultimate, the kruz3r mob BC roll and the poke trio. The rolls were all great! The poke was actually pretty good as well! The fish was fresh and really packed a lot of flavor! I would come back for the sushi/poke any day. BUT their udon was not that good. I wouldn't say it's terrible, but it lacked so many things. The broth wasn't flavorful, just salty. Also, my chicken looked normal, but tasted like it has been sitting on the grill for 4 hours; literally, all I tasted was smoke. The egg was still raw..... I had to scoop it out with my spoon.... There were also a lack of vegetables. Maybe i was wrong to come here thinking their other menu items would be as good as their sushi/poke.   I think it's a really solid place for sushi! I can tell they have really fresh fish. It also looks really nice because the slices are so nicely marbled! It's like you're eating little pieces of art. But anyways, stick to the fish related menu items.  

                I'll admit it. I'm a sushi snob. But living in NY and LA and traveling a lot, I have a right to be. Never being to this area, I went smoky based off reviews.   Sushi, fresh. Very fresh. Portions are huge. Presentation is awesome. Every time I come back into the area, this is a must stop for me. These guys are chefs. They know how to use a variety of different flavors to truly hit every part of your pallet. The flavors blend perfectly, everything is balanced.   Oh and BTW, the Sophia Mango Mac roll might be the best signature roll I've ever had, period.  

                Mmmm...   I approve ! Although I am a lover of the nigiri only and i am spoiled by another place . Lol I do sometimes enjoy the rolls and this place to my surprise was yummy .   The decoration was beautiful but most importantly the flavors were there and I didn't feel like I was shoving down rice with some weird sauce . Everything tasted pretty fresh .  Service was great too. I think I would totally go here over cha cha any day since I  feel like that place has gone down hill ;(  So overall if you want just specialty rolls come here. Not so much for the sashimi or nigiri.  

                This is truly the best Sashimi in Fremont.  Again, strictly rating for the edible art of sashimi and not the cooked items.  As always, I asked for the sashimi omakase.  Always beautiful, always fresh.  Check the pictures and see for yourself.  One of my favorite appetizer is the Japanese nacho (tempura shiso leave with spicy tuna on top).  Delish! As I know the wait staff fairly well, we were seated very quickly.  Service is always solid as well.  The bathroom? Good.  A little walk and the walk way is a slippery if you are trotting around in 3 inch heals.  But, it's a nice restroom.  The bill for 3 was $80.  Not too bad for the sashimi.  Overall experience?  Solid lunch and solid dinner.  Bon appetite!  Until next time, ciao!  

                This place never disappoints.  Everything from their appetizers to dessert is good.   Today I was in a hurry so I just got a Roses Seafood Salad.  It was <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbomb.com&s=bb4f996415a9c2f21137e27cfb68f439a48cec2652b53e9b50dd7e766dbe177e" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bomb.com</a>. Really good and fresh. The only thing I would personally change is one of the fish in the salad had a strong fish flavor. I don't know another way to describe it other than fishy. So if I get that again, I will likely ask to not have that fish in there. But that is all personal preference.   Drinks: Sake.  The sake is amazing. Not all sake has a great sake taste. But this one is on point.   Food: Ive gotten their complementary crab salad thing you get when you dine in, and it honestly makes me just want to dine in all the time. But I don't usually have the time.  We also got a free appetizer of spicy garlic Edamame.  If you don't instagram, maybe you should download the app and post a picture just to get this for free. or stop being a cheap ass and buy it because damn it, this was too good!   Rolls: One of my favorite rolls is the OMG roll. Its just perfect. You get a good amount of tempura goodness with the accompaniment of a delicious roll.   Poki salads: If you're a fan of poki, get the trio! Its worth it.   Dessert: I have only tried one so far, it was the fried banana and ice cream. I dont regret one bite. It was way too good. I kept seeing that dish come out of the kitchen so i had to order one for myself. :p No regrets!   Service: Outstanding. They always greet you upon arrival and are usually really soft spoken. Servers are nice and attentive as well as having a lot of knowledge of the menu. So if you come in and are overwhelmed by their 8 page menu, just ask a server what they prefer or what is popular. Can't go wrong. I have yet to have something that it outright disgusting.  Defiantly a place to go.   Con: Their prices are a bit high. but they do have really good quality and the food always looks like what you see in the pictures.  So if you want to get cheap sushi, don't come here.  If I made more money, I would live here.  

                All my friends have rav reviews about Aniki's, but it was okay for me.  I guess it depends on what you ordered? We ordered the famous Sooki roll and the typical rainbow roll (but with a different name on the menu). The Sooki roll was creative and delicious, but it was wrapped very loosely so everything fell apart. The other row was pretty disappointing and unmemorable: the inside was like Costco's roll. Usually the typical rainbow roll I have in other restaurants at least also have some sort of fish inside...and for the price it was pretty expensive. :(  On the bright side, all the fish tasted pretty fresh, maybe I'll consider getting sashimi or chirashi if I am coming back next time...  

                Now that Yuki's has a different sushi chef that has changed their sushi, and they have somehow lost the ability to cook sushi rice properly, I have to say that I've been finding myself at Aniki's much more frequently to get my sushi fish.  It's still by no means a traditional Japanese restaurant, but if you're looking for huge rolls and big portions, this is a good option. They can get really busy on weekends, so be prepared to wait if you don't have a reservation.   Their non-edible garnishes still kind of irk me. They are totally pretty, but it means that they are either buying, then throwing away a leaf and a flower for every plate that they serve, or they are picking them off the dishes, rinsing them off and reusing them.   I think that they could knock a dollar or two off their rolls and ditch the flowers and pass the savings onto us.  

                I like the aniki's because of the Sake selection. The fish is good but to be very honest nothing in the area has come close to Omee J in Sunnyvale.   The cuts of fish were good, normal size you'd see at a sushi joint. The rolls were also good but I noticed a lot of the rolls are lathered in sauces...which just takes away the flavors of the fish itself.  but the sake list...impressive. The waitress we had was also impressive because she actually knew the sakes they carried well and could discuss the flavors, bouquet and more (like pairing) with ease..so ordering sake with sushi was perfect.  All in all, this is a good place to eat. Be prepared to wait if you didn't call first because everytime we've done a walk in..its been a 30-45 min wait min.  I'd also avoid this place on Friday and Sat nights between 8-10 as its usually packed with a nice line  

                Went to Aniki's Sushi for dinner on Wednesday night at 8 pm. The place was packed but we were seated right away. The menu is extensive with two pages of different rolls. There are some Korean items on the menu as well. We ordered the Omakase which consisted the following  monk fish liver geoduck clam raw octopus salmon with salmon eggs albacore tuna with uni on top  The fish selection is basic but the presentation. We also had the Japanese Nachos which were complimentary with Yelp check in and was excellent. The Tempura however was very heavy and greasy. Service was OK.  

                This is by FAR the best sushi restaurant in the Bay! We come here regularly (every Friday) and we arrive right at 5pm when they open to avoid waiting. The food is always fresh and delicious! Some of our favorites are the Japanese Nachos, Aniki's Delight, Spicy Tuna hand roll, Pixie Roll, Charlie Chaplain Roll, OMG roll and the BBQ spicy chicken plate. The staff is always so helpful and friendly and the restaurant is always clean. Aniki's has set the bar so high that I refuse to eat at any other sushi joint! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  

                I love my sushi and I am picky when going to places. I have to admit that his place is great. Great service, great food and ambiance.  Sushi is fresh and love the cucumber salad.  I usually go on my lunch hour and am in and out in time. Go and check it out!  

                This is a really nice looking sushi place. Once you walk in, you get that upscale and expensive feel.. so of course it feels like the food here is less than authentic and tailored more to the American public...at least that's how I felt. Nothing wrong with a wow looking sushi restaurant... But the food was not so wow!  Before I picked this restaurant, I was excited to see that they were offering a free appetizer with a check in on Yelp. Don't be fooled though, it's just edamame or seaweed salad...nothing to be too excited about. I guess what made up for it was the free crab salad they give each guest in the beginning.   The rolls here were kinda pricey for the taste/quality. I mean the rolls looked decent, but they weren't as good as they looked. Our group had the following: 1.) Simba Roll - Deep fried tempura, yummy. Roll was simple and pretty decent.  2.) OMG Roll- There was nothing "OMG" about this roll. It had some deep fried fish on top and underneath was a variation of a California roll. Very very disappointed.  3.) Kruzer mob roll - This was probably the prettiest roll, but it didn't taste all that great. I don't think it was very fresh either. 4.) Aniki's roll - This I would recommend if you like tuna... its loaded with tuna. The roll underneath was better than that of the OMG roll.  Anyway, service was also okay. I noticed there was a pretty big wait staff so you always have someone there to tend to your needs. I don't know if I'd come back to this place for sushi though. I think Satomi is a lot better.  

                Aniki's Sushi really lived up to the hype. Their reviews are glowing and after my recent dining experience there, I can totally see why. The service was exceptional and the food was flavorful and delicious.  We ordered the Dragon roll and Teriyaki chicken dinner combo. The portion for the combo was large but matches the $18 price tag. The dragon roll was another $13 for a larger than average sized roll. We also got to sample some of their large selection of sake. They were unfortunately out of the one I originally wanted to get, but were very apologetic and polite about it -- offering us a few samples before I picked an alternative.   We also got a free Japanese nachos appetizer, which only came with two pieces but were really unique and tasty. There was also a starter salad made with panko crumbs and sauce. Everything was so delicious! (See mouth-watering pictures below)  Our waitress was very nice throughout our dinner and there was another guy walking around constantly to make sure that the tables are cleared when they can be and that our waters are filled. The best thing about their service is that they have plenty of servers to take care of their customers' needs right away.   There is also a small bar area inside for those who just want to drink sake and have sushi (:  

                You know you're close to heaven when you get sushi with Bacon on it! Delicious Fresh  And amazing service! The OMG baby lobster is to die for and the salmon is the freshest I've had in a long time!  A must try place  

                As a vegetarian, I know to not to come to a Sushi place and expect a wide variety of vegetarian options. But I think I like the appetizer salad that they served here first. They have a mango/ jalapeno roll which is pretty good. And I see that they have some rolls that they set on fire, so that's pretty cool. We also get a free appetizer with a Yelp check-in so that's cool. One of the sushi places I would go to if I ever craved vegetarian sushi or lived in fremont.  

                1 hr wait, small crowded, great service good food, pricey, great guava cake, good rolls :)  

                This place is the shit. My family and I come here at least once a week!  Pro tip: The wait for a table sometimes gets pretty long. My Parents and I have learned that the bar is the way to go if you want to get seated right away! Plus it's really fun and entertaining to watch the sushi chefs prepare the rolls.  But I love this place! Super fresh fish. A little bit more on the expensive side but I prefer it over Satomi which my family and I used to go to all the time, but we've made the switch considering their fish is far more superior.   Japanese Nachos - Seems like everyone raves about them. They're so delicious, and awesome that they're free! Drench in lemon, yummm.  Hamachi Kama - This is an appetizer but I normally eat is as my main course. It is the neck of hamachi, grilled. Super tasty with the dipping sauce!  Kim's Poke Trio - Love this sampler style dish, which I also have as my main course sometimes. Super flavorful and unique tastes.  My only slight annoyance with this place is that some of their rolls are just too fancy! There are some superfluous things in them which jack up the prices. Wish they'd take away some rolls and add some more simple ones. I guess that's why I normally opt out of the rolls and grab some fish instead!  

                The wait was a bit long but that's what you would expect?  It's really good and very creative rolls. Our order was taken by the manager Carlos. Our server was hit with 3 tables all at once so we understood. Carlos came by and took our orders and even recommended a roll not on the menu. He really took care of us and Vesna, our other server came by as well. The service was outstanding and the food was amazing. Definitely would go back and try other rolls. We have yet to try the poke. Too full.....  

                My husband and I have been wanting to try this for the longest time! We tried a Monday, but Aniki's is closed... Bummer.   So we went in on the 7th, my bday! I was so excited To come in for lunch. We also wanted to see what the hype was all about. We got a free appetizer when you check in with Yelp; we ordered the "Nachos". They were like two crispy "chips" with stuff on top. We also got a complimentary crunchy crab "salad" very small with cucumbers. but very tasty. So tasty that we had to order my son a plate for himself (he seriously only eats the crunchy stuff and crab: not sure what you call the crunchy stuff. Sue me! I'm Ignorant lol )   Service was great; very attentive.   We ordered 3 different rolls: The Sophia Mac Roll was delicious, the Philadelphia Roll, pretty standard, and the Captain "something" I'm not Gonna lie, I forgot the name! Hey, I went there last weekend! Lol   All rolls very yummy.  I'm not into fresh fish too much so I can't ding them for that. I will, however, ding them 1 star because it's pricey! I'm not a cheap person nor is my husband, but I was definitely only looking to order rolls under $15... we will be back again, but this is a once in a while treat.  Glad we came in.  

                This place is above average but is a bit overpriced. A free app with check in was a nice great plus some complimentary crab salad and Miso for kids.. But My citrus breeze was nothing but grapefruit juice...;( portions were large... But $20 for a poke (lightly marinated fish and shaved raffish) was a little much..  

                Seems like when ever the the Hubby and I are craving sushi we always end up here. So where to start..first off I love the music they have on! It ranges from 80's hits to 90's R&B always takes me back...but I digress.   When you check in on Yelp you get to pick a free appetizer and our favorite is the Japanese nachos. They also serve a yummy complimentary crunch salad which has crab, spicy mayo, cucumber and bits of fried tempura flakes.   The rolls are a bit on the pricey side at about $10-$20 a roll. I will say though the fish is very fresh. We haven't been disappointed yet! Our favorites are the:  Instagram Roll: Salmon, yamagobo, spicy tuna, avacado, unagi   Aniki's Ultimate Roll: Shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, crab   Gonzo Neo traditional Roll: Soft shell crab, asparagus, cucumber, spicy tuna, tobiko  The service here is friendly and fast. So big thing is this place is always busy! We usually wait about 30-45 mins, it helps if you have a larger party to make a reservation in advance.  

                *Check-in on Yelp for a free appetizer per table. Recommend the nachos!  I finally got to try Aniki's last time I was in the bay after my friends have been raving about this place. It was overhyped for me.  Atmosphere: Busy and crowded during dinner time. They must be doing something right if they're constantly drawing in crowds. Apparently, 49ers players enjoy coming here to eat.  Parking: Inside a plaza, so free and plentiful.  Food: I shared with 2 of my friends. We ordered two different rolls, OMG and Ultimate, which were both okay. One was fried lobsters and the other was seared fish over california roll. 2 salmon nigiri and 2 uni nigiri which were good sized! I think Cha Cha Sushi is cheaper and gives more in quantity. It was plenty of food for us. Each of us paid $20 including the tax and tip.  

                It was my first time here and my experience left me with a desire to return. Each one of those stars is genuinely earned by Aniki's.  I was greeted by server who was not empty handed. They bring you a complimentary appitizer, small cucumber salad with spicy mayo, crab meat and tempura crumbled concoction.   I came in craving a cooked roll, and discovered how fresh* the sashimi was. And it was 8pm! I ordered salmon and tuna nigiri, immediately. They were good!   The cooked roll was a bit cold for my taste, but I think they might have been trying not to over cook the salmon. It wasn't over the top delectable but it was an enjoyable typical spin on a 'lion roll' nontheless.  The unagi hand roll was good, it was moist but could use a bit more flavor. I would like to try the Donburi.   This place had the freshest ginger ever tasted. Asking for extra a generous helping is given.  My waiter was super attentive and relaxed, my tea kept getting refilled, and I love getting my sushi straight from the hands of the chef.   This place defined 'fully staffed.'  I recommend sitting at the bar.  

                Our favorite is the OMG roll...great service, great food and music is great....old school!  

                Aniki Sushi is the best. I could not believe that in Fremont I found this place. It is in the middle of a random shopping center. I checked in and saw the free app offer for yelp. It was the japenese nachos- so delicious. It was a deep friend leaf that was the "chip" with a generous amount of yummy on top. Then I got a rainbow roll and the OMG roll. The OMG roll was GIGANTIC. It was overflowing with fried lobster on top. I could have shared it with 3 people. What a deal.  They give you an amuse bouche when you sit down and thefree yelp check in! I am in love and so sad that I do not live near this sushi place. You lucky Fremontians. There are booths and tables galore and it is no surprise that they are busy.  

                I've been to this sushi place a handful of times!   I came on their 2nd anniversary because I heard they have a photo booth set up and cute sushi cupcakes!!! Definitely took advantage of the photo booth and took 3 sets! 2 while waiting and 1 after dinner! :)  I have to say that this place looks pretty nice inside the restaurant and the staff is usually pretty great, but the sushi is on the pricier side. :p  I really think the sushi here is just okay... Nothing really special so I don't think it's really worth the price :p   The sashimi here is thick and delicious though! And the best free appetizer if you check into yelp is the Japanese Nachos! It's a deep fried leaf with spicy tuna mmmm :9 def must get!  The bathroom is really nice so A+ for that! This place is usually really busy so tables are pretty close to others...   One time I came with 5 friends and we ordered a carafe of soju expecting something on the larger side... So not worth it. Lols should have been shown the size because we asked how many shots would that carafe held. It poured less than 10 shots! :p  

                Had sushi deluxe combo. ~40$ but enough for 2 ppl and the selection of fish was supreme. Hamachi belly and tuna belly included but no tamago and ebi. Fresh fish. My husband is sensitive to freshness of fish but he approved this place so far. Best in fremont so far I know. 30min even on wednesday nights says something about this place. It is worth the wait. Waitresses were a bit busy but they were all nice. Had fusiony feeling about this restaurant but nothing disappointed me so far. Highly recommend for fremont and nearby residents. I used to go all the way to Santa Clara or SF to eat sushi but this place made stay in town for sushi on weekday nights.  

                I got here at around 8:45pm on a Friday night and there was still a short wait.  Aniki is popular amongst the younger, ghettoer Asian crowd... you know, e-cigs, baggy jeans, and slang.  Yes, some people still wear baggy jeans.  If you check in, you get "Japanese nachos" which are two deep fried sesame leaves topped with tuna and the fixings.  Ours took a while to came out and the waitress told us the leaves were still being deep fried, which I'm sure does not take more than 2 minutes each.  But it turns out she forgot to put our order in.  She was really nice about it though.  The thing to get here are rolls.  They have two huge pages of them and they're sort of organized under cooked, tempura, and specialty sections.  They even have super special rolls, one with king crab that cost $30.  I don't know who in their right mind would pay $30 for that.  If you want king crab, get the actual thing in its entirety and get it fresh.  Generally, the rolls are a bit pricey for what you get.  The fish does seem moderately fresh but all the rolls we got had a lot of sauce and it was just too overpowering or too salty or too sweet.  Service was good and the food came out quick.  There's one TV set on a sports channel.  There's a bar in the back that has lights constantly changing color.  Booths along the walls and a lot of closely set tables in the middle.  A little too close for comfort at times.  

                My best friend took me here for my late birthday dinner (lol). Sushi dinners seem to have become our thing recently, and we are always wanting to try new places! Anyways, we have never been to Aniki's, but he swore on the previous reviews that it would be a good place for sushi. I have to say I'm very impressed!  Came on a Friday night and we were sat right away. We checked in and got ourselves a free appetizer -- their Japanese nachos. Two, bite-sized "nachos" that wanted me having more! Very interesting combination of ingredients and textures. Never had anything like it.   The rolls. I ordered the Sooki So So (love cucumber rolls) and Instagram roll. My friend ordered the Fremont Fire, Simba, and some garlic shrimp roll (can't remember the name!) The Instagram had to have been my favorite out of the five, but they were all pretty damn good.   When we first opened up the Fremont Fire roll, I quickly spotted a hair on it... Eek! Told our waitress, and she took it back to the kitchen to be remade. She came back with a new roll (hair free!) and said it was taken off the bill! Definitely was not expecting that, but we appreciated the gesture! And hey, who can argue with free sushi?!   To drink, my friend had a beer, and I got the plumtini as recommended by our waitress. REALLY good! The best part of the night? The manager surprised us a with second round of drinks... on the house! It was his way of apologizing for the hairy situation.   All in all, I would definitely come back. Good food&drinks, great employees, and awesome music.  

                Flavorful and different rolls that make them stand out. They have a large variety of rolls and their menu has pictures!! Their free crab salad is pretty tasty too! I craved this place when I was pregnant. This is my go to sushi restaurant. :)  

                Hands down, best Sushi in Fremont for sure, however they are expensive.  You sit down and are first served with a lovely little cucumber and crab salad and service from the gate is incredible. I used to get the rolls, but lately I have been ordering the salmon skin hand roll and it is just wonderful!  The skin is cooked to perfection giving it a light chew which is how I like it.  It is also pretty large, so very filling.  The Japanese nachos are also amazing, very unique and the flavors combine nicely.  I ordered the jalapeno bombs once too, great flavor, super freaking spicy though!  Buyer beware!  

                Updated review as of 08/09/2014:  Thank you Abdul, Rob, & the whole staff at Aniki's for never disappointing me. I've been coming here since they first opened earlier last year. I've never ONCE had any disappointments with my food or service and I hope to see this business continue to grow everyday.  So far since I started coming here, I've tried: - Golden State Warrior Roll. - OMG Roll. - SAV's Roll. (If you usually go to Cha Cha Sushi and always get the Brandon Roll then you have to try this. It's a similar concept but bigger portions!) - King Crab Roll.  - Cisco System Roll. - Lion King Roll. - Raiders Roll. - Kruzer Roll. - 49ers Roll. - Facebook Roll. - Sophia Mango Mac Roll. - Sashimi Deluxe. - Mussels. - Nigiri Omakase. (This one is probably my favorite because it has uni, quail egg, and a bunch of sashimi around it.) - Tempura Green Tea Ice Cream.  Some of the things here might be pricey but it's definitely worth your money AND it's quality sushi!   Tips: If you check in on Yelp, you can get a free appetizer and all of it is good!  

                Decided to try a new sushi and found this one! Came in at 1:30pm (they had just opened at 1pm) and it was already packed! Luckily, there was only 2 of us so we got seated right away.   We got a free appetizer since we checked in using yelp (score!). We went with the spicy garlic edamame, it was DELICIOUS.   We ordered the NY roll, the Enter The Dragon roll, and the Raiders roll. My favorite hands down was the Raiders roll but in all reality, all three rolls were pretty amazing.   The customer service was on point. Our server was really nice and very attentive.   Hands down, one of the best sushi places I've been to.   The only down side about it is that it's a small location therefore didn't look like it would work well if you came with a huge party.  

                I like to call this place the "home of the designer sushi roll". If you're expecting anything traditional here, you're in for a bad time.   Aniki's is one of my new favorite places for sushi when I feel like drowning my hunger in special sauces and deep fried add-ons. I have yet to go wrong with a roll here. The OMG roll is aptly named, because that's exactly what you'll say when the server puts it in front of you. Kirby Garlic is much the same as the OMG except with the added bonus of cream cheese. You'll be eating the 5-0 roll quick as if the cops were chasing you. Seriously, I have yet to go wrong here.  Also, if you're reading this on the Yelp app, go ahead and check in. Get those Japanese nachos. You're not going to regret it. And yes, finish eating it, you can thank me later.   Service rocks here. Super friendly and pretty upbeat even with their usual business. Food comes out pretty quick too considering how busy they get. Sure, the prices are pretty crazy high for your typical sushi joint, but you're getting larger portions and the rolls taste way better than the usual.   Aniki's is my new go to spot for sushi in Fremont for a reason. Definitely going to be a regular here.  

                This place is so over-rated... especially considering the price!  

                Walking in, we were seated right away and there were plenty of friendly staff that greeted us and served us from beginning to end. We ordered a Nummi roll, Aniki's Ultimate roll, Ohlone roll (didn't like this one so much), and an InstaGram roll (I would like this had it not been for the random carrot. It added flavor but I didn't expect the crunch) and last but not least, a kids beef teriyaki bento box with tempura. Everyone enjoyed their meals, the rolls were the perfect size to shove in your mouth. Upon a yelp check in, you get a free appetizer (there are four choices and I'm sorry I don't remember but the servers would be able to tell you!)  Did I mention the staff??? They were amazing. Friendly, quick, and SUPER attentive.   Really recommend this place!  

                We ordered the Omakase Nigiri & Sashimi and Enter the Dragon roll-- both were amazing! Considering it was a busy Sunday night our food came out quick & service was great!  

                Absolutely my favorite sushi place ever! And I've eaten at plenty of sushi places, plus I'm not a big fan of raw fish (but I'll eat it here!) Service is always quick and friendly. OMG roll and the fremont fire roll are my top 2 favorite. Their deep fried banana with ice cream for dessert is a must too. Their signature drinks are a little on the strong side but nonetheless still good! This should definitely be on any sushi lovers must try list!  They also play the Warriors game in their big screen TV! Plus points for that!  

                Anikis is the shiZnet!  Great sushi and awesome customer service .  We ordered the lion king roll and had fried calamari for appetizer.  Will definitely be back next time for more.  

                It's about time that I tried Aniki's, and it definitely lived up to its hype!  We went on a Friday night, so it was pretty packed, but lucky for us, there were two seats available at the bar. We plopped ourselves down and immediately began to drool over the menu.  First off, free appetizer when you check in on Yelp! It's only for a select few, though, so check with your server to see which ones are available. We picked the Japanese nachos, which was definitely a unique and tasty concept.  We ordered the OMG Roll and a sashimi regular plate.  The OMG roll will definitely make you say OMG when you first see it. It's piled high with langostino tempura and tastes absolutely amazing. The pieces of sashimi were fresh, thick, nom-worthy, and made the sashimi fanatic in me do back flips and cartwheels.  I'm more of a raw fish kind of girl myself, so I'm definitely coming back for the sashimi, although everything that we had was equally as delicious.  

                This is one of the best places for sushi in Fremont but that's not saying much given the lack of good sushi restaurants in this area. This place specializes in elaborate rolls, of which I am not a fan of but a few are pretty good. I recommend Aniki's Ultimate Roll. There's lots of fresh fish in this one and it's quite tasty. I tried the omakase and though it looked pretty, it didn't really blow mind. They have a good selection of sake and some pretty interesting cocktails. The price though is pretty steep. $20 for an order of sushi rolls is a bit much. Especially when I can go to Jiro Sushi in Union City and pay 40% less for pretty much the same quality. I would come here on a date or if the bill can be expensed but then again, I'd rather make the drive to Akiko's in SF or Sushi Sam in San Mateo for a better sushi experience.  

                Been here's my times with my wife. Love the off the menu dully roll (named after one of the co-owner Abdul). Love the free tempura flakes salad.  

                As the rating says..it was just "A-OK." Nothing terrible, but nothing special or memorable.   Had assorted sashimi and a couple of rolls. Pretty good.   Oh wait, I remember what was memorable: $1 hot sake happy hour.  

                Disappointed. I ordered the sushi combo and for $25 I was expecting delicious sushi. Out of 8 pieces I couldn't eat 1 because it was sinewy, the rice was too dry that everything fell apart for all 8 pieces, and the salad was sad. On the upside, good miso soup. I guess I'll keep looking for a sushi restaurant in fremont...  

                I came with 3 other friends and had such a wonderful experience.  Too bad I didn't get our waiter's name but he was great. Although he had a 12 hour shift, he kept us entertained by cracking jokes and what not.  To start off, we got complimentary crab salads per person, but really it's fried crumbs, rather than a salad really, which is even better ;) We all loved it!  I checked in to get the Japanese nachos appetizer for free, and it was delicious! But I don't think it'd be worth $6 or so dollars, since there are only two pieces!  Then both of my guy friends each ordered an Unami roll (6 pieces each), and a bento box. I had a little bite of everything and it all tasted good.  My girl & I shared the bulgogi bowl lunch special. It was more than enough food to share and for such a good price too! The meat was very tender and flavorful. The rice drenched in sauce was plentiful.   The reason I docked 4 stars is because I came in wanting some rolls, but it's pretty pricey! A lot of the rolls were ~$15 each!   But overall, I'm glad we checked this place out!  

                I've been to this sushi spot a few times already... The place is very small so you have to wait sometimes for a while. They have good customer service... I've tried different sushi rolls and they have been good and fresh... The teriyaki chicken is good as well... Good selection of alcohol...  

                We celebrated several of my friends' birthday here. I have tried it when it just opened. I wasn't sure why I didn't want to come back then after several more visits, the birthday parties and after reading other reviews, now I know why I don't prefer this place.  Their rolls are too fancy!  Too many sauces that taste like mayo. They are good but just too much!  I think this drives their prices higher too.  I like my Japanese sushi clean. I want to taste the fish.... Also, at one party where we had 4 ladies and 4 kids, they allowed us to order way too much sushi. At most restaurants, the server knows the quantity of food and usually guides you through the ordering process. Here, they let you waste food in the name of business.  I guess they don't care about comments like mine anymore because they are rated pretty high now at Yelp. Which reminds me of another point why I didn't like them from the get go....  When they first opened, they paid yelpers to posts 5-stars. Water under the bridge now but shows character on the management.  If they put more simple, non sauce laden, non cooked rolls, make their servers care about the customers and guide them in the ordering process so we don't waste food, then I'll consider going there again.  But as it is, they've made Fremont used to bad roll combination. 2-stars for the fresh fish - with their current stream of customers, they should at least be solid on that...  :-)  

                They are one of the good sushi restaurants in the area - food is great. However their front desk seemed biased in allotting seating to guests... guests who were known to them got seating earlier than others who had been waiting longer. On asking why, they said those guests had reservations... which is surprising since they specifically mentioned that they do not take reservations when I had called them earlier...  , while we stood their waiting for a turn that was definitely not going as per first come first serve.   Hope it doesn't happen again.  

                I LOVE ANiKiS! This is one of my top 5 places to eat for sushi. The quality & freshness of the fish is A-perfect. The rolls are delicious. The plates are beautifully presented. And the staff are all so welcoming and attentative.   The ONLY complaint I have is that they don't serve tsubugai (aka whelk/sea snail) - it's  one of my favorites!   Tip: try the spicy garlic edamame to start off with. It's sooo good!  

                Another one of my go-to sushi restaurants in the tri-city area. Their fish is fresh. I'd give them 4 stars but they use too much rice in their rolls. I always end up picking the rice off. Their menu is also overwhelming. Every time I come here, I feel like I have to study the menu the night before I go.  

                If you want sushi with the freshest of fish, come here! The sashimi and sushi are amazing! Can't go wrong with anything on the menu!  

                I found this place because I follow JBoog on Twitter and stumbled upon his tweet one day that he ate here. I had to check this place out. We ordered our meal to go because we were meeting up with family at home, but the customer service was super nice. I am definitely going to have to come back and actually eat at the restaurant because they won my heart over with their 90's hip hop and r&b playlist. Their rolls are beautiful and tasty, their menu looked very intriguing. I can't wait to come back and try more.  

                If this place takes reservations, do yourself a favor and call ahead and make one. The wait to be seated (we went in on a Friday) was over an hour.   Now, I've been reading the reviews for this place for several weeks so when we got told how long we had to wait I was willing to see what all the hype was about. Usually, I would have just bounced out to somewhere else. I can safely say, Aniki's is the BEST sushi restaurant I have ever been too. I would love that to be a hyperbole, but it's not.   The staff was very, very, very friendly. The food was AMAZING! The rice melted in your mouth, almost like it wasn't there. The quality of the fish was very good and the sauces they used weren't overpowering! I was really surprised. We ordered the Aniki's Ultimate Roll and I was very pleased with what we got. The onions ontop were a pleasant addition, it really made the roll different/special. Everything was very balanced and I will definitely be back to try out the other rolls on the menu. The cocktail we ordered was alright, that was the only low of the night.   Overall, my new favorite place for Sushi. Definitely will be back!  

                Not good for group. The bathroom was dirty. I pretty sure I stepped on pee. But the sushi was fresh and delicious.  

                Given how packed this place was as well as the yelp ratings, we expected it to be stellar, a promising choice for a special occasion. Unfortunately, that was not the case.  The wait was not bad (estimated to be 20 min, but actually no more than 10).  The meal started off with a complimentary crab salad for each of us, which was quite good. We also redeemed our yelp check-in for free edamame (spicy garlic), which was also quite good. We waited longer than usual for our rolls to come out and when they did, they weren't anything spectacular.  First of all, the many photos depicted on the yelp photos page are not at all what we received. No beautiful creations to be found on our table. Just bare plates with rolls on them, that's all. One of the rolls we received was so inconsistently cut that one piece was 1.5 inches thick, while the one next to it was less than 1/4 inch thick.  The flavors and taste were fine, nothing out of this world. The fish is touted to be this exceptional "AAA" rated sushi and the menu insisted we would "taste" the difference, but there was no difference to be tasted. It tasted good, it just didn't live up to what the menu was touting.  The spicy scallop roll that was ordered was lacking any hint of the spicy sauce that it is supposed to come with. When we asked the waitress whether we may have been given a regular scallop roll by mistake, she insisted it was the Spicy Scallop Roll. We had to ask for multiple sides of sauce to dip in to make it even tolerable.  Given the overall prices being higher than the other sushi restaurants we tend to go to, I can't say that I would recommend this restaurant. We've definitely had better sushi and also for a lower price.  Take home message: The sushi here is not extra special quality, though the menu promises and the prices imply extra special quality.  

                Anticipating a long wait, my friend and I were surprised that Aniki's wasn't very busy for lunch on a Saturday. The decor of this place is modern and refreshing with booths on the sides and tables in the middle.   The menu is super organized - my OCD mind thanks you, Aniki's! Not only do they provide a really nice picture of the roll, they also provide all the ingredients inside and outside of the rolls. And they have cute names for their sushi rolls. (Examples: Facebook, Instagram, etc.) I like that they put the Niners, Giants, Sharks, and Warriors (aka the better bay area sports teams) rolls all together.. and the A's and Raiders are on another page. Just kidding, bay area represent!  If you check in on Yelp, you get a free appetizer! I believe you can only choose from the edamame, garlic edamame, and the Japanese Nachos. Definitely go with the Japanese Nachos! You only get two of these "nachos," but they're amazing! Rolls are around $14-16.. but sushi is always a bit on the pricier side anyways, right?  - 49ers roll: delicious! The shrimp tempura, avocado, and crab on the inside was a nice balance for the spicy tuna and unagi on the outside. The sauce they used on this roll was on point. - Jake's Salmon Lover roll: salmon galore! If you like salmon, this is the roll for you! I love salmon, but this roll was a little too *dry* for me. I think it would've been perfect if they drizzled a little sauce on it.  Service here is A+. Our cups were always filled, and they always checked in with us to make sure everything was okay. I was very impressed with how attentive and friendly they were. It definitely put a smile on my face!  

                I've been to Aniki's a few times now, and I'm surprised I haven't ever written a review for them yet! Surprisingly, every time I've gone, I've never had to wait for a table. But this place is pretty poppin'! You get a free crab crumb salad, while you peruse their extensive menu. They have tons of choices -- from bento boxes, sashimi orders, udon, and lots and lots of rolls!   They have super creative names for their rolls (think Bay-Area themed rolls) and they're all very yummy. I've had the Lion King, Instagram, OMG roll (highly recommend), etc. They have really great service, and the restaurant is very clean and comfortable. They have a bar section if you're into watching some sports games too. Love that it's close to Fremont hub, so you can do a lot of things after eating!  

                Yummy. Great sake. Great fish and awesome rolls Sophia Mango Mac and Fremont Fire are the best but I keep coming back to try them all  

                When I invite people to visit me in Fremont, it's a given lunch or dinner will be at Aniki's. Their sushi quality and selection is incomparable to anything around ... Their staff is friendly. And even though there is always a wait to get a table, it's sooo worth it and they make it as pleasant as possible. Love their cocktails and sake specials as well! Great place in Bay Area!  

                We visited Aniki's twice to try out the Japanese food. The first visit was to a packed restaurants with a long wait time, so we took our hungry selves elsewhere. On our second visit, there were still no free tables, but we were able to grab a couple of seats at the bar before the sushi-making counters.  Aniki's has a lively atmosphere and a lot of tables in a medium to small space. The servers were courteous and prompt and visited with us several times to check up on our orders and refill our tea.   We ordered the Salmon Teriyaki, OMG rolls, and Japanese Nachos, which were complementary with a yelp check-in. The nachos were a unique experience. The salmon portions were large and the OMG roll was a large plate-full of sushi and fried goodness. Overall, the food was quite good and I would recommend it for those looking for Japanese food and for comfort food.  

                While in the area, my dad asked me to look up a restaurant in the area to try for lunch. Aniki popped up, and we decided to go here because of the positive reviews.   We ended up sitting at the sushi bar, as this restaurant appears to cater mostly to people in groups of 2. The restaurant isn't too big, so we were either going to have to wait +20 minutes for a booth, or get immediately seated at the sushi bar. For obvious reasons, we opted for the sushi bar.  The menu is pretty extensive. There's a large number of rolls, bento boxes (with gyoza as an option!), udon, and the other typical types of items you'd fine at a Japanese restaurant.  I ended up ordering the bento, and I was really happy with my choice. My dad got the OMG roll (I believe that's what it called), and it was really good. My mom also went with a bento. We also had a complimentary crunchy spicy crab salad, which tasted interesting (in a good way!).   We were all incredibly happy with the restaurant choice. While this place is a bit far from home, it was enjoyable getting to try a new sushi restaurant. Plus, it's open Sunday for lunch, which is always a plus in my book.  

                A little on the pricier side and they did take a little longer while I was here for lunch with a coworker but I'm pretty sure that more to do with the fact that there was a lunch rush than the workers being slow. The place has a modern feel and you can easily see the sushi chefs making your rolls. They give you complementary crab salad which was really good and a refreshing change from the normal miso soup that other sushi places give. I'll probably come here more often since it's closer than Satomi but I still slightly prefer that since it's a little cheaper and that's a bit more appealing to my bank account.  

                Came here for lunch on a weekday at around 11:45am and there was no wait. We were greeted and guided to our seats immediately. We were handed out menus and the waitress asked us what type of drinks we wanted. She came back quickly with a complimentary crab salad with tempura pieces and our drinks. We also got a free appetizer with a Yelp check-in. We had the choice of regular edamame, spicy garlic edamame and something else. We chose the regular edamame and it was actually a pretty big portion.  We ordered the Unlimited K.O. roll, Fremont Flower roll, and a simple tuna roll (Tekka Maki). It was actually pretty filling for the two of us.The fish for the rolls were very tasty and you can definitely tell that it's fresh. My favorite was the Fremont Flower roll. I honestly got it because it looked pretty and it was in a flower shape. The fish was very fresh though and the fish on the outside (tuna) and the inside (salmon) definitely compliments each other. It was really simple yet very delicious. The Unlimited K.O. roll had crab and spicy tuna, which were very good. There were more sauce in this roll compared to the other ones. I am not really the type who likes the rolls very sauce-y. I like my rolls plain and simple. But the Unlimited K.O. roll was delicious though! You don't necessarily have to use any soy sauce and you can definitely taste both the tuna and the crab individually. Both complimented each other along with the special sauces they added into the roll. The Tekka Maki was very simple and you can tell the tuna was very fresh.   Overall, all the rolls were very delicious and I was definitely satisfied with the food. The service was good, too. Our waitress came by every now and then to check on us and to see how we were doing. They staff was very nice and polite. Our food came pretty quickly, too. It is kind of pricey, but you do get some fresh rolls by paying a little more than usual. I had a great experience here overall and I would definitely come back again.  

                The wait during popular mealtimes is definitely a downer (especially if you're hungry!), but the food here is great and the service has been exceptional every time I've come.  I've brought sushi-lovers who are picky as well as a non-sushi-eater, and both have walked out of dinner from Aniki's satisfied and happy.  As for me (I eat all food without discrimination), my best experience was my most recent.  I let my server know what types of fish and toppings I enjoyed with my rolls and asked for a recommendation, and he instantly gave me two or three choices that fit my criteria.  His top recommendation was spot-on, and as always, the fish here is fresh and excellent every time I have come.  In addition to the wait time, another down-side are the prices.  They are pricey for the quality, though not unreasonable.  

                The co owner politely contacted me after my review and I got to try this place out again! I was very pleased with his sincere apology and I got love for this place :) The food is great and service is too!   Although minus 1 star because I ordered the Sophia Mango Mac Roll and they left out the mango, macadamia nut, and honey on the outside (I only got a slice of lemon) but since it was complementary I can't be complaining!!!  I'll be back, thank you to Abdul for reaching out to me! Anikis is worth trying out :)  

                3 stars on ambiance, 4 stars on sashimi/sushi.  I had a business meeting here and as soon as I walked in I thought it was like any other ordinary sushi restaurant. Very casual, laid back ambiance.  It caught be by surprise first with its price. It's not the least expensive sushi/sashimi. I thought they were overpriced at first but when I tasted their sashimi I can justify the cost. They were very fresh and portions were bigger than most. It was absolutely delicious!   Defnitely a plesant surprise.  

                We accidentally found this restaurant when our kids were starving! We've been to Sprouts millions of times and never noticed Aniki's! What a shame!!!!   We got there at 5:30 pm and it was crowded already! We only waited 15 minutes before being seated. We were served a complimentary spicy salad (imitation crab with greens and a homemade dressing). We ordered three rolls: spicy tuna, Spiderman, and Salmon Lovers; a side of edadame (a HUGE bowl for a side order! Love it!!); and a bento box (tempura with tonkatsu). The food was really good and the sashimi was fresh! The presentation of each roll was awesome - fresh orchids and banana leaves. =)   I was very impressed with the bus boys! Haha, they're like ninjas - they quickly sneak up to the table and clear your dirty dishes without you even knowing it. Super efficient!   I would highly recommend this restaurant and it was filled with families so definitely kid-friendly! =)  

                I've been here several times now and every time I go there's a wait. Means it's good right?    Never had a chance to sit at the sushi bar.  There's a sushi bar right?  I'm not so sure anymore even thought I've been here a lot of times.  The rolls are good, appetizers are good, and the service is good.  But nothing pops out here and makes it memorable for me.  It's a good central spot for everyone to meet for quick dinner.  

                Rolls are hella pricey we had like 20 rolls, and about 8 ppl each person paid $40 Convenient parking  Close by Baskin Robbins for dessert Great customer service  Rolls were just decent nothing to rave about tho.  

                Aniki's isn't your typical Japanese restaurant. It looks very upscale here. The presentation of all of their dishes is so amazing.   I've been here a couple times and enjoyed it every time. The fish is fresh and the other dishes are very tasty. They have a big selection of different rolls. The sake don isn't on the menu but they do offer it, and that's what I opted for most recently. The price is higher than other places. You're paying for quality and the presentation.   The only thing that did turn me off was their soy sauce. I always use low sodium because I don't like how salty the regular one is. For some odd reason their low sodium tastes just like regular soy sauce and I didn't like it at all.  Tip: Check in for a free appetizer. Choices are 2 different kinds of edamame, seaweed salad, or japanese nachos  Last time I got the seaweed salad and it was pretty good size. This most recent visit, I got the Japanese Nachos. It only comes with 2 so only choose this option if it's for yourself only or for you and another person. It was really good.  

                Really should be more like 2.5 because we waited close to an hour and the girls at the front were absolutely scattered and unapologetic, but in fairness, we did roll up there at 7:30 on a Friday without reservations.   Once we were (finally) seated, everything progressed relatively quickly. We ordered:  - Japanese nachos (tempura-fried shisho leaf w/ spicy tuna, spicy mayo and avocado): delicious, perfect amount of spice, would have liked it if they had maybe 4 on a plate. You get two.  - Crunchy Wyatt Roll (unagi, spicy crab, "special sauce", crunch): sweet and spicy.   - Fremont Flowers Roll (salmon, avocado, tuna): this was my favorite. It really showcased how fresh their fish is.  - Sophia Mango Mac Roll (smoked salmon, cream cheese, macadamia nuts, honey, mango): I generally like all of those things but together they were a bit much.  Honestly, felt the rolls were a bit overpriced - good but not terribly unique. That being said, these rolls for the location and the price were at least tasty and fresh.   Sweet tooths, peep game: they have Aki's guava cake on their dessert menu! I double checked with the manager because I only know one other place that's known for it and indeed, they get the cakes fresh from Aki's in SJ! He also gave me a good tip about a bakery in Cupertino that makes a mean Burnt Almond cake, comparable to Peter's. I love talking about food with actual industry people because they have the best recommendations.  So, I would say go when it's not crowded and you'll like it... and save room for dessert.  

                The service was good and the staff was friendly. The decor and interior was beautiful and modern. The menu was extensive. BUT...the reason for the two stars is the food:  The shrimp tempura is an item that most sushi restaurant has, but this place really bombed it. It was soggy, oily, and tasted bad. Everything fried is suppose to taste good, right? NOT this one.   The raw fish was not fresh. I was so disappointed in the quality because this place had such good reviews. When a restaurant doesn't have good sashimi, my throat gets this itchy feeling afterwards and that was what happened when I ate their salmon, tuna, yellow tail, and mackerel. I felt really sick afterwards.  You know when avocados aren't fresh? It like brown? Well our avocado rolls were really brown. LOL.   Not going to come back. Waste of money. Disgusting food.  

                Solid fusion rolls: *not too much rice *good rice *high quality fish  Great bento boxes.  Skip the gyoza, I don't like the super crunchy oily fried skins.  My favorite in the Tricity currently.  Try the Silva roll, so clean!  

                I came here Tuesday around 530 in the evening. Luckily there was no wait and we got seated at a booth right away.   We ordered a few drinks, and as well as some Japanese nachos (for free thanks to the yelp check in) and gyoza, sashimi deluxe, and the Kirby roll.   They served us their complimentary app (tempura crunchier with imitation crab, cucumbers, and some house sauce). Surprisingly the food came very quickly. And we were more than pleased!   The Japanese nachos were something different, very tasty (especially better bc it was free haha). The Kirby roll was super delish. I especially enjoyed the garlicky fried abundance of langostinos that accompanied the roll in the center of the plate and the yummy seared taste of the salmon that topped the roll. The sashimi deluxe was excellent. Huge juicy pieces, I love sashimi. Only thing that disappointed me was that I requested butterfish in our sashimi deluxe and it tasted a bit too watery (-1 star sorry guys!)   After our meal, we wanted to drink a little more and our server Sarah was kind enough to give us samples of 3 sakes and we were very pleased with all the workers service. Everyone was very nice, well mannered, and very helpful.   Loved it! We'll surely be back.  

                4 star reviews do not come easy from me, but this place has EARNED IT. I would give 4.5 right now if I could. After one more visit with the same service and food , Aniki's will earn the coveted almost unheard of 5 star rating from me. I have been to Aniki's twice so far and food and service have been great.   Make sure to check in on yelp to choose one of the appetizers for free. They give you 3 free options, the spicy garlic edamame and the Japanese Nachos, and one other option that I can't remember. The Edamame was good, but the Nachos are super delish. This is one of those places that is kind enough to remind  you to check in so you can take advantage of a free appetizer. Who doesn't like $FREE.99 ?!? I know sometimes I bust out my free check in deals and the expression on the servers faces are like it's coming out of their paychecks or something. This is not one of those places!  We also came in at the tail end of the lunch service, around 15 minutes before closing and we did not feel rushed, and were still waited and served with patience. This too is hard to come by.  Adrian Spice Roll. This is a masterpiece of a roll. This is the first roll that I have eaten that  just had everything in one single bite to make magic in my mouth. The pictures below give you a peek of what you will be eating, but wait until you try this yourself. You will thank me!  Aniki's I will be back this time with my BF. Shows us what you've got!  

                First and foremost, our waitress, Sarah, was THE BEST. But we'll get to that in a second.   We ordered the Sashimi Deluxe and some rolls on the side. This place, hands down has THE BEST Sashimi portion bang for your buck. They are THICK and HUGE and it's totally worth it. The rolls are good as well, but I probably won't even bother the next time around. The sashimi is CLEARLY the star of the menu.   Now, Sarah. I can't even. She was always so nice and really attentive at all the right times - no coming up when there was food in our mouths! She was great with answering our questions about the sake - we know NOTHING about sake. Her knowledge about each was extensive and made for a great experience. We were able to pair our meal with the sake perfectly thanks to her. Not only did we purchase a carafe of sake, but enjoyed our time there so much we ordered more rolls just to stick around.   Next time we're there, hopefully she will be too and we promise to get a full bottle of the "Unicorn" sake! :D Thank you Sarah! :)  

                You can't find a better quality of Sushi in Fremont or much of the bay area then Aniki's. The quality of the fish and sashimi cuts were A+, they even hand crafted a rose from fish cuts - what?!!?  Service was on point the entire time and we had a great time with the Sake bombs. I'm used to LA pricing so when I looked at the menu I was shocked at the affordable pricing, when I received my food I was impressed with the quantity and quality.   Thanks Aniki's!! I'll be back hungry for more - a MUST TRY!  

                I can't believe an ex-coworker who doesn't even eat sushi or sashimi introduced me to this place.  He has a new job nearby Aniki's, so I drove all the way over there to meet up with him.  The fish was surprisingly fresh!  I was so jazzed I made hubby come out here a couple more times with me -- once for lunch and once for dinner.  If Aniki's was closer, it would easily replace our local standby.  Buttery salmon, rich yellowtail, decent ikura -- all with not only that fresh, clean taste of good quality fish, but also the perfect texture.  Agree with Cynthia C., the gyoza was a bit oily, and with Thuy T., the udon is mediocre.  Come for the fish!  

                I seriously don't understand how other sushi restaurants have the same rating as Aniki. Aniki is BY FAR the best sushi I have had in the Bay Area. I have been from Santa Rosa to South San Jose to Livermore and everywhere in between and nowhere can hold a flame to Aniki. I just moved to San Jose and still drive 30mins to Aniki over the 20 or so locations right by my house. There is just no comparison. BEST SUSHI EVER!  

                Great experience here for my first visit. The ambiance was nice compared to your average sushi restaurant. Got the free check in appetizer and didn't know there were different options. My girlfriend and I chose the spicy garlic edamame (which came in a huge portion!) It was great! The bento boxes are good. My Lion King was a bit underwhelming though. It was super tiny compared to other lion king rolls I've had, but still good.  

                I love this place. Been here 7-8 times I'd say, and they've disappointed once with a sushi roll I'd previously loved and once with the pork short ribs which were awful. But otherwise, great service, fresh fish and yummy sushi!  

                I arrived nearly an hour after they opened and was promptly seated at the bar and tended to by Charles, who was an incredible waiter. He was quick to take my order and to ask me whether or not I was ready for another round when he'd see an empty plate. He also cleared up some confusion about the "free appetizer with check in", which only applies to one of four items on the menu. I ordered the jalapeño bomb appetizer and four pieces of the hamachi nigiri. They were extremely generous with the portions of fish on the nigiri. It was some of the best hamachi I've had, and I'm quite particular about my hamachi.  

                We just finished an amazing dinner from here! We showed up right at 5, unfortunately there was issues in their kitchen and they had to open a few minutes late. That didn't stop us from waiting for what we knew was amazing-ness ahead!  First off we had the little complimentary appetizer they offer. It was alright, wasn't amazing. Next we ordered a free appetizer for checking in on yelp. We ordered the Japanese Nachos since so many on here raved- and for good reason! We each ordered two rolls to share- -Spicy Tuna -Philadelphia  - Sin City -Rick Rock  -- they were all fantastic and fresh! The specialty rolls are a little more on the pricy side, but the regular rolls were fairly priced. Since we came to celebrate my hubby's bday they gave us a complimentary piece of cake! It was huge!! We will definitely be returning here for another date in the future!  

                My second fav sushi place! The fish are always super fresh here and all the sushi rolls are nicely decorated. I love everything about this place except for the longgggg waits :( the restaurant is pretty small so it gets very packed during dinner time, try coming early to avoid the waiting.  

                I loved Aniki's so much that I am dedicating my first 2014 review to their service and food! Thank you to my wonderful fellow Elite friends for taking me :3 There is no doubt in my mind that this would be my go-to- sushi restaurant if I lived in the Bay Area.   Great menu selection that offers more Japanese options other than sushi.  Complimentary Appetizer -- Consisted of crab, tempura flakes, and cucumbers with spicy mayo. Very simple but omg so good!  CHECK-IN via Yelp to receive a FREE appetizer every time :) We initially ordered the seaweed salad but our waitress brought out the Japanese Nachos. She kindly apologized and gave it to us on the house, needless to say this was our second choice and it was delicious! Seaweed salad was very fresh and plump :p  Hamachi Kama -- We almost always order this if we are really hungry. The kama at Aniki's is by far the hugest I have ever eaten O.O It was 2x the normal size and full of meaty chunks!  Uni -- HUGEEEEEE slices OMG O.O Probably the best uni I've had or at least pretty darn close. Great flavor and the portion was so big I couldn't fit it in my mouth (that's what she said..)  Amaebi -- Similar to the Uni, ginormous portion and best I've ever had. Beautifully presented and tasted just as good as it looked O.O  SAVS Roll -- SPICYYY roll that had a little bit of everything. Definitely good but too spicy for me :( We sampled our friends' rolls too and everything came out hot and really good.  You get what you pay for, prices were average of any sushi restaurant, if not a little more but they don't mess around with portions or quality. Parking lot available :) Only minor downside is that they don't accept reservations :(  

                It was my first time here on a busy Friday night around 6:30pm. I requested a table for two and they said it would be an aprox 30-45min wait since there were multiple parties before me. Since I've heard great reviews from this place, I decided to just wait it out and my friend was still on her way anyways. Turns out, 10 minutes later they called my name and after telling them my friend was not there yet, they still allowed me to wait at our seats (bar) to wait for her. The staff was very nice and welcoming. Our service was incredible and the food was also great.   We ordered several specialty rolls, one of them being the OMG roll. If you're looking to get your belly filled with one roll, this is it. It's stacked with the fried bits. I didn't like it as much as our other rolls, simply because the other rolls contained more textures and flavor, but I agree that the appearance of the OMG roll was impressive.   Great place to have sushi in Fremont with great service. Also, after we left, I posted a photo on IG and the Aniki's PR left a comment on my photo saying thank you and to make sure to tell the staff it was my friends birthday. Sadly, we left already, but there's a tip! Thanks Aniki's, I'll be back!  

                Pricy..but DEF worth what you pay for. Hands down the best sushi. I'll go to other spots closer to me but this is #1 on my list without a doubt!!  

                My sister was craving sushi and I was craving a katsu plate. There was one place where we wanted try, and that place was Aniki Sushi.  Accompanied by my bro in law and my infant niece, we all decided to have dinner together. When we arrived at the restaurant, it was pretty packed for a Thursday night.  Upon our arrival, we were seated within a couple minutes from walking through the door. I noticed before checking in, there was a check in offer of a free appetizer. For the free appetizer we got the Japanese Nachos. The nacho was composed of spicy tuna, avocado, topped with a special sauce and layer on a tempura seaweed. For a free appetizer, this was not bad at all.  For my main course I decided to go with the beef katsu, which also came with a side of katsu dipping sauce, white rice, miso soup. I'm a big fan of katsu, but after trying beef katsu for the first time, I wasn't a fan of beef katsu. The beef tasted dry and possibly dried out from being doused with panko bread crumbs and deep fried. The dipping sauce didn't help with making the katsu any better. The rice and soup were okay and edible.  The service was great, but unfortunately I was disappointed with the beef katsu. I should have listened to my bro in law and stuck to what Aniki was known for. Their sushi. Next time I'll just do that.  

                Came here with some girlfriends based on reviews and a friends recommendation. It's within a huge plaza, and luckily we came for an early dinner on Sunday of a holiday weekend as this place is small and was filling up fast.  Everyone receives a small cucumber salad with fried flakes, pretty tasty. Be sure to check in for a free appetizer. The tuna nachos sounded good but you get 2 pieces and we had a party of 4 so we went for the spicy garlic edamame. They give you a good amount and it has a lot of flavor.   Rolls are priced like other restaurants, around $12-$15 for the speciality rolls. I wasn't in the mood for sushi since I had it the day before, so I went for the chicken katsu which comes with rice, soup and salad for about $13. I also ordered a sake because how can I resist?  Everyone's orders came out at separate times and the rolls looked amazing, including the one that came out on fire! Rolls were tasty and then my chicken katsu came out and there was a TON! 2 large pieces with a ton of rice. Perfectly fried and delicious but I couldn't finish it all.   They brought a huge tempura green tea ice cream for my friend as we were celebrating an early birthday for my friend. Service was excellent and I was surprised to see my sake was only 99 cents! I didn't know they would have HH prices on the weekend. I totally would've ordered more if I knew!   I did feel a bit rushed as there were a good number of people waiting for a table as they would clear our table as soon as there was an empty plate.  All in all, a great dining experience!  

                I come here more than other sushi places because it's pretty good but today wasn't as great as before. My boyfriend and I were seated quite promptly but it took about 10 minutes before we are asked for our drinks or for the cucumber crab salads to be brought. The wait doesn't normally bother me but another couple seated minutes after us were served immediately, so I didn't think that was very nice.   The food was delicious as always. This was my first time ordering an appetizer because when I checked in I was eligible for a free one. Unfortunately I didn't get it for free because the coupon was limited to specific appetizers. I had no idea and the fine print didn't mention that is was limited. That would have been nice to know. My server was nice and she was apologetic about the mix up with the coupon so that was comforting.   I'll continue to go to Aniki's because it's fantastic food but perhaps they should be a little new organized when it comes to who arrived first and a more clear on their offers.  

                I came here with my family one night for a late dinner. The first thing you notice is the really upscale decor; a look at the menu and you will see the prices to match. Based on a few reviews here, it seems like it might not be an authentic sushi place, but rather a joint owned by non-Japanese people doing Americanized-fusion.   If you check in on Yelp, you get your choice of 5 appetizers (mostly different flavors of Edamame) so we opted for the seaweed salad. Shortly after, we ordered our rolls...Simba, OMG, Kruzer Mob, Aniki. A tasty but small crab salad is complimentary when you eat there loaded with shredded crab meat, diced cucumbers, and tempura breading.   Quite frankly, I didn't like the rolls all too much. I felt like most of them lacked complexity and were quite bland. Ranking from worst to best...the OMG roll that they "highly recommended" was a very basic roll with some deep fried fish layered on top. Simba roll is a standard deep fried tempura roll. Kruzer Mob is made up of a lot of things and was pretty good. Aniki's roll is the best; I really loved how they seared the tuna on top. Parts of it was very slightly burnt which added a unique taste to it.   Upside to this place is that there were a lot of employees working here. I think we got our first roll 5 minutes ordering.  Customer services was above average, but I doubt I'll be coming back here anytime soon; it just wasn't worth it.  

                One of, if not, the best sushi I've ever had. Big sized portions as well. We had the omg sushi, crunchy Wyatt and ultimate roll. They are all superb! They also give complimentary crab salad, free appetizer if you check in at yelp and free mochi for bday celebrants. Japanese nachos was different and good too  

                I was on my way to eat pizza and I turned around from Berkeley to have anikis sushi.  I always have a great experience. The garlic edame is so delicious.  

                Found this gem a year ago and this is my 20th+ visit. Thick cuts of fresh sashimi.  Clean, great ambiance and service.  My go-to order on a weekend is the sushi and sashimi deluxe ($40), and the regular size or chirashi (both $20) for weekday lunch.  As echoed by others, do expect a 30 min wait during peak hours.  

                Arrived early on a Saturday night (6:30) and we were seated right away. My friend ordered the OMG rolls and I ordered the shrimp rolls. They were delicious and beautifully arranged. At the end we had the strawberry and green tea mocha for desserts, they were a bit small but enjoyable.  Overall, I had a good dining experience and I'd recommend it to a small to medium group gatherings.  

                Walked up in the room with my swag on accompanied by my bestfriend. Now let me tell you now, this place is cracking on a Friday night. No worries though, we got seated in about 5 minutes. The menus were gorgeous. It may be a little over whelming as there is a huge selection with pictures of each sushi, but let me tell you, you cannot choose a wrong roll. Every roll is delicious! Ordered the simba, Fremont fire, a roll w the word Garlic. But anyways, we found a hair in the Fremont fire roll, and they just delivered the best customer service. Offered a different roll and took that roll, gave an extra drink, and took it off the bill. The server was amazingly nice and the music was great. I love the feel of the restaurant. Will I come back here again? Of course I will despite the first time experience! Gooo Anikis!  

                The sushi was ok,  ive been to better restaurants. Plus who gives one shrimp tempura in a shrimp veggie mix?   I normally see a minimum of 2 at other places. If you are going in here save some money, use the free app check in. Also the spicy tuna did not taste fresh.   The service was ok, felt a little rushed though.  

                They have so many extravagant rolls to offer. I ordered the Jubilee Roll. SO GOOD. Inside: tempura asparagus, spicy tuna, cream cheese. Outside: unagi, avocado, tobiko, green onions, macadamia nuts. Roll was fresh and filling. The service there is awesome as well.   Complimentary tempura cucumber salad and if you check in on Yelp, free appetizer with $20 order. Excited to go back and try more of their rolls.  

                Right away I can tell that customer service is a priority, that's great!  Service was fantastic. Very modern feel .... great date place I'm sure.  Wide selection of rolls. My mother in law had the udon and said it was one of the best she's had! I was happy with the value (price/portion) of the rolls.  Why not 4 stars? Rarely do I think a place is worth 4 stars on a single visit since consistency is very important to me. I would have given them 4 stars, but my wife wasn't happy with her salmon nigiri. She orders it at every sushi place we visit. Fresh, high quality, correctly cut salmon should melt like butter! She had a piece that did not melt like butter.  We will try again ...... I feel the potential for a solid 4 stars is there  

                I've heard nothing but good things about Aniki's and finally decided to try it out on a Wednesday night no less.  The plaza was packed but eventually found parking a few shops away.    As I walked in, I quickly got the feeling..."Toto, I don't think we're in Fremont anymore."  Okay just kidding, not that drastic.  But it was unlike most restaurants in Fremont, there was about a 20 minute wait...on a weekday...in Fremont!  Let that sink in for a little bit... =)  After you're seated, you get a complimentary tempura crab salad, and check in with Yelp and you get to choose 1 free appetizer (they give you 4 choices to select from) !  And that's all before you even order your sushi rolls, which I might add, is quite extensive and if you're visual friendly like me, appreciate.    Tempura Crab Salad:  Yummy way to start the meal.  Yes, it's fake crab meat drizzled on with tempura flakes but with some type of spicy sauce that I couldn't quite pinpoint...either way it was good.  Garlic Edamame (Yelp check in):  You'll like the kick to it if you're a fan of spicy food!!  Sea steak:  Thinly cut tuna slices with a jalepeno and green onion on top with their special sauce.  Looked delicious from their menu, but looked better on the picture than it actually tasted.    Fremont 5-0 Roll:  Out of all the rolls on their menu, I just couldn't help but try this one out.  Deep fried red snapper with salmon and crab!  How could I resist?  Delicious and on point.  Flower Roll:  If you want a simple roll, this one is it.  Salmon on the inside, tuna wrapped on the outside.  If you like your sushi simple, this is the roll for you!  The rolls are about $2-3 more than your average sushi bar (ranges from $13-18), so be careful, they add up!!  

                I think it's time to finally give my review for this place! I have been lagging since there are so many to try before I give my review.  A well deserved 5 stars because of their excellent service, sushi fresh quality and one of my most favorite sushi places to eat at in the bay area! I have been here at least, seven times and all waiters are very friendly and quick to give you great service! There are always many famous athletes going here so have your camera's ready!  I have tried so many sushi rolls items on their menu and off menu, and its really hard to just pick one that I like the best. It depends on your taste buds...if you like spicy, I would get the Ultimate Thomas' Roll that has habanero peppers. Don't let the peppers touch your lips! If you do not like spicy and want something refreshing, get the Sooki's So So Fresh Roll. If you don't like raw fish, there is always Lion King or Raiders Roll. If you like authentic japanese or off the menu sushi, try Ankimo (monk fish liver) or Lotus. They are all sooo good!  The prices are $$, a little more than your average but tastes like a 4-5 star restaurant. I recommend anyone in the area to try this place!  

                This place DEFINITELY lives up to the hype. Been meaning to try this place for the longest time and finally took the plunge last week.  Decor - Modern, clean, simple, trendy. Bathrooms are even fancy too! Service - I feel they went above and beyond. Carlos, the restaurant manager, introduced himself, made conversation, made personal recommendations, and also saw me check in on yelp and offered us a FREE appetizer. Had about 3 different people check up on us the whole time...and it wasn't the nagging or annoying kind either. They also noticed it was my daughter's birthday so they gave us a big plate of green tea ice cream on the house!  1. Regular assorted sashimi - OH EM GEEEE! Haven't had good cuts of sashimi like this in a while. So marbly, buttery, soft, delicate, etc etc etc big slices as well! 2. SAVS roll - Named after a friend's clothing company based out of San Leandro, had to give it a try. Had a little bit of everything in it, and honestly, I could've just ordered that and been FULL! 3. I don't even remember what it was called, but it was recommended as the most ordered item for pregnant women... since my wife is pregnant.  Between the two and a half of us, we had a ton of left overs, had a full and happy belly, and the service and food we received went above and beyond. Yes, it was a little more expensive, but it shows in the quality of service and food.  

                Tried out Aniki's Sushi a few weeks ago.  Not impressed.  It's next to Baskin Robbin's/Sprouts on Mowry Ave.  FREE tempura salad in tiny dish.  I didn't eat much of the crispy stuff, kinda blah.  I got:  Eel roll $7.95 for 6 pcs - tasted ok  spicy hand roll $6.95 - inside was ok, seaweed was tough & hard to break & chew.    spicy scallop hand roll $6.95 - same problem  hamachi nigiri $5.50 for 2 pcs - was ok tasting.  lots of fish & not enough rice.  total before tip $29.82.  

                I really like the place because of the quality of the food and the service.  -The Food I came here because my brother really wanted me to try it out. He even gave me money to pay for it. Awesome! Nothing better than free food. My lovely girlfriend and I ordered four items during our visit.   Japanese Nacho's (Free with Yelp Check-in) Uni Nigiri InstaGram Roll SF Giants Roll  The Japanese Nacho's in my opinion were the shizz-nitz.It was not anything I was expecting. It was Spicy Tuna on some fried leaves drizzled with some sauce. It was amazing. I could eat an entire bowl of that.  The Uni Nigiri was very nice. It took me a few tries to get used to the taste of Uni but boy, once I started liking it, I couldn't get enough of it. A must try.  The InstaGram Roll. It was a nicely made roll but what turned me off was the macadamia nuts. It would've been nice to have it sprinkled on but with my roll, it was kind of everywhere. It kind of overwhelmed the taste of everything else on the roll. The fish tasted great though. The rolls come smaller than what I'm used to so be prepared to order more than you think.  The SF Giants Roll was my favorite here. I think they are on point with their spicy tuna, my goodness. It is so good here. I'd recommend this roll.  -The Service The workers here are super friendly and attentive. I don't think I ever went 5 minutes without seeing a worker come to check up on me, take away empty plates, or fill my water. It was awesome.  The reason for the 3 stars is because of the overall taste. I really like it here but I honestly don't think I'd take the drive to come back here. I'd recommend it to others who are in the area who are looking for some good food but I want food that would draw me back wherever I'm at.   3 Stars.  

                I would rate this restaurant four and half stars but no such stars so giving four stars. Everything is awesome although it is pricey. Quality of the food, conversation with the chef, and the service was amazing. The reason why I deducted a half star is that the host could have been  nicer and more attentive. The complimentary crab salad was a great way to start and every piece of sushi I had was flavorful and delicious. Carlos was also very attentive, well he is always attentive, so nothing really new here.  

                I love this place. The servers here are super sweet. The food is amazing. I love the energy with my kind of music in the background! :)   I ordered the OMG roll & it was very good. Even their raspberry iced tea was good.   I will def come back again!!!!!  

                Been here 2 times now. If you like sashimi, it's fresh and prices are good. The chirashi is a great deal here compared to other places. It seems pretty clean and it's close to where I live. I would say it's top 3 sushi place in Fremont.  

                Love love love this place!  Great food & music!  I will be making this place my new favorite!  

                Known for the rolls!  

                Let's start with the bad news before we move onto the goods.   Bad:   Customer service. Came here today for dinner and let me start by saying that I do understand that it was mother's day so the staff probably had a long & hectic day. However, there is never a legit excuse for someone in the customer service profession to be rude & inattentive to their customers.   We were seated at the bars & our waitress was the girl with a white flower clip on her hair. We were starving and were overly excited  because the sashimi looked delicious through the screen window.   The waitress took our order, and never came back to check up on us afterwards. Funny because she was chopping it up with the couples next to us, too. I wanted jalapeño slices, ginger & wasabi & after 15 mins of trying to track her down, I had to ask another waitress. Another 10 mins rolled by, while waiting for the necessity to eat, she was nowhere in sight & the same waitress whom I asked for the sides from, rolled her eyes when she annoyingly asks " ...so she never came to gave them to u?" . That would be a no..sorry for disturbing you & making you do extra work.  In the middle of our meal, I decided to check-in so I can remember to write a good review later ... & didn't know that they offers a free appetizer when u check in!  Ofcourse I would opt for one :)   Again, after trying to track down my now seems like non-existing waitress, we caught her out of the blue near the end of our meal & i asked her if I can redeem my offer. Not to my surprised, she  looked at our half eaten plates and back at me and fast & rudely blurt out the selection of appetizers for the check-in. When I asked her if she can repeat it again, she gave a short huff & repeat herself with no enthusiasm whatsoever. Idk about anyone else, but i thought that was freaken rude.   I have never had such horrible service in a sushi restaurant before. One of the reasons why i love japanese food is because of the wonderful services that the staff provides. I am not a rude & ungrateful person so I try to not let things get to me esp if someone is having a tough day but by the way she treated us vs the others..she nearly ruined by appetite & my meal. It was up to the pt where i didn't mind saying out loud to my date, "she is NOT getting a good tip". I do feel bad for her coworkers, if they are splitting up their daily tips, but I don't think she deserves a full 20% from us (my typical tip) if she is giving us crappy services.   WOOOSHAAH.   Ok, onto the "goods".   We ordered:   1. Danny D roll: I was never a fan of fried rolls & never will be, Im more of a sashimi kind of girl so the boy ordered it & after 1 bite I didn't bother eating another one.   2. Aniki's special roll w/ no onions: It was really good! I actually had lower expectation for this roll and got it since the boy doesn't like his sushi raw (i'm a girl thats all about compromising ..only because i can never finish my food ;) teeehee ). I loved the torch burnt on the sashimi topping. Theres something about "bbq" smokey tasting that comforts my tongue & tastebud. Would definitely get this again.  & if you're a spicy eater... get some japlapeno slices to go with it & you will thank me later!   3. BBQ Short ribs: a bite on the pricy side at $21 but these short ribs were better than most korean restaurants. If I ever crave for kbbq I will most likely come back here to fulfill my cravings!   4. Japanese nacho: consist of tempura fried leaf with spicy tuna, seaweed & cucumber. It was definitely something interesting & the boy really enjoyed it.   Overall, for the convenience and food, I would have loved to have this place on my "to-eats" list but after the horrible service from today, Im not sure if it is worth coming back since there are so many other delicious sushi-restaurants in Fremont.  

                Free Appetizer with Yelp check in!?!?! Score!!! I was able to try their Japanese Nachos, which, I believe is tuna with some sauce on top of a fried shiso leaf. It was super tasty, and I wanted more! Their sashimi is supposed to be grade AAA, which I've never heard of before, but cool, so I figured I should try their chirashi bowl to see the quality of their raw fish. All of the sashimi was tender, and was good. Anyway, it's better than a majority of the sushi places I've been to.  Good service, good food, and great company.  

                After seeing the long line in front of Aniki's last week when we ate next door at Gater's Kabob Hut, we knew we needed to give this place a shot. There's usually sufficient parking in front of the grocery store nearby. We waited in line for about 30 mins on a Friday night. After being seated, we ordered the following:  - Crunchy Crab Salad (Free Appetizer) - Jake's Salmon Lover Roll - In (Salmon, Avocado), Out (Salmon, Tobiko, Green Onion) - Sophia Mango Mac Roll - In (Smoked Salmon, Avocado, Cream Cheese), Out (Mango, Sliced Lemon, Macadamia Nut & Honey)  My take on the Crab Salad:  It was crunchy, but I couldn't detect any crab (or imitation crab for that matter). Kinda like Rice Krispies with some fry sauce. Pretty unremarkable, but a nice gesture.  My take on Jake's Salmon Lover Roll:  It was quite fresh and good, but they should've been more liberal with the amount of salmon in the roll, especially considering it's a pretty standard offering with nothing else to make it stand out. It was quite good though, I guess.  My take on Sophia's Mango Mac Roll:  This gets points for creativity, but in the end it just didn't really work out. The flavors didn't harmonize well together--the mango was too perfumey, firm, and not sweet enough, it contrasted poorly with the cream cheese, the amount of fish was so small that it was almost unnoticeable, and with the honey whatever sauce drizzled on top, it didn't feel right dipping it in soy sauce, and yet not dipping it felt worse. Add wasabi and you're really in murky territory. It was pretty interesting though and shows that they were thinking outside of the box.  All in all:   If they would've been more generous with the fish or perfected the flavor combinations, I'd probably give 4 stars, but as it stands, it was just a 3.5 star meal.  

