                Son of Rinky and I ate here recently and thoroughly enjoyed our breakfasts.  After our beloved Nibs closed we have felt lost about finding a "replacement." Although the food is very decent and satisfying, some may find in lacking in ambiance, location and un-upscale food quality.  We were happy to see that the menu contained a wide variety of choices including  many different omelets, pancakes, combos, grits, hash browns, potatoes, burritos, Korean dishes, sandwiches and more.  The ambiance is simple with ample room for diners and plenty of space between tables  (unlike 95% of most breakfast places where you feel like you are sitting in your neighbors' laps.   No decor to speak of; which I didn't mind.  I got a blueberry pancake and a side of hash browns. The pancake was large and fluffy; the hash browns were crispy on the outside and soft in the  inside.  I was very happy with them.  Son got a combo of two scrambled eggs, two pancakes and two chicken apple sausage.  He was very hungry and polished off his meal.  Thumbs up.  We were served gigantic glasses of ice water which we both managed to finish.  Our server was very sweet and checked back with us often.  We'll be back  

                What I ate: Bibimbop Visit date: January 4, 2015 First time? Yes.  I had been looking forward to bibimbop breakfast ever since I found this place on Yelp. The day finally came! Was it as expected? Well... The bibimbop was almost just right with tender meat, runny egg, nicely pickled veggies and steamed rice, until I got to the lettuce. Who puts lettuce in bibimbop?   The service was very slow, but you can see they were short staffed. The ambience is very much diner feeling. I wish they would make some upgrades though; it feels grimy. Also, they need to upgrade their menu. The bibimbop is listed under "oriental dishes." I felt weird pointing my fiancé to that section I the menu.   Overall I think I'm more excited about being able to order a savory rice dish in the AM and that's what would have me come back subsequent times. Otherwise, it's just your average bibimbop place...that serves omelettes and pancakes.  

                I would've given this place more stars if we had a chance to actually sit down and eat. I've eaten here before and food is decent, but today the restaurant was full of dishes everywhere! Not a single waitress or staff was busting the tables or countertop. Granted the phone is ringing and there's good to be served, but someone should be cleaning off the tables since (you would think) there would be more customers coming for the lunch rush.   We ended up leaving and going elsewhere to eat. But I hope Anna gets to read this review and hire another person on the weekend to help clean off the tables so the waitresses can help feed the hungry customers coming through those doors.  

                Yes, it takes them a while to get the food out. And yes, the spicy pork will unquestionably give you a stomachache. And YES, a Proactiv infomercial will be on TV until someone asks them to switch it to the game and then the whole place starts yelling like a sports bar.  But I'll be damned if they don't make a good breakfast.    I started buying all my dog and cat food at the Petvet Petfood down the street so I can have breakfast here beforehand.  The two servers are gracious and efficient and much sweeter than I was expecting walking in.  They keep the whole place running; refilling coffees, putting together to-go orders, drying silverware in the sporadic seconds they have between orders, and somehow managing to do it without scowling.  They know their regulars and they treat you like one even if you're not.    The kitchen (AKA two Korean ladies) gets pretty bogged down with a full house, but just relax, watch the game.  Or the Proactiv commercial.  The tables are filled by families enjoying their morning together, men reading the newspaper by themselves at the counter, the girl in the corner shoving spicy pork in her face like it's going out of style (me).  It's an eclectic bunch.  You'll fit right in.  

                When my husband asks me "Where do you want to eat?", my answer usually depends not so much on WHERE, but more on WHAT I want to eat.  This particular morning, I really wasn't in the mood for the usual breakfast items (i.e., pancakes, omelets, and the like)... I wanted real food (i.e., anything with rice).  Thus I was excited when I found Anna's Place in yelp because aside from the usual breakfast fare, they also offer Korean dishes.  I've been craving Korean food since yesterday so it was all perfect timing!  The pork bulgogi I ordered was perfectly spicy.  I thought the portion size was large enough for two people to share.  My husband loved his hot stone bi bim bap....not only was it hot temperature-wise, but it was also spicy hot.  Nothing like hot, spicy food on a cold rainy day.  Service was friendly and efficient.  Prices and wait time were reasonable.  My only regret is I was too full to order a side of banana pancakes.  Maybe next time.     Bottomline, where else can you find a restaurant that serves bulgogi and bibimbap for breakfast?  If only for that, Anna's Place deserves four stars!  

                We were there today for the first time. Nice place, clean, the food was really good. The pancake was big and fluffy, but the bottle of sirup was cold. I asked the young african American waitress to please warm it up. She took the bottle and never came back. I tried to catch her attention but she would flatly ignore my calls and signs. Fortunately, the other (Filipino?) waitress came and took over our table and everything was fine. The place is nice, but waitresses with an attitude can ruin a perfectly nice place with great food. We may be back in the future...hoping to be served by that nice Filipino waitress...only. PS: The coffee was incredibly good!  

                My hubby ordered breakfast to go and was told the wait would be about 25 min. When he got there, he waiting an additional 30 min. When he finally came home with the food, we grubbed, it was actually really good. We decided to give them a second chance and ate in their restaurant the next day.   Our party ordered 2 teriyaki scrambles, the spicy pork and eggs, and a sausage/bacon breakfast. Again, really good food, not worth the wait though. The place wasn't too busy either, there was an empty table or two. And our coffee and waters weren't refilled till about 30 min into waiting.   Eh don't think we'll be coming back or ordering to go again.  

                Good food nice customer service, I come here once for a while for dinner . I love this place  

                This is a good, dependable breakfast and lunch restaurant.  The menu includes American and Asian food.  The breakfasts are good and very reasonably priced.  The service is good.  Parking is plentiful.  My main complaint about this place is that is kind of dumpy.  It could most definitely use something to make it a happier place.  Maybe a new coat of paint.  

                I was in the area last week and decided to try this place out.  A friend and I walked in and were greeted by the sweet smell of fresh blueberry pancakes.  Little Asian ladies in the kitchen throw down here!!  Of course we had to try the blueberry pancakes.  We were not disappointed.  I'd eat here again!  Minus one star because the restrooms were outside of the building and around the corner.  

                Yikes, get me out of here!   I have tried this place a few times in the past and it was nothing worth writing about, but generally OK. We went again today and it's really gone downhill. The place was dingy and the floors outright filthy. Everywhere I looked, specially in the corners, gross, filthy. My shoe soles became sticky from walking in to this establishment (I can't call it a restaurant).  The waitress was really nice. She handed us some greasy menus that were falling apart. We ordered juice. However, while looking at the menu and at the filthy interior, I couldn't help myself and after a brief chat with my better half, we decided to leave.  There was no way I was going to spend any money in there. Enjoying a meal there would have been impossible. I suppose this means the patrons don't care. But I do.  We ended up going to Fat Apples, a reprieve oasis of pleasantry. And after Anna's nightmare experience, (almost) every other place in town looks already better.  

                We visited a friend in Richmond, who asked us if we wanted to go to a place that serves breakfast food AND Korean food. Um..... F*** YES? Is there any better combination that you could think of? Maybe if they threw in alcohol.... but alcohol from the night before is the reason we needed food like this.  We were a bit skeptical of the menu at first, not noticing ANY Korean people in the restaurant. When a real Korean lady came out to give my friend his bi bim bap, we figured it was legit. The menu consists of your standard breakfast fare.... omelets, "scrams," 2 x 2 x 2s, and lots of griddle classics. There is a separate section for just Korean food too. For a hungover morning, what more do you need?  Service was excellent, and every staff member was sweet and friendly. I loved my Anna's Omelet with bacon and crispy hash browns. And they offered us separate checks! Most servers at other restaurants give you that what-the-hell-did-you-just-ask-me-to-do look when you ask for more than one check, but not this place.  Nothing for any of us not to like here! 5 stars!  

                Poison risk and worse than no followup from staff to address the concern. There was a chemical that must have accidentally splashed into the pancake batter. When I tasted it, the bite I had tasted like Mr. Clean/ammonia and burned my mouth. It wasn't mixed into the batter, but in a piece that I tasted. It was not in anyway a food ingredient.   The service was off to begin with, rude, abrupt, flat, weird, but it got worse.  Our server was at the counter when we tried to get her attention from our table. After rolling her eyes, and then looking down again,  she said she was too busy to come over.  She said, while never looking up at us, that we had to go to her if we wanted something. This was dismissive. She acted as though she was being bothered, by a customer.  Risk of poisoning, and not bad customer service was the priority I needed to address. I went to the counter and informed her of the chemical that I tasted. She expressed no concern, she expressed annoyance by eye rolling and sighing and making us hand the plate to her.  This was rude. The server did not apologize for the experience.   When there is a legitimate health concern, rudeness goes beyond the pale. The health department was called and a complaint was filed to investigate.  After reading here for a long while,  I really wanted to like this place. But this experience was very bad.  

                Korean + breakfast food? Sounds like a plan to me. What could go wrong with this combo?  Apparently, not much at all. I decided to opt for just a traditional bowl of Bibimbop, while my friend ordered an actual breakfast with some spicy pork. My bibimbop was pretty standard fare. It's pretty hard to mess up a bowl of bibimbop, and Anna's Place definitely didn't mess anything up. All the veggies were nice and fresh, and the meat was pretty tasty. My friends breakfast dish looked amazing though. Eggs, hashbrowns, toast, and spicy korean pork? Oh man I wish I coulda traded him. He thought it was delicious, and after trying the pork myself, I thought the same.   Overall, I really wouldn't mind coming back here. Out of the two Korean breakfast places I know of now, Anna's and Spoon, Anna's is definitely the more Americanized out of the two, and it really is what you'd expect when you think "Korean-American breakfast".  

                Food was good & was delivered hot. There was not enough staff so getting another cup of coffee, or your check, or a glass of water was a mission impossible. I would try it again but during the week when, hopefully they're not that busy.  

                We were first time visitors.......and last time visitors.   OMG - we ordered our food, waited 30 minutes and no food.......   We didn't order anything complicated but we observed a lot of commotion. There was a table of two: one person got her food and the other didn't for a very very long time. There was a breakfast that was a wrong order and placed on the counter where they get the food; it just sat there and sat there; we couldn't figure out what they were going to do with the food; they should have tossed it because they wouldn't be able to re-serve the dish and they kept reaching over it grabbing for things.Then a guy walked in for his take-out that he called in; he waited forever and finally got his orders; as he left he bidded a woman "good luck" because she too was waiting for take-out orders.   Once we got to the 30 minutes.....I'm ready to leave and I told the waitress we were leaving because it was taking soooooo long. She asked if i wanted the food packed to go. REALLY....... why would I want to wait longer at this point.....Forget it......no thanks!  Won't be returning to this place. A word of advise if you want to try it: bring a snack to hold you over.  

                Best cheap breakfast in town. There's no fresh squeezed OJ, no Vermont maple syrup, and no hour long wait in a line of hipsters waiting for Sunday brunch. This isn't that kinda place.  This IS the kind of place where regulars like us come for a tasty, quick, and affordable breakfast.  ---------------------------------------------- Recommended dishes ----------------------------------------------  Scram Breakfasts: scrambled eggs mixed with: your choice of meat (my favorite is the spicy pork or the chicken apple sausage), mushrooms, bell pepper, onion, and spinach, with shredded cheddar and jack melting on top. Comes with a side of toast and home fries, hash browns, grits, or fresh fruit. Yum!   222 Breakfast: 2 eggs, 2 bacon or sausages, and 2 pancakes for $5 and change.  Bi-Bim-Bap: Yes really, breakfast and grubbin' Korean food coming out of the same kitchen. I don't know how they do it, but they do! Bi-Bim-Bap is not only fun to say, it's fun to eat. Assorted pickled and steamed veggies and super flavorful pork or chicken, topped with a perfectly fried egg, laying over a generous bowl of rice. Mix it all up, or eat each bite individually, it's all good.  ---------------------------------------------- Why we keep coming back: ---------------------------------------------- The food usually comes out ridiculously fast, like under 5 minutes from ordering to hot steaming breakfast in front of me. I'm repeatedly surprised and delighted when I've barely finished ordering and breakfast is already ready!  Also, the bill is always super reasonable. Breakfast for two with OJ and coffee is usually around $20 including tax and tip.   Speaking of coffee, their drip coffee is surprisingly excellent, and I love the thick old school coffee mugs. You could knock out a linebacker with one of these things. Also, they do a fine job of keeping my coffee hot.  ---------------------------------------------- Room for improvement: ---------------------------------------------- The waitresses are often over-committed or under-staffed, trying to keep up with too many tables at once. It often takes a few minutes to get menus and order, get coffee or water refilled, or to get the check.  Also, the TV is always on, the volume usually audible, and it's regularly on the infomercial channel. I have no idea why they do this, but I hate it. Please turn off the boob tube!  All said, I'm proud to be a regular at Anna's, and will keep coming back as long as they keep serving up consistently tasty and cheap breakfasts.  

                Wow, totally gobsmacked about the special omelette. Close your eyes and imagine the perfect omelette, now taste it at Anna's place  

                The restaurant was exactly what we were looking for. Mom and pop, close to home, VERY friendly service and good food! Unfortunately we couldn't stay and enjoy our meal, and had to take it to go. But most definitely will be back!  

                Still our favorite neighborhood friendly but now we think about when we go.  Prices have been raised a little a while back and the wait time increases due to the fact that they really could use a little help, especially with clearing the tables.  The two waitresses are always rushing around trying to keep up in the peak times.  We tend to visit theses days only when it is an off peak time -- early in the am before the rush or a late lunch now.  

                I hate the waitress. Not a racist but the black waitress that works there sometimes makes the whole restaurant a bad experience. The food is ok. If you dont have any better place to go and if you dont mind a rude waitress (or just make sure she doesnt work when you plan to go. She even said that to a client "if you dont like me, you can come on my days off") this might just be your place.  

                What a treat...we can finally have a good egg white omelet in good food starved El Cerrito.  Fat Apples is good but crowded and expensive.  And the veggie comes with tomatoes, zucchini, mushrooms, bell pepper, spinach, onions and cheese.  Their rye bread is delicious.  Home fries better than hash browwns.  Club sammy is huge, grilled cheese perfect and the bi bim boP is fantastic and filled with fresh veggies, meat of choice and two eggs.....the spicy sauce sneaks up on u...taste first! Our waitress is fabulous...she is always kind, friendly and smiling.  

                I haven't written a review in a couple years because I just got bored of it, but I'm finally going to write a quick and simple one because I've been coming to this place for years now and I love it. It has a laid back environment, the staff is super friendly and they have the BEST spicy pork sandwich in town. The prices are extremely affordable and the service is on point. They give you constant refills on coffee and water.   If you've had too many drinks the night before, their menu has tons of hangover cure foods to relieve you of the impure toxic feeling from the previous evening of debacle. Give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.  

                I was there on a Saturday around noon. I found the experience at Anna's uninspiring.  After waiting for a table for a while we ordered and then waited more than 30 minutes for the food (chicken sandwich, veggie burger ...) The waitress was clumsy and unfriendly. After seeing all the great reviews I am sure we made the wrong menu choices.  We will not be back.  

                Weird combo. But kinda works. I just wish the bimbimbap could be with crispy rice instead. Dolsot for life!  

                Food is good but the wait is pretty long. Came here on a Sunday and we came an hour before closing. I'm all support of mom and pop joints that's why I give it a 3 star rating. But overall it's just the wait that sucks due to the fact they are short staff. Breakfast food is pretty good.  

                Nothing to write home about, really.  The 3 eggs scrambled with peppers, onion, and chicken apple sausage was par for the course as was the buttered sourdough toast.   I wish I had ordered the potatoes instead of the grits as they were pretty bland; but I guess that's because I was spoilt by the previous two places where I have ever had grit as it was seasoned and simply delicious. I reckon grits are like rice --- they could either be simple and bland on it's own, or seasoned and made really delicious that stands on it's own.  I keep hearing about the Korean food here but it was too early to try the "bi bim bap," so, maybe next time.  

                Been going to Annas for a few years. Stopped going about a year ago due to having no time and while the funky Korean bimbambop and other items were good, the menu started to become a little boring. So, this morning we were in Berkeley for business and stopped by Bette's Oceanview Diner. Aggghh. Huge line. As usual, even on a Wednesday morning. Foodies, hipsters, yuppies, techsters, the usual Berkeley 4th Street crowd. No thanks. Creative food, but we did not feel like waiting 45 minutes,  while listening to insufferable pretentious dialog, while wedged in between competing groups of starving people. We decided to head home to the EC hills but remembered we were hungry. Decided to head to our old "standby", Annas. Walked in right away. No harried crowd of type AAA personalities here. Local chillaxed folks. Our waitress was familiar, sweet and friendly. The decor remains the same. With menu in hand I looked at it, expecting the usual good, but ho-hum menu. It has been tweeked for the better! A little more expansive without it being overwhelming. Prices were amazing. I ordered a veggie scram, potatoes with a side order of turkey sausage. Very well prepared and seasoned. Huge quantity but not gluttony level. The veggies were fresh and the esthetic and the amount of oil used demonstrated that the chef knew what he was doing. The nice thing is, some of the Korean influence remains with some of the other menu items, which is an excellent thing. As we waddled out, the waitress gave us a hearty "thanks and have a nice day" shout out. While not an over crowded "super hip" "seen and be seen scene" diner (thank God), Anna's promises excellent high quality food prep, esthetic, coupled with great prices and quantity.  

                #81bi bim bap $8.50. Large bowl rice, broccoli, bean sprouts, sliced carrot side of spicy sauce was OK.   #7 Ham steak, hash brows were a thin layer what seemed to be a tortilla or pancake of hash browns, ham was good.   Overall food was just OK.  *within walking distance (2 blocks) of El Cerrito Del Norte Bart. *across the street from Starbucks  tres 17 doze  

                A very standard breakfast place....with a twist. Owned by Koreans, there is the possib. to order bibimbap at 0800 if one so desires. Didn't try the Asian side of things for the AM I visited, so cannot comment.   Super large pancakes, breakfast menu as well as prices are rather standard. Service was good; order the bacon extra crispy (small and skinny), and their coffee could definitely hold more flavor and depth.  PS Ample parking in lot; just one building north of the DELNORTE BART for convenience.  

                Went for breakfast. I had blueberry pancakes which were better than most--even though they weren't thick, they had a nice robust texture, not floppy, good with just a dab of butter and a drizzle of syrup.  But they got other parts of my order wrong, and I had to wave down the server to get a refill on my coffee. My wife had grits with her breakfast; hard to go wrong there. However the sausage patties were really greasy, and I didn't care for the chicken apple sausage that was served by mistake. Bacon when I finally got it was fine. So were the eggs.  

                Nice clean breakfast spot.  Friendly staff.  Fast service.  Great menu variety!  I'm not a bacon and eggs breakfast gal so I LOVE that I have a choice of Asian foods for breakfast!  YAY!  My friend enjoyed her mushroom and cheese burger and I was happy as could be with my mix of American/Asian cuisine...the beef teriyaki scram with grits.  

                Anna is a very good cook. I ordered the omelette and the dolsot bimbimbap in the past. My main issue is that they seem to continue to reuse old oil, the kind that leaves a bitter aftertaste when you eat the food. It's a similar kind of bitter aftertaste eating fries (e.g.from McDonald's) made from oil that should have been changed a while back. It doesn't help that the vegetables in the omelette are grilled.  

                Went there with high hopes for a good greasy spoon experience, but walked away with somewhat of a bad taste in our mouths.  We thought we would branch out from the usual since we were out of breakfast items at home this morning. A quick search on Yelp landed us here. Was super excited by the Korean fusion menu, as it could have been really good.  Instead, everything was just OK. The bread and the english muffin were pre-buttered with *gasp* margarine. I wouldn't be surprised if some of the food was cooked with margarine. The grits were bland, the scrambled eggs were decent. The coffee was weak. The spicy pork was good, but not enough to make up for everything else.  This is a neighborhood haunt that we won't be visiting again.  

                Beef Bi Bim Bap was good, but parking and the place was not the cleanest of places. Serving was not bad. But the part that threw me off was when the Rooster sauce was being passed around as if it was the only one in the room. Now when I think of it, it was.  

                It's really a Korean restaurant disguised as a breakfast eating place. Their menu consists of pretty much American fare sprinkled with "BBQ beef" (read bulgogi ) or spicy pork here and there. The clientele consists of older locals and working class types hanging out here early in the morning. My parents have patronized this place for years. They used to go to their notorious former location in Montalvin Manor in San Pablo from way back in the early 1990's. Good food, and friendly service.  

                Wonderful service. I ordered the spicy pork. So yummy! Just the right amount of spice! Plenty of parking. Definitely a place I will come back to for a korean food fix! And the price is very reasonable!  

                Been coming here for years under two different owners.  I'm surprised I haven't reviewed it yet.    Pretty decent omelettes, kinda small but tasty.  Home fries are usually a little underdone.    Their Korean plates are surprisingly good.  Not Korean restaurant quality, but a step above Steve's BBQ.  

                Great  

                This is a great spot for breakfast or lunch. The staff is really great and the food is delicious!  

                As others have pointed out, there are surprisingly few breakfast places in the El Cerrito/Richmond area.  The night before I ate here had been one of those nights where I should have had food before I going to a Christmas party, or eaten something before bed to stave off  feeling yucky the next day. We were really hungry and Yelp and its glorious user generated content didn't fail us.    Counter seating, which is cool, this is a diner type place, but not a chain at all- the chef was unloading a minivan parked out front and stocking the fridge, which actually made it really cold inside, but that's fine, it's a small business and all.   Yes, it's 3 stars, but it's a good 3 stars.  I mean, it's Korean, so they had Bi Bim Bap, and other Korean staples,  *and* American breakfast like scrambled egg plate with 2 eggs 2 pancakes, and a hot link  for a cheap price!?  Okay!  That's good for me!  Coffee was nothing gourmet but also pretty good.  Sometimes I like weaker coffee, it's easy on the stomach.   The girl serving us was really sweet.  So, overall nothing spectacular but good to know about in a bind or when you really just need to roll out of bed and get some food.  

                Great hangover food! Nuff said!  

                Great service...friendly atmosphere....good coffee  

                One of my favorite places in El Cerrito. Their Korean menu is awesome as well.  

                The food here is delicious.  One of our favorite breakfast spots. The spicy pork w/ eggs & rice is yummy.  I would have given them a higher rating but we were a little disappointed with the amount of food we got.  They used to serve generous portions and you'd feel like you really got your money's worth.  Today we asked for more rice and they charged us for it.  We wouldn't have been satisfied with the amount of food on our plate. We didn't have to ask for more on previous occasions.   On a positive tip:  they're always filling your coffee cup.  

                I moved to California in 2003 and had the pleasure of living directly above Anna's Place.  I fell in love with this place immediately because I love breakfast, then I discovered I liked their lunch too.  Even now that I live in Crockett, I still drive to El Cerrito for breakfast or lunch once in a while.   I have been coming here for 9 years and seen the place though 2 different owners. I like the food, it is not extraordinary but it is good.  I love the blueberry pancakes and the chicken teriyaki gyro, they have always been my favorites. I also like that there is a selection of asian foods for breakfast, in case you don't feel like bacon, eggs or pancakes.   I like that this is just about the only restaurants that gets portion size. They know that you do not need a stack of pancakes to sky or a sandwich that you can only eat half of.  Their portions are normal sized, meaning like the size you are supposed to eat, not the super-size most Americans are used to.   The service has been excellent every time I've come here. The waitress's remember regulars and ask how things have been and give you tidbits of how they have been doing too. It's like the way business's were in the 50's, nice, pleasant and personable.    The food also comes out very fast as they are used to people coming in for their lunch break and only having a small amount of time.   Good food, great price, excellent service, homey and clean.... Anna's Place is what community establishments should be like.  

                This place has great breakfast. We always get greeted right away and asked if we want something to drink. The food is made pretty quick and everything always tastes good, they have a pretty big selection of American and Korean food. We have no complaints at all about Anna's Place and consider ourselves regular customers.  

                The true test of a great diner: great coffee. Anna's has excellent coffee that is dark and strong, and the first thing your server asks is if you'd like any. Yes, you do. I love the veggie scrams here. They are loaded with veg and a healthy amount of cheese, and topped with avocado. The hash browns are great, and taste fresh, not like they're out of a bag. The French toast is the real deal, too. Rich and chewy but also light. The service is always friendly and really fast.  

                Where else can one get a seemingly All-American breakfast, but with the option of getting delicious Korean meats as a substitute for your regular ham or sausage? Not many places.   This little diner is located on the bottom level of the Del Norte Place apartment community and serves only breakfast/brunch/lunch.  I had a #11 breakfast: pork bulgogi (spicy pork) with two eggs, hash browns, and toast. SO GOOD!  I also ordered a side of fresh blueberry pancakes and that was also quite delicious.  I don't even like breakfast foods, and I loved this place. Nikki Preferred!  

                Spicy pork is the best!! Great Breakfast menu, amazing prices, and good service!  

                The girl that works there always has a smile on her face and even though she has 10 other people waiting to get there order she maintains a smile on her face. Its always a positive experience when the staff is positive.   Now the food, I ordered  the gyro with fries and I honestly expected something MORE it looked like something I can make in five minutes which was disappointing, the fries tasted like regular fries there was nothing wow about them.   Maybe next time I would have to try something else from the menu?  

                Great place!   Very friendly staff, great food, good service, good prices... Love it! Ordered: Bi bim bap, bul gol gi, and blueberry pancakes.   I got my Asian food fix and perfect blueberry pancakes all in one sitting. What more could I ask for?  

                Service was great. It wasn't perfect, but the girl was super nice, and I'm a fan of that. I ordered a mix of foods for my family and me for brunch. I thought everything turned out well! I'd definitely recommend the banana pancakes (as I've read from other yelpers) and the bibimbap was fine. i ordered bul go gi (beef) but apparently they were out of beef, and brought me chicken. Our server apologized a lot, which I really appreciated, however I thought the replacement chicken just tasted like teriyaki chicken? Maybe we were brought the wrong dish entirely. Oh well. But all in all, I think it was pretty good! Interesting fusions of korean and american that I never would have though of myself, but my fam (chinese ppl who love chinese food) enjoyed it!  

                Best food I"ve eaten in a long time :-) Has fresh food and excellent quality service  

                We saw this restaurant driving down the street and thought it would be a good place to eat. Horrible service. Gave the meals at different time. Didn't ask us if everything was ok. 2 minutes into eating, our check was delivered. Don't know what's worse the food or service. Definitely don't recommend any one to eat there.  

                Seriously, this is one of the best community breakfast place I ever dine in: great food, great price, and an excellent customer service... Highly RECOMMENDED!!!!! Feels like home!  

                Differently I will go back ..food was fresh , service was great ,price was right ...  

                we live upstairs so we eat take out here quite a lot. that being said- out of the 4 restaurants in the plaza this is the ONLY one we eat at often.   the breakfasts are always good, i love the omelettes. the burgers and patty melts are also really yummy, my favorite being the asian style potato salad. sooooo good.   also they have bi bim bap, pretty authentic too.  

                The first thing I noticed when entering Anna's Place was the unfriendly cashier. We stood expectantly for a moment, unsure of whether we were meant to seat ourselves or be seated. After a few seconds she glanced up and flatly said "sit wherever". When we sat down I noticed the irritating tv playing "Family Feud". I find TVs distracting, so that was sort of a disappointment. Our food was decent, but overall unremarkable. It was very affordable though so I'd say I got my money's worth at least. Overall, this place could be summed up by "meh".  

                great place to have breakfast or lunch.. you can order anything on the menu.. if you want  korean bibimbap as a breakfast.. they will serve you.. this place have good food.. you'll like it.. they have some twist on the menu like  spicy pork bulgogi mixed in omelette.. beef teriyaki scram, etc... very unique.. one if a kind.. even spicy pork with eggs, bacon like standard pancake, bacon, and eggs.. :D overall everything is good from my tounge point of  taste..  :p  

                I haven't tried the Asian menu options. Everything else is what a breakfast establishment should be. A pleasant waitress, fast service, an extensive menu option that doesn't drench your plate but rather is portioned just enough to fill your breakfast cravings, a clean atmosphere, family friendly, open space and stellar coffee! Must go.  

                Per the yelp mobile app this restaurant opens at 7.  (I should know by now). Arrived at 7:29 - Door open - sign says closed. Walk in and say hello to the woman beating eggs behind the counter. She looks up at me, then continues to beat the eggs. Wait another few minutes for her to finish her task at hand um...nothing. Left and spent my money at an establishment that returns greetings and understands the importance of customer service.  

                Meh. The food is good and cheap, but the service leaves a lot to be desired. The waitress dropped off our water by holding the top of the cup and handled our utensils by the eating side. That kind of grossed me out a bit but I cleaned it off and survived. The meat portions are a bit meager, but the bacon is excellent.  

                Extremely nice staff and the prices are great!!  I only buy "Bul go gi" and it taste great.  Never had their typical American breakfast dishes.  

                Food: Filling, satisfying, reasonably priced. What more can you ask for in a diner? How about variety! In addition to your typical omelettes for breakfast and club sandwich for lunch, Anna's offers more traditiona Korean fare and several dishes that combine familiar American food items with Korean ingredients and flavors. The outcome? Delish.   Fine dining? Not exactly. The ambiance feels vaguely like a hospital waiting room or a public school - no great expense was put in to the tables, seating, or decor. But it is very clean and brightly lit.   It's not the biggest place, but can accomodate good size groups well enough. They have Pepsi on tap, but canned and bottled beverages so you can always get exactly what you want. The service is usually very friendly. It is a strip mall kind of building with a parking lot and right off the Del Norte BART station.  

                Where else can you get banana pancakes and a hot link in the same plate for under $9? I often crave having a small portion of both in my breakfast. I was all smiles when I saw I can get both in the same plate for a fair price. I got the '222', which is $5.25 (sweat deal when not substituting). For an extra $1.50, I 'upgraded' to banana pancakes (computer geek! Who 'upgrades' a plate, LOL). And for $1.85, upgraded to the hot link.   Banana pancakes were good with banana in the pancake, as well as on top. But the batter was old-fashioned without any banana flavoring. And I'm crazy about hot links!  I am ecstatic this place is so close to home, and definitely coming here again!  

                I've been here before and decided not to order too much. I just ordered blueberry pancakes. This place has some great specials! The best is probably their 222 special that comes with 2 eggs, 2 bacon, 2 sausages for $5 and you could add blueberry or banana pancakes for another 1.75.  The pancakes were good. Nothing super special, but good.  After I had ordered and received my food, I realized that they serve Korean food too! Bummer! I woulda gotten some bi bim bap! Next time!  

                If I were to describe a friendly neighborhood diner this is the kind of place I would picture. There's a regular crowd that comes here and the cooks and waitresses are usually the same. I like coming here with old friends and people I haven't seen in awhile to chat and catch up.   My favorite thing about Anna's is that there's something for most everyone: breakfast served all day (i.e. eggs, omelettes, toast), burgers, sandwiches and wraps, salads, ethnic foods (i.e. rice, bul-go-gi, teriyaki bowls, gyros). It's pretty nice since there aren't that many other places to eat in El Cerrito and I hate arguing over where to go. The food is light and never greasy, decently priced, and there's always parking.  

                Service is always great, love the Venetian, and seafood omlettle...pass on the soup!!!  

                I cannot believe I have lived in El Cerrito since 2006 and JUST now discovered this place!  My husband and I have a wedding photography business in El Cerrito, where we also live and every morning before we go off to a wedding shoot, we like to have a hearty breakfast for obvious reasons, sometimes we don't get to eat til midnite.    This time since now our son is helping us I took the whole family, and we were greeted promptly and shown to  table within 5 minutes or LESS actually!  The staff friendly, warm and welcoming and the place on a Saturday 11am, was PACKED, that's a good sign!  We ordered the basic 222 breakfasts (2 eggs, 2 meats and 2 pancakes), cute eh?  An orange juice, which was yummy and generous not like other places.  And the coffee which I am always skeptical of, was actually GREAT!!!  We found a new breakfast place and wow, right in the neighborhood, the bill pleasantly surprised me at under 30 bucks for 3 hungry folks!  Their omelettes looked amazing, that's what we are ordering next time.  Come here.....you will be happy and so will your tum tum....yum yum!!  

                One convenient Saturday morning I was watching the Kimchi Chronicles and I got that yen for a little bit of Korean pop (a psychological burst, not the music). So I checked Yelp and found this place, where I picked up the bibimbap (with egg and bulgogi). Yeah, it hit the spot. As I always qualify, is it going to switch your itch? No. But it filled the need. It paid the yen. It's the kind of place where you know everything is going to be just fine. You won't find religion but you will find diner-sound satisfaction every time. Hell, I'm even going to try the gyro one day.  

                The food at Anna's place is good enough, not the most amazing food you have tasted, but the service is great. I also like it because you can always get a table, it's never crowded, even on weekends. The prices are also reasonable.  

                Nooooooo! Yelp found my favorite hide-away for breakfast or lunch.  Now it will be too crowd at lunch time.   I love this place, I've been a regular since 2000. The service is always excellent and the varies dishes are always yummy.    Anna's does take reservation for large groups. The only down side is when there is a large group (8 or more), the wait for food can be about 5-10 minutes longer.   Psst....Anna's Place not only offers Korean Food -  their 6 page menu consist of:  Breakfast Specials Scams Omelets Pancakes (the banana pancakes are the best) Breakfast Sandwiches Breakfast Burritos Burgers Soup & Chili Cold & Hot Sandwiches Gyro & Pita Sandwiches Salad then the The Oriental Corner (Korean Food)  

                There really aren't a lot of breakfast places in El Cerrito - so even though this is a couple of miles from our place, we decided to check it out.  In a nutshell, the food was pretty good - I'd give that 4 stars.  I had a basic pancake/eggs/sausage special while my wife had a veggie omelet that came with country potatoes.  We were also pretty happy with the price -- Our bill came to about $17 which included coffee for me.  Service was just OK, as there was only one waitress working on a Sunday morning. Fortunately, the place was only about 1/3 full.  She wasn't bad, but we had to ask a couple of times to get water and we were finished eating for 15-20 minutes before the bill arrived.  Three stars for the service.  The ambiance definitely leaves something to be desired.  It was pretty cold inside, because it was cold outside.  It sort of felt like a grocery store.  And there was a flat panel TV on the wall playing infomercials with the volume up pretty loud.  I'm not sure who thought that was a good idea.  One star for ambiance.  

                came here on a saturday for a late breakfast before ALMOST going to monterey...cancelled the trip to monterey when my friend and i got last minute reservations to commis in oakland... we actually started driving to monterey and turned back around =)  anna's place serves breakfast and lunch only...the menu has a eclectic mix of ethnic cuisines including american, korean,and mexican...possibly chinese or thai...can't remember for sure.  i had the 2 egg scramble with onions, bacon, mushrooms, and green bell peppers...served with home fries topped with sourcream and hot tea (they bring you a selection of teas to choose from)  my friend ordered bibim bap with chicken and his mom ordered bibim bap with beef...  bottom line:  solid food in a laid back atmosphere with good service  

                For a mom and pop type of place this was a great place to have breakfast, the staff was great and the food was delicious yum yum, try it for yourself and tell me how right I am :-)  

                I wish I had tried this place sooner!  I live within walking distance and it's nice to know there's another breakfast option nearby.  I had the chicken apple sausage scram and my friend had some sort of pork omelette.  I liked my scram, though I would've liked a bit more sausage in it.  The home fries that I got with it were a little bland, though I'm not sure I would've ordered the rice or grits instead.  Toast came out first and it was... toast.  Not sure what else to say about that.  Coffee was not very strong, but I'm ok with that.  It was a lot of food and a good price.  I took about half home with me.  The waitress was very polite and seemed to be on top of things despite being the only server in the place during the lunch rush.  

                I surprisingly don't have anything bad to say about this place.  Thought there was this one time ....nm.  It must've been a bad day.  Food is good.  i'm a big breakfast eater and love to taste what local places offer for breakfast and this is good.  My optometrist is in the same complex as them and it's yummy. PERIOD.  

                This is a local breakfast and lunch place that is really about the convenience being it is one of the few good breakfast places in El Cerrito Del Norte.  That said, the food is always good quality and the waitress remembers you if you come here frequently.  They have almost every imaginable food under the sun....They have an amazing array of breakfast food...the 2 pancake...2 bacon....2 eggs for 5.25 is my favorite.  They also have Korean and Thai food choices which taste authentic and American and Mexican.  They also have fruit smoothies and decent coffee along with espresso and cappacino.  One of the reviewers said they were pricey and I couldn't disagree more....Tell me where you find a full breakfast with pancakes for 5.25.  Their Chicken Apple Scram is one of the best things you can eat for breakfast.  

                kiddies like the grilled cheese, but we love the bibimbap. not clay pot, but fresh Korean veggies make this dish a steal for $6.75!  

                great coffe place, all good food,service is good,placeis quiet with a lots costumer. grest i have coffe there most every saturday.  

                Look- I have to rate them for five stars- because I'm the first to review, and because the joy of this place is so unique.  In the mini-mall under Del Norte place just past the Del Norte Bart station is great Korean food.  I only get the spicy pork with pickled vegetables every time because I crave it so often. American breakfast?  Neah.  It's good food, but overpriced and mundane.  The service?  Priceless.  Even the teenager who comes in to work on weekends for the church rush is polite and tries to remember my sadly routine order.  There's  a big screen TV- for some reason.  That's about all I can say about this place, but it keeps me coming back regularly.  

                We've been in the area for over 10 years and can't believe we just discovered Anna's only in the past year. We usually come here for breakfast after church and find it packed. During the week when it's less crowded is the best, you can sit and watch the news, read the paper. It's also great for kids. Give this place a 2 thumbs up.  

                I love this place.  They only serve breakfast and lunch.  I normally come here for weekend breakfasts.  Although they are a little pricey, the specials are a good deal.  Always a consistently good meal.  

