                My boyfriend lives down the street from this place and that's how I learned about it. It's in a small lot in a rather unexpected area but hole in the wall restaurants tend to be the best ones, especially when it's family owned.   My first time here was a bit confusing because there are different lines, it's not strictly a restaurant but a deli as well. Very warm customer service. I opted with the meatball sandwich which was good. The man helping asked if it was my first time and I told him it was, and after sitting down he brought over a mini ravioli plate for me to try, which was delicious!   It's been about year since my first time and I still come here every so often. Chicken ravioli with their TBC sauce is bomb. Bread comes with the order and it's about $9 and some change for a plate.  

                In another life I must have been Italian because my greatest enjoyment in life is pasta. I would travel through time and space for a good plate of pasta.   Antipasto is a deli and a market all in one. When you first walk in you may feel overwhelmed, because there are two lines. One is for the deli food, one is for ordering meat (I think). The line to your right is the line you want be at if you want to order food. You're welcome.   The place is absolutely crowded with seating scattered everywhere along the aisles. My boyfriend and I were hungry after taking a two hour drive to and back from Concord and I had been meaning to try this place out so we thought it was the perfect opportunity.   At 2/3 pm on a Friday it was PACKED here. A good sign. He got the veal sandwich and I got the homemade ravioli with the veggie stuffing inside. WOW. I don't eat meat, so I don't know how his sandwich was, but my pasta was so good it felt like a sin to eat it.   I've had my share of pasta in my 18 years of life, but this pasta blew all of those pastas out of the water. If YOU are a vegetarian or don't feel like eating meat I suggest getting this with the marinara sauce and veggie filling. Delicious. I will be back for the pasta, no doubt about it. Portion sizes are plentiful, especially my boyfriends sandwich. For a few bucks more you can get a salad, but I warn you it looks pretty basic.   Would I recommend to a friend: no. I want to keep this place a secret from everyone I know, for as long as I can. Thank you yelp, without you Id be dining at Olive Garden.  

                Tri tip steak sandwich is juicy as hell and their ravioli with TBC sauce literally melts in your mouth.   This place is an honest, family-owned restaurant with genuine quality. One of my favorites from San Jose.  

                I love pasta.  Even further, I love soft pillow-y deliciously filled ravioli.  Whenever I visit back home, this is one of my go-to places that I must eat at.  The main reason is because of their ravioli.  They have beef, chicken, and cheese filling with a sauce of your choice.  I typically get beef ravioli with tomato basil pasta sauce sprinkle with a generous amount of parmesan cheese.  This pairs great with the simple caesar salad they offer.  Aside from pasta, their entrees are amazing as well.  I've tried their cioppino and it's one of the best I've eaten.    For all those beer buffs like myself, they have a huge selection on both sides!  Make sure to walk around the whole store to see them.  

                Was in this area and a friend posts pictures from this place so had to try. They have so many choices it was hard to choose. Authentic Italian foods so decided to try the homemade ravioli with their marinara and Oh-em-gee!!! Lip smackin good!!! Comes with bread and butter. The ravioli were fresh and melt in your mouth good. It's a small deli like feel but love that they have tables to eat in.   Will for sure go back to try their other foods which Ive heard are just as good!  

                My friend introduced me to this unassuming deli, that I probably drove by countless of times growing up in San Jose. In the beginning I was slightly disappointed that we couldn't go try another deli that I had my eyes and stomach set on, during my return trip back to the hometown. I'm the type of person that reads pages and pages of yelp reviews before ever trying out something new. I like to have a slight idea of what I'm getting myself into, so that I can lessen the chances of being disappointed. Certainly  this place was a first for being one that I have not heard of nor researched quite yet. I guess I was living a bit on the edge that day, but I was more than pleasantly surprised and quite pleased that I was not disappointed whatsoever by trying a new place before doing any type of research. I didn't have any control of what I chose to ate, and I liked it!  We ordered a lot between us two. BBQ ribs, Caesar salad, meatballs, and trip-tip sandwich. I'm not much of a BBQ kinda person, but their tri tip sandwich was perfect! It was not drenched in BBQ sauce, masking the tender flavor of the beef. The bread it was sandwiched between was nicely toasted but still had a great soft and chewy bite.  The Caesar salad was huge, and was perfect balance for our carnivorous late lunch. Everything was really good, and you can tell it was just not any average deli. There was something special about biting into something that made you truly feel like a local. I miss San Jose already not just because of my family, but it's these off the beaten track kinda places that makes me want to let down my guard and be surprised more often on these hidden gems that my old hometown has to offer.  

                When I crave authentic Italian food, I need Antipasto's! This place is amazing, from their perfect meat sauce over homemade ravioli to the succulent prime rib dinner on special, you can't go wrong! Everything here is delicious! Even when I want just a simple salad I have to have their creamy Italian dressing, it's just so good!  

                Antipasto's is a small hole-in-the wall type deli/market. There are 2 lines, a sandwich line and a hot food line. It's easy to tell one from the other, the sandwich line will be almost empty while the hot food line will have a large number of people waiting.  Venue: The location is in a run down area to the side of a main road. The parking is limited and cars often park illegally around the parking lot because of this. The inside of the store is old and run-down, but the workers keep it rather clean.  Service: The service at Antipasto's is decent. They seem to just want to get your order in, completed, and out. No complaints there.  Food: Meatball Sandwich (4/5) - In my opinion this is there best item. The meatballs are pretty tasty and their bread is nice and crunchy. Make sure to get a lot of napkins though as this sandwich gets messy!  Ravioli with TBC (4/5) - The TBC sauce is very rich and strong. Some people I know don't like it because of it's strength and I can definitely see why. I feel it's a lot richer than alfredo sauce but to me it tastes pretty darn good.  Tri-tip Sandwich (3.5/5) - Definitely not as good as their meatball sandwich. The trip tip is pretty good but putting it in a sandwich does not do much to add to the taste for me. If you wan't a sandwich stick with the meatball.  Shrimp salad (2/5) - God the shrimp salad and was not impressed at all. Their shrimp tastes like what you get out of a bag that has just been thawed off at safeway. The one saving grace is that their is bacon, but I think all their salads come with it.  Overall: Good sandwiches and pastas give this hole-in-the wall gem 4/5 stars.  

                We've been coming here for years; but, never get tired of this neighborhood spot for comfort food.   Usually, we get sandwiches as their meals are soooo large; I have made two meals out of their meatball dinner & their ribs dinner. Others have raved about the meatball sandwich-in particular; and, I've swooned over several. The steak & the fish sandwiches are wonderful. But, my wife & I have the barbecued tri-tip sandwich (available on Saturdays) as often as we can. Even their cold sandwiches are terrific.   That said, read the other rave reviews on their dinners, ravioli, etc. Order whatever you like; I'm confident you'll be more than satisfied.  Parking is limited; but, turnover is fairly quick what with a lot of take-out business.  Finally, I've always been treated cordially & almost like family; don't let one person's bad experience turn you away.  

                After reading the less-than-stellar reviews on Yelp about this place, I'm boggled.  What an incredible gem of a restaurant/deli/market!!! The service was spectacular (now that I know to wait in the appropriately marked lines!!) - Mary, Gino, and Nick Jr. were so above-&-beyond hospitable, we felt like we were 'family'. So good to see a line on a weeknight - tells us that the food is going to be awesome.   Ordered two jumbo Dungeness Crabs, a box of hand-made (frozen) ravioli, a quart of sauce, and some fresh bread to go with it all - so much food that we'll be eating left-overs for DAYS. Well worth the price, and SOOOO many things to chose from (whether fresh/cold deli meats, higher cuts of beef, pork, seafood, etc, or a multitude of 'hot' items - sandwiches, fish, steaks cooked to order, oh my!!). A little overwhelming for our first trip.  Loved the in-house atmosphere - I'm part Maltese - enjoyed seeing groups of Mediterranean Men sitting around the tables, eating, drinking, shouting terms of endearment at the DeRose family behind the counter. If I lived anywhere near the area, we'd eat there 3 times a week. Great bottled beer/tap selection, the most incredible service... thank you again, Antipastos!!!  xoxo AWS  

                The food at this establishment isn't that bad. They have pretty good meatball sandwiches despite the fact that they get soggy fast. Their sourdough roles are baked fresh, which also adds as a plus to their meatball sandwiches. Their cheese raviolis are also pretty good when paired with their tomato basil sauce.   Other than that I give them 1 star based solely off of their poor people skills. The employees there are rude (the elder man with longer gray hair in particular). When it was time for me to order he asked what I had wanted. I proceeded to tell him two meatball sandwiches. In his response he rudely yelled at me asking how many. His demeanor didn't change when I ordered the ravioli. He continued to yell at me asking what kind of ravioli and what sauce when I had already mentioned what I had wanted. All in all I probably won't be back unless they do something about their interactions with customers.  

                I ordered the cheese ravioli with marinara sauce and it's the best ravioli I've had!! So why not 5 stars? Well for it being my first time being here the menu was quite confusing and there's separate sections to order a sandwich or hot foods. I only knew what I wanted to order from pictures here on Yelp. My sister got spaghetti and meatballs, I tried the meatballs and they were really good! The service was very friendly and I didn't wait long for my food to be cooked. Bread comes free w/the order but salad is extra. They have a good selection of beer. My sister doesn't go on Yelp as often as I do so she was really confused on how the menu worked and what to order. Other than that, we enjoyed our meals and would return again someday.  

                The last few times I've been here, there has always been a line for the hot foods. It seems as the secrets out and everyone knows where to get delicious Italian food! I can't dock off any stars for their popularity, its popular for a good reason. Their ravioli stays consistently delicious and fresh, and lately I've been getting it with half tomato basil sauce and half meat sauce and the combo is soooo good.  We've also bought steak here, to cook at home, and also got it cooked there and took it to go. My husband ate his steak a couple hours later, and he said it was STILL delicious. You can also always get their ribeye steak dinner ($16.99) which comes with pasta and salad I think, which is a great deal. Or you can do what we do, and choose your own steak from their butcher shop area (usually a thicker cut than the steak that comes with their ribeye dinner) and have them cook it there.   Makes a pregnant woman go out of her way to come here to wait in line for 30 minutes just to get their ravioli to go. Oh wait, that was me last night. WORTH IT.  

                2.5 Stars  After returning from Seattle where great food is easily found, I turned to my fellow Yelpers to help me decide on a great place to get a sandwich in San Jose. Though this place had great reviews, I sadly did not agree with most people.   I had the meatball sandwich. The sandwich looked great when split in half, but upon my first bite, I realized that I was mislead by the other reviews. The place seems to be family owned with family recipes. Being Sicilian, I expected much better flavors and a lot less salt. It was difficult to eat the sandwich with the amount of sodium it contained.  Final Thought: i will give them one more try, but would avoid the meatball sandwich.  

                Ate here two days in a row and my fiancé said to stop going there cuz our wedding is less than a month away and I may not fit in my suit.  What a hater!    But their tomato basil cream (TBC) sauce is just that good.  My sample plate would have to be a half of the pasta, half ravioli and then the TBC.  

                I went for the first time today and you cannot believe how much I love it already!   The food: impeccable! and the workers were suuuuper nice.   If I could, I would rate it a 11/10 haha!   This place is a must try!!  

                Antipastos is my #1 place to get a ribeye steak. Forget the fancy, overpriced steakhouses. If you like your steak simple (salt, pepper & butter) Antipastos is the place to get it. One of the owners, Nick is always very friendly and welcoming to.all the customers, no matter how busy the restaurant is. What I love about this family owned business is all the staff is very personable and everything I've ordered is consistently, great! If I don't order the ribeye steak from the butcher, I'll get the ribeye steak sandwich. Also all their deli sandwiches are fresh. Meats are sliced to order, produce is fresh. And lastly, their homemade ravioli is the bomb!  I like the cheese ravioli with meat sauce. I'm a runner, so anytime I need to carb up before a long run, I hit up Antipastos for that high-carb meal. Definitely worth checking out!  

                I needed a place that would give me big meatballs and delicious, hot, and thick meat sauce to go with that. Antipasto's delivered. I thought a half-pint of meat sauce was too small of a portion. Laughably, I found I couldn't even finish half of it. The meatballs don't seem that big compared to McDonald's nuggets but I could barely finish 3 before I was rolled to the car. I was satisfied.  The restaurant serves as half of a market and half of a restaurant wherever it could find space. Tables are scattered between aisles of condiments in jars and wine bottles. One side served as a butcher shop and another served as a refrigerator holding all sorts of beers and cold drinks. There's always a good flow of people going in and out of this restaurant, which makes you wonder if this is some hidden Italian treasure everyone just neglected to inform you about.  

                I liked the atmosphere along with the well prepared sandwiches.  

                Amazing  ordered ribeye med well Nick said we dont cook it that way and just try med went with it glad I did it was the  best  steak  I have  ever  had OMG we will be back  Nick and Gino are so accommodating  and the Pliny Elder beer is awesome! !  

                Best Italian place I've been to since I'm in the US.  Meatballs and marinara sauce were outstanding.  

                If you want some authentic Italian food, antipastos is the place to get it from. It's a quaint little family owned deli and seafood/meat market, and they serve some delicious food.   You have the option to customize a sandwich to your liking, or you can opt for any of the hot foods that they have premade. My favorites are the meatball sandwich and the steak sandwich. Both are sooo good. They also have a good selection of cheeses and beers. The best part is that they have Pliny the elder on tap!   Just as a warning, this place can get really busy during the lunch and dinner rush, so be prepared to wait in line. But it's totally worth it!  

                I just recently heard of this place from a couple of veterans.  This spot did not disappoint.  I look forward to making this a regular spot!  

                This used to be the spot for me back when I lived in the area. I can honestly say I love this place.  The parking here is kind of small but adequate for the amount of business they get at one time. I think you can also park on the street nearby so in truth, parking isn't much of an issue.   The workers here are extremely helpful. They will help you with anything you need from drinks, to groceries, to ordering food at the counter. They all have their own opinions and even tell you what was made or what's special about today's... specials! A lot of the workers just seem happy to work there and happy to help out and bring that friendly/homey ambiance to the place.  I typically come here for their lasagna, meatball sandwiches or steak sandwiches. Most of their items are priced similar to any other deli but the quality of their food is much better. The portions are large, fresh and absolutely delicious. The most recent time I went I ordered a meatball sandwich and although it can get messy, it was amazing. The flavor, the texture, the size: it was all perfect for a lunch or dinner.   Overall I've always loved this place. If you're looking for a hot sandwich or some sort of Italian food fix then you can definitely count on Antipasto's for delicious food, homey ambiance and a relaxing experience.  

                Oh man this place so good.  As taxi driver, you know I like good sandwich and this place so good.  I have tried to have the hot and the cold sandwich and it is delicious.  The service is friendly.  They have also nice market inside so I buy some food there for my wife to cook.  

                ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT THERES 2 LINES, ONE FOR THE HOT FOOD AND ONE FOR THE SANDWICHES. i wish there was bigger signs that said that.. i stand in line where it was the longest and only line thinking we just order everything at once.. but nope its not like that came up to the line and just thought of ordering some hot food since i waited that long for no reason. chicken ravioli - it was soggy, i mean the pasta. even though it was homemade.. it was like sticking together. but i guess they give you a ton of raviolis though. meatball with sauce - kinda tastes like they left it in the oven on high broil for it to be burnt, but the inside was moist and flavorful roasted chicken dinner - tastes like any other roasted chicken.. the salad with bacon and tomato was on the spot though. they had good service next time im coming here for the sandwiches.. i wouldnt come back for the hot food..  

                Our first visit to this place was late on a Friday.  The parking lot was full, we had to wait to get a spot.  Don't park next door because they will tow.  We witnessed one vehicle being towed.    It was packed and the line to order was long.  However, the food was really good so it was worth the wait.   We went again today around 5pm and there was no lines.  Sweet!    Last time we ordered the chicken and pasta.  This time we ordered the ribs, minestrone soup and salad.  It was all delicious.   Can't wait to try the meatball sandwich.  

                Cute little shop/ restaurant that does not look like it belongs in East Side San Jose. The line was long when we got there so that is a good sign. I agree with the other reviews the guy preparing the meal doesn't smile but the little lady behind the cash register is sweet and talkative.   Food:  Pepper steak sandwich: The sandwich got too soggy too fast and the roasted bell peppers  made the sandwich taste sour. I did not like it.   Chicken ravioli in cream tomato: DELICIOUS! These ravioli tasted homemade and definitely made with some TLC. Its like chewing on little soft clouds of pillows. And the creamy tomato sauce was a nice finishing touch.  Green salad: Loaded with bacon and ranch dressing, amazing!   I want to go back here for the Thursday prime rib deals, more ravioli and salad. The deli section looks good too!  

                I tried this place for the first time last week and fell in love! I came with my sister and cousin and we ordered: 2 prime ribs, a plate of ravioli, 2 Caesar salads, 2 meatball sandwiches, and the chocolate soufflé (yes we are petite Asian girls with big appetites)  The prime rib was to die for... perfectly juicy. The ravioli was delicious because it was very cheesy and seemed to pop in my mouth with every bite. Even the salad was good and I don't even like salad! The soufflé was really small though, but decent. I was not a fan of their complimentary sourdough bread however, it was way too hard.  The line was long and we had to wait about 40 minutes for our food, but I consider if worth the wait. The cashiers were very patient and kind, however, when I asked for our dessert in the end, he assumed that he gave it to me already.. But it's okay, I understand it was busy and he probably forgot.  Definitely a must try! Don't let the place fool you. I live somewhat close and always passed by the place but never thought to stop by because it looks really small and dinky on the outside, but remember, "don't judge a book by its cover."  

                I lalalala love this place especially on Thursday, they serve prime rib. So juicy, so tender, melt in my mouth. This place is like a steak market. You can also pick your steak and they can cook your steak right there and then for you. The line is alway long especially at lunch time. But the old lady at the cash register alway seem to be so nice. Only one thing do not ever order ravioli. I decide to order it once. And only take one bite. But other then that everything else was awesome. Even the veal sandwiches.  

                3.5 Stars  I came on a Friday around lunch time so the parking lot was full and there was quite a bit of a wait inside. I live only a minute away from this establishment but have never stopped by to try anything. I read some reviews and found that the homemade ravioli was really good so I decided to give that a try.   Service: My friends and I were actually lucky enough to get a table and sit down, so that was nice! As for the service and employees, they gave me the impression that they don't mess around. I was kind of intimidated really haha. I guess when you're really busy you don't have time to be super cheerful.  Food: I got the beef ravioli with marinara sauce and parmesan cheese on top. The meal was good however I don't think I would come back solely for the combination I got. I think I'll need to come back again and try what else they have because those steaks looked reaaaaal good.  

                Great family lunch place. The meatball sandwich is great and they have Pliney on tap!  

                East Side San Jose institution. Thats all that needs to be said. Come try if you are in town.  

                I love that these family run places still exist and this place is one of the best. The family is amazing, accommodating and take so much pride in their products. I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered, they have so many options that it's really tough to make a decision but I'm slowly making my way through their entire menu. The last time I was there the line was huge, while in line, one of the son's offered us a draft Pliney, I wanted to hug the guy, that was the most enjoyable line waiting I've ever done.  

                I've lived in the area my whole life and haven't tried this place out. Crazy, I know. I was craving some gourmet italian food and since this place is near my house  I decided to go here. It was a Friday night around 6 and boy was it busy! I waited nearly 40 min to get to the counter from the line to order. Why did I wait so long?  I was craving ravioli and theirs are apparently good and I had already waited 15 min. I kept hearing people mention steaks while in line and that is what was keeping the line so long, they were making the steaks to order so it was backing up the line. This is fine in a sit down restaurant because well, you are sitting down. I won't return on a Friday or Saturday night. I recommend coming M-TH.  

                this place is a little hidden gem!  glad i finally found time to check it out!  even better that i now live down the street from it!  soooo close!    its family owned, and everyone is super sweet!  well there is an older man that sometimes isn't so sweet.  but, overall customer service is plus!  as everyone describes, the way to order is a little unclear.  its a little disorganized.    anyhow, the food is great!  and the prices are a good match to the quality and taste!  we usually go to the steak section, and choose our own rib eye steak.  they make it for you there, or you can go home and cook your own.   steak is cheap!  also, it is also seasoned so well!  no need for extra condiments, but i do enjoy eating it wish a dash of horse radish for that extra kick to my nose!  I've had the pasta with the orange sauce, and its good as well.  the meat ravioli with red sauce is good as well.  recently tried their meatball sammich, and would have to say its good as well.  good fresh soft bread and the meat ball is super juicy and moist!  i left it for a couple days in my fridge and the sammich still tasted as good!  

                Wow the last time I reviewed this place was 6 years ago.. Shows how long I've been a customer if not more. This is really as good as Italian food gets - I can't even eat at any chain restaurants anymore. Their raviolis are the BEST ever. They beat La Villa in Willow Glen HANDS DOWN. Tomato Basil Cream sauce rules. They are still a great deli, I love the pen and pad concept because you really can't go wrong.   I've had everything, meatball sandwich, steak sandwich, grilled fish dinners, ribs.. all excellent, but nothing compares to my one true love.. raviolis.   They are also one of the limited places that will occasionally get Pliny on tap. The thing I've always wanted to try was their Rib-Eye.. I've watched them grill that thing and man it looks so good. Very huge.   Basically, their raviolis and beer selection are the key to world peace.  

                I love ANTIPASTO'S so much that I'm reviewing it for the third time!   I frickin can't get enough of the Meatball Sandwich here. The meatballs are moist on the inside and crunchy in the outside. The fresh sourdough it's served on is also A+. It's the best meatball sandwich on earth. Guarantee it.   I've also been very pleased with the ribeye sandwich and their cold cut sandwiches. You can also buy a piece of meat from their butcher shop and they'll grill it up on the spot for you.  But what makes Anti's stand out against other Italian Delicatessans is their vast beer selection. First of all, they've got Pliny on tap, which is rare to find and makes me giddy. They've also got three other top shelf beers on tap and an impressive bottle collection.  Meatball sandwich and Pliny from the keg would be in the convo for my "Last Meal." Enough said? 500 stars.  

                Must have: - meatball sandwich (huge enough to share) - meat ravioli with meat sauce - cheese ravioli with tomato basil cream sauce - roast beef sandwich  Everything was sooo delicious and in huge portions. Grandma was working behind the counter and was the sweetest lady! She told us about her daily specials. The dinner menu changes all the time so be ready to order things like prime rib, eggplant parmesean, and other specialties.   Did you know you can pick a fresh meat or fish and they will cook it for you?! They also have many types of beer, wine, and drinks for sale.   Amazing place and everyone working there is very friendly and helpful. Antiques placed around the store makes it a very interesting place to walk through.  

                For all the special holiday season I pick up their season prime rib- ready to put in the oven! :) When you can't get prime rib anywhere during easter this is the place to get it! The wait can be a bit long during the holiday but well worth the wait because they cut the meat when you pick it up!   Might I have to say beside Safeway this is the only place I have found freshly made Italian wedding soup which is to die for! Ravilol as well!  

                If I lived closer i think i would be seriously overweight because this place is sooo good!!! I met the owner and he is super nice and friendly, he told me about some of their weekly specials and I cannot wait to take my bf here. They have prime rib on thursdays for dinner that I am dying to try. Also I was told you can choose your steak here and they cook in house to your liking everyday lunch or dinner! I hear they have an amazing calamari sandwich on fridays that I am def gonna check out. So far what I've gotten is their Shrimp salad with thousand island dressing! So filling and delicious, I would def share that if you can. The cheese ravioli with basil cream sauce is money! Today I got their meatball sandwich, HUGE and worth 10 bucks! Their decor is really old fashion and outdated but who cares! I am here for the food! lol Cannot wait to come back here to try something else.  

                My boyfriend and I had attempted to eat here several times on random nights but came by too late. We should have checked the closing times before coming; it's 6pm or 7pm depending on the day.    So when we finally came here when they were open, we were happy already. Then when we walked in and saw the Pliny the Elder beer sign, we got super happy. But they were out of Pliny. The workers were really nice and explained how they could only get a limited amount of Pliny from the Russian River Brewing Company.  Hopefully, they'll have some the next time we come here.  They have a larger variety of drink selections than I expected: water, juices, wines, and beers. They also have a deli area.  We just came here for lunch, but it was interesting to see all of the other things this place has to offer.  We ordered the meatball sandwich and chicken ravioli with creamy tomato sauce.  Both had big portions and were really tasty.  My boyfriend and I both had leftovers and were stuffed by the time we left.  I really enjoyed the raviolis with creamy tomato sauce.  We took some of the meatballs from the sandwich and ate them with the creamy tomato sauce, so yummy!  We also got salad and bread rolls with our meals, which were nothing special.  I would order the salad with sauce on the side next time.  We also had two of the beers on tap, an IPA and orange beer.  Both were good.  This is a nice place to grab good food and good beer on tap.  

                Pros: Awesome Italian deli meats with classic flavor. The bread alone would bring me back: the sour dough was light, crisp on the outside, chewy on the inside and was sturdy enough for a meatball sub! I will definitely crave these sandwiches- we had meatball with provolone and also a cotto salami, ham and spicy mustard cold cut!  Cons- there are three separate counters and no clear instructions or menus. We had to talk to three different employees before figuring out how to order...what can you expect from a small family run joint though?  

                I always think of great comfort food whenever I hear the words "family owned Italian", and Antipasto's has never failed to fulfill that.   I have always suggested Antipasto's as my go-to foodie place to my friends for the years that I've been eating there, and for very good reason too.  Their meats are absolutely amazing. Every day there's a different special meat, and I always try to go in whenever they have their racks of ribs, and I'll be hard pressed to find any other place around SJ that serves any ribs better than they do.  It is good to note though that there isn't much seating to be had as it is a little restaurant crammed comfortably in its little nook (I suggest taking food home), and that the the service might be a bit rough, but that is hardly any deterrent to the promise of a great meal.  

                First time I tried this place out today and I have no regrets! OMG I got the beef ravioli with meat & tomato basil sauce!! I love it..! Ravioli was soft and perfect & oh my the sauces was soooo delicious! My bf got the steak sandwich and I took a bite actually a few bites.. Lol. It was tasty! Official steak sandwich!! I will be coming back because I want to try the other dishes they have.  

                I visit every time I'm in San Jose. We used to order full suckling pigs from them to pit fire but stopped for logistical reasons. Quintessential Italian place with a beer selection that does not stop. Twice in the past year (early spring, mid-summer) they had Pliny the Elder on Tap! For those who know beer, you know what this means.  Meats are terrific (butchered on site), although I wish they broadened their sausage selection, only Italian is available. Sandwiches are proper as are the cheeses, charcuterie, and hors de vors.  Excellent customer service and quality food at this family-owned meat and beer garden.  

                Thought the place was a lil hyped up. Dont get me wrong its good but its not 5 stars the most amazing friggin thing ive ever tasted good. Getting that outta the way id say this spot is more o a 3.5 stars.  Food- Veal Sandwich: Its bout 11 bux from what i remember. Its a huge sandwich with two slabs o breaded veal between the slices o bread. Not dry at all but wished it had a lil more marinara. Otherwise i really liked it and would get it again...  Chicken Ravioli w/ tomato basil cream sauce: Ravioli is very tender. It reminds me kinda like boba cept way thinner and not as chewy. Im neutral on whether the texture was good or bad. I really enjoyed the sauce tho. As far as portions go for this, it seemed kinda small to me. You get quite a few ravioli (bout 15ish maybe) but theyre like mini ravs so i dont think its very filling. The plate is also bout 11 bux so its a lil pricey.  By the way they have a buncha craft beer there. You can try some for on the cheap since they have em in singles. Its bout 2 bux for a single or if you get it on draft itll be 5 bux since itd be bout 24oz i think...  Overall I enjoyed my veal sandwich but i wasnt totally wowed by the food. I do love the craft beer and its fairly close so I may try this place for lunch again.  

                Just the best meats and Lunch! I love their meatball sandwich too! It's my favorite.    The only thing I dislike about this place is the environment itself. The furniture for inside dining is really outdated.  Me being pregnant I almost broke the chair that looked over 100 years old and was about to crack. Lol   Also, please be patient when coming here. Most the people that come here are rich & rude. People like to stare here if you are NOT uppity.    Parking lot is always packed. Prices are a little high.  

                THE BEST ravioli + tomato cream sauce, like, ever.  If you're a pasta lover, this little family deli is a must-try. The ravioli basically..melts in your mouth and is paired with the most delicious basil tomato-cream sauce. Both chicken and beef ravioli are good (I can't ever choose). Service is exceptional and the people who work here are super duper friendly. The Caesar sauce for the salad is delicious as well!  CLOSED ON SUNDAYS & MONDAYS & does NOT open for dinner! I learned that the hard way.  

                This place has some great food. We got the meatball sandwich and meat ravioli. Both were good, the ravioli was the best I've had. Prices were a bit high, almost $20 for the two items, but they were really good and portions were reasonable. Its a self service place. Parking and seating are limited, but we didn't have a problem. They have like 3-4 beers on tap for $5-6. Will be back for more  

                Just got back from lunch and the pasta in meat sauce with one meat ball was just what I needed after a long morning at work.  My coworkers said the chicken gumbo was the best they've had and I tried one ravioli and it was delicious.  I may even have preferred the ravioli over the pasta I got.  Next time I'll try the meatball sub!  I saw someone bite into that bad boy as my eyes looked with envy.  Tip: Get here before 11:30a in order to avoid the mad rush.  

                They change the food every day so if your like me and don't have time to cook all the time this is an easy solution. . I come in at least 3 times a week  

                Love this place!!!  As everyones mentioned in their reviews, the meatball sandwich is a must try! For meat and cheese lovers, this is the perfect sandwich for you. However, if your like me who needs vegetables with meat, this sandwich may be too much for you. I would definitely recommend pairing it with a side salad and splitting the sandwich with someone else. The sandwich itself is huge!  

                This little family owned Deli is amazing!  Not only is it a Deli but they serve hot food as well! I have yet to try their deli sandwiches but man am I in love with their Tri-tip and Steak Sandwich! Prices are between $9-12 depending on what you order. They have a ton of stuff like their infamous raviolis  (chicken, cheese, or beef) over tomato basil cream sauce, pastas, tortelllini, salads, or soup of the day. I hear their meatball sandwiches are pretty darn good but I'm not a meatball sandwich kind of gal.   There is a great selection of beer and sodas. For some of you wine lovers, they have a few bottles and cheeses to go with! My favorite is the chipotle gouda. Mmmm!  

                What can I say? Best hospitality I have ever encountered. Sweet friendly staff and they make you feel at home.   The food! Delicious and fresh. I recommend the meatball sandwich. But I bet everything else is delicious as well. I'm coming back for sure!  The beer? They are honest about their beer. They ask what kind of beer you like. And they recommend the best in that class. The 2 brothers that run the place are awesome! They don't let you drink alone! They cheers with you! Like I said. Best hospitality!  

                This place is a gem and so are the family oriented team that runs the place.  I can rely on anyone to provide great genuine tips on what, how , where, when and why. The meat is fresh and worth every penny!  I usually go here for the rib eye. I've had it cooked there before but these days if I have time, I just grill it at home. Their pastas are great. My favorite is the tomatoes basil sauce. The cheese selection is OMG! NY white cheddar! Gruyere! Too many to name. Tell them you're having a party. They'll suggest which kind of salami , peppers, etc.   I wish there was more parking, more available seating and a smoother flow to the ordering and payment process. But obviously it doesn't affect the rating because it doesn't bother me enough .  

                My other trips here were early on Saturday afternoons and never had a wait.  I came here later around 4:45PM this past Saturday and total wait time was about an hour before I left the place with my take out.  Place gets packed.  I can't say I LOVE their ravioli.  Their cream sauce is definitely better than their meat sauce.  If you do take it to-go, eat the ravioli immediately because it does not sit well and is certainly not mean to be eaten as left overs.  I made that mistake the last time I was here and wanted to gag when I tried to eat the ravioli the next day.  Was full on mush, the texture was just unpleasant.  Things I do adore are their meatball sandwiches and their rib-eye steak meal.  One ribyeye, with pasta, salad (of course say you want the tomatoes and bacon), and a roll with butter for $16.99!  good deal.  

                By far the best Italian Deli in the Bay. They offer a nice selection of Boars Head in the deli, and there are daily specials at the hot counter.  So good that I make the drive from the Los Gatos area to get my bologna. It's worth it! And since you're there grab a sandwich, they make them to order- better than Togo's any day of the week.  

                I give them 0 stars for their customer service..but their sandwiches are  good...I think they would do a lot better if they fired a couple people...the people behind the counter have a bad attitude...We went there about five minutes before they closed but there were a lot of people ordering still...we decided to order a sandwich but they had already closed down the deli even before they closed...they were still serving hot food...I will never go back...the service overrides the food...there are a lot of places that have good food and good service...  

                This place is amazing! Quick pasta and it's delicious! I come here strictly for the Ravioli. It's so good and melts in your mouth.  I heard that the sandwiches were yummy as well. Definitely have to check it out the next time I come in  

                Pliny the Elder on tap without having to go to the Russian River Brewing Company all the way in Santa Rosa?!  That, right there, is reason enough for anyone to come back....well not really since their food is delicious times gazillion.  Their home-cooked meals and personable service is exceptional.  We've only been twice and had a few dishes: calamari parmesan, chicken ravioli and minestrone soup.  All superb dishes that make you feel like you've just transported to an Italian kitchen.  They also sell all types of bottled beer and juices in their fridges, deli meats and cheeses - of course.  Prices are reasonable. Parking not so.  They get pretty busy during lunch since everybody knows of their greatness.  So come in a timely manner prob 30 minutes before noon or an hour after.  There are tables inside the restaurant and outside for you to stuff your face.  

                The workers are RUDE as hell. I will never come here again. The older lady seems to be the only nice one. Besides that the customer service needs plenty of work. I have never met such a rude/miserable staff before. And their shrimp salad is watery.  

                This has been a favorite spot since I was a kid. I grew up right around the corner from here & we would get dinner from Antipasto's once a week.  It hasn't changed. Always friendly service & great food.   We had some family over for dinner a few years back & I picked up meat sauce to add to the pasta at home. One was picky about her pasta sauce, because none could compare to her mom's sauce. I asked her to give it a try, since it was THAT good.  She was shocked & is now hooked.  Good to know: -Friday nights & weekends can be a little crowded, so give yourself plenty of time to wait in line....but it is worth it!  -limited seating  

                My parents live around the corner from this place.. So glad because the steak sandwich is ridiculous. .super tasty. Super filling. It's a go to sandwich for me and to have it done this well....I'm getting hungry again  

                Cheap, delicious, homemade Italian goodness!!! Came here for dinner at 6:30 Friday night and the place was packed. We ordered the meatball sandwich and beef ravioli with tomato basil cream sauce, both were which delicious!!!! Their ravioli is super soft and it melts in your mouth. The cream sauce is perfect, I added Tabasco for a little kick. If you want quick, homemade, simply delicious Italian food, this is your place.   Their clam chowder and bread are also good. Can't wait to come back to try the steak!  

                I love this place!  My boyfriend and I came here on a Thursday afternoon for lunch and were pretty surprised at how busy it was. The man that was serving our food was so nice and funny! "You guys look like you like a lot of sauce!" And he proceeded to drown our pasta is a great amount sauce, just how we like it!  What we got:  -Chicken Ravioli w/ TBC sauce (AMAZING TBC SAUCE) -Meatball Sandwich  You know that their food is really good when you and your partner talked about how amazing it is during the entire meal AND afterwards!   We will definitely be back soon!  

                This place has been around for years and years, and I have only learned about this place not too long ago! I don't know why my friends have been holding out for so long! Totally a hidden gem in Eastside San Jose. ESSJ isn't all just Vietnamese and Mexican food after all. There's a generous selection of Italian eats, but what I keep coming back for is the Ravioli with Tomato Basil Cream Sauce!  

                best Italian food in San Jose,  try the tortellini with alfredo sauce! Tip: you can hand pick your cut of fresh steak and they will cook it for you to your specifications.. (go medium rare!)  

                Meat Ball sandwich! that is all.  It's worth a visit bring your appetite.  

                The sandwiches are HELLA GOOD ! Meat ball sandwich BEST EVER  staff is family  So u get that home feeling  Most of the time they can be cool but there's days where there a little rude  But it's a solid place  

                This is very much a family-owned neighborhood joint. It's the kind of place with regulars who know the staff and it serves primarily friends of the owners or local patrons who live in the neighborhood.  Food, atmosphere, and beer here are amazing. One of the few places in the Bay Area with Pliney the Elder on tap.   This is NOT a restaurant. Do not expect table service. This is basically your stereotypical Italian Grandma's kitchen, and if you need something, you better speak up.  You can buy any steak from the meat counter and they will grill it for you to order. Homemade ravioli. All bread is baked in house. Sauces are amazing. Meat is high quality. Boar's Head deli meat in the counter.  All of the beer you could possibly want. Hot food, salad, and sandwiches can be eaten on site or takes to go.   Popular items include: -Steak grilled to order with side of pasta and homemade sauce. -steak sandwich -tri tip sandwich -meatball sandwich  It's worth a visit, SJ needs more places like this.  

                This place has GREAT GREAT GREAT food but what keeps me from going back is the snobby staff. I definitely loved the food but I couldn't take the rude staff and unwelcoming vibe we got from this place. Also- very little parking and the place is tiny so be prepared to go somewhere else to enjoy your food.  

                This deli knows how to make good food.  They use excellent cold cuts so sandwiches are enjoyable.  They also have it food with a menu that varies.    Everything is always great.  

                Wish I didn't have to drive across town to get here. I have been here a few times, and can say its worth it. When I first heard about this place from coworkers and saw the yelp reviews I was looking forward to try it out. But as I drove up and parked, I was starting to form the opinion that this place is probably one of those that are overhyped. I was wrong! The few times that I have been here, the little elderly woman that's at the cashier is the sweetest! I'm not a very talkative person, but she's super nice and very helpful. The guys that takes and prepares the orders are pretty much straight to the point. They take your order, prepare it, and pass it to the cashier. The food is good and the portions are huge! The meatball sandwich is a must, and we tried the raviolis for the first time today (my kids new favorite for this place). My kid and I ate only half of the sandwich and had plenty of raviolis leftover. It's definitely a lot of food for us. This place got my 5 stars not only because the food is good or that the little elderly woman's is friendly, but because they care about their customers. My kid was telling the woman that it was her first time trying the raviolis, and this taller guy in the back thought that she said this was her first time here... So he comes up to us and offers helps and suggestions. It's great how they talk to my kid and help her decide what she wants.  If this place wasn't so far from me, I would definitely visit more often.  

                Their cheese ravioli with marinara sauce is so bomb. I am not a fan of their meat ravioli/meat sauce/cream sauces. They have awesome sourdough bread and make killer sandwiches as well!  

                I've come to this place about 20 times since 2009. And finally decided to write my review.   I've tried the ravioli with tomato basil cream sauce a few times and those few times, I've always had a tummy ache. It has something to do with the ravioli itself because I've had their penne pasta with the same sauce with no problems. The ravioli has the consistency of uncooked dough every time.. Not really my cup o' tea. But, the tomato basil cream sauce is my absolute favorite!  Sandwich wise, I only order an Italian on sourdough. Totally love it! They carry Boarhead deli meat and it is the best!  The only problem I have is customer service. The older gentleman, I'm assuming he's the owner, never ever smiles. I don't really feel comfortable ordering from him as he kinda scares me. His wife on the other hand, is super friendly! Always greets with a warm smile. I don't exactly know who the other people are, as far as being relatives of the owners, but there's one other guy with salt/pepper hair who is pretty nice as well.  One thing that I've noticed is that they have frequent regulars. They're pretty much treated like family, ie. calling them by first name & chopping it up with them.   Just recently, a few of the workers were talking about how the owner was finally smiling because of some pretty girl that came in. I know what you're thinking, "And my point is?" Well, they talked about him smiling because he had a boner. Not cool, especially when my 5 year old and 2 year old sons were there. I wouldn't expect that kind of banter in front of any children. Just thought that was highly inappropriate.   Overall, I'd still go back for my faves, but maybe leave the kiddos at home...  

                I normally don't like salad but I ate my entire salad here. I also normally don't like bell peppers but I ate all those here too. Everything they make here is excellent.  The homemade chicken raviolis were extremely good and flavorful. They were so soft that it melts in the mouth. It had a really nice texture to it. The cream sauce for the raviolis is the best cream sauce I have ever tasted. Also the Italian sausage was very flavorful.  I came in around 4 in the evening and there was no line. All of a sudden I looked behind and there were about 15 people behind me.  I would definitely come again! Even though it is on the pricier side, the portion size makes up for it!  

                This is THE BEST italian deli/restaurant place to eat in town. No place beats it. The pasta is amazing.   Many people don't know this but they can also cook any of the deli/meats they have available for you if you ask them to. Order the ribeye steak medium rare and OHhhHhhh boy it will make your mouth water.   They have specialty's all the time. Every friday they have this calamari sandwich and it's to DIE FOR.   There is also a great amount of wine and beer available as well. 10 thumbs up!!!!  

                This place has been a staple in San Jose since I was a child. I  appreciate the craft beer and variety of meat and cheese. The only complaint here is service. The people here do not greet at the counter. They stand back there and wait for u to ask for help. Not ok.  This has happened the last two times I've gone in. The quality of food doesn't make up for poor service. Won't be back for a while.  

                By far the best pastrami sandwiches! People are awesome and friendly!  

                Drove by this place several times and decided to Yelp it! I'm so glad I did!!!! Came here for lunch yesterday. Parking lot was TEENY and FULL. I recommend you pulling in the street right before to park in the residential area.  Two different lines: one for the meat/cheese-ish stuff and the other for the Deli (line to the right). Lines move very very fast and I noticed the food comes out fast as well.   What I ordered: Small Shrimp Salad (bay shrimp, bacon, iceburg lettuce, tomatoes) - $6.99 for the small and $8.99 for the large. It's more like a shrimp dish with a garnish of lettuce.. HA! The amount of shrimp they put on their salad's is unbelievable.. for the price it's WELL WORTH IT. Your choice of dressing. I was a bit skeptical at first since it had such a strong fishy smell from the shrimp, but I couldn't taste it at all! It was PERFECT. Highly recommend. Cup of Chicken Dumpling - Didn't find this to be AMAZING, but it was good. I have a Korean tongue so of course I had to add hot sauce to it..  With salads/soup they give bread and butter. I believe its the same bread they use for their sandwiches.. I can see why everyone keeps coming back for more! The bread isn't  warm, but it's really good. Sourdough.  The gentleman taking orders doesn't smile so it's a bit intimidating, but you can tell he's a softy :P The cashier is the kind lady who asks each guest how they're doing. SO CUTE. The cash register is an antique.. LOVE.  Not that much seating inside, so be coureous and don't take up a 4top for 2 people.. offer your seats!  In all great experience. Will definitely come back to try their sandwiches!  

                Why I haven't reviewed this place before is beyond me. Maybe it's because I'm too busy stuffing my delighted face with their savory delicious goodness.  I have been coming here for about 4-5 Years. I have never had a bad meal. I have had some issues with parking and the crowds, but never the food.  This is where you come to grub. Don't come here feeling kinda hungry, or on a strict diet-- come here to get fat. This is Italian food from the family kitchen, not subway, or Togo's or some wannabe "I'm a family diner spot". Nope, this kitchen is the real deal; fresh, craft-fully designed and expertly prepared, down-home grubbing.  I can't possible say enough about how good the food is. I normally have a meatball sandwich. Today I had a veil sandwich and what another great surprise.  Cold-cuts, spaghetti, ravioli, soups, great beer on tap and in bottles, friendly atmosphere- this is one of San Jose's gems.  

                If your looking for a authentic Italian style deli then this is the spot. The great thing about Antipasto's is they have sandwhiches of course, but they also have hot food. I suggest getting the bbq pork chop meal with fettuccine alfredo. They give you tons of food which is always a plus. My wife and I are regulars.  

                LOVE the steak here. You can pick out your own piece of steak and have them cook it for you. Usually around $20 for a pretty big chunk. I always share with a friend. I've also tried their ravioli with both kinds of sauces, delish! $20 for a steak and it's always cooked PERFECTLY medium rare whenever I order it. Would probably pay $40+ for that size of a steak at LB steakhouse or something. Very friendly family-owned shop. They also sell groceries, not fresh produce but moreover pasta and dry ingredients to make your own Italian dishes at home.  

                My stomach died and went to heaven here. For 16.99 you can get the steak dinner which comes with a huge ribeye, salad, bread, and pasta. You cannot substitute the pasta for their infamous ravioli but order it on the side anyways cause it is bomb dot com. They have four beers on tap and a nice selection of bottled beers. The service was superb as well. He told me next time that we can pick any meat from the deli and they can grill it up for us. I will be coming back very soon!!!  

                This is a real mom and pop place. Gotta love their food. If you're in the mood for pasta and want it quick, they are the place to go! You can sit and eat there or you can take it to go. They have this marketplace set up as a mix of a place to eat in or check out their deli. They have salads, pastas, sandwiches, and soups. All looked really great, but I went with a pasta and it was pretty delicious.  The staff members are really great, attentive, and make things personable. It's not like a fast food joint where you come in and quickly are out and forget about the people. The people who run this place are always there. So it's a nice familiar face every time you go in.  

                I've had their cheese tortellini.....DELICIOUS.  I've had their tuna salad sandwich.....BEST TUNA SALAD EVER.   It can sometimes get a little busy, but everyone that works there is always super friendly and courteous.    They are a great part of the community.  

                It is all about the ambiance n delicious food here. Hard to find parking sometimes but this place is worth it! Definitely try the meatball or steak sandwich!  

                This place is so unexpectedly amazing located in some dumpy parking lot across from a strip mall, but they are serving A++ food.  I had the veal sandwich with marinara and cheese...perfection! Bites I've stolen off other sandwiches have been stellar as well.  They also serve hot plates (pastas, meat and fish dishes), a variety of salads, antipasti, and have a large selection of imported grocery goods to take home with you. Beer and wine, too!  They get packed around lunch, but there is adequate seating inside if you choose not to grab and go.  

                You have to try their steak sandwich. It's outstanding. Very much a neighborhood deli atmosphere.  

                O M G H E A V E N . Food is soooo delicious and the service is even better than 5 star restaurants. I know my pasta well and this places' pasta is <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2FBOMB.com&s=ac71b33d32e90570e9c0d70edf9b4cac5f20e98e10501794c62801370f5dd3f7" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">BOMB.com</a>  

                I bought about $300 in meat a while ago and it was kindly vacuum sealed for my deep freezer.  Over the next few weeks I took the meat out for cooking, but it had a noticeable odor indicating that the meat had turned.  I will not be returning.  Also, over the several times that we have been to this butcher, we have found the service to be very inconsistent.  

                *In Italian accent* Oooh, that's a spicy meatball!  Well, not really, but I always wanted to say that.  =)  This place really is the definition of family owned. It's not just an establishment, it feels like someone's home! Even though it's a restaurant, deli and liquor store all rolled up into one, you still feel like you're being welcomed into grandma's home.  I lived in San Jose for soooo long, but never knew about this place! Shame on me!  Even though their cold, sandwiches looked amazing, but their hot food is the star! In particular, their meatball sandwich and ravioli. Benissimo!  The meatballs are nice and tender with a killer tomato sauce! You don't even really need the bread. They're great by themselves! The sourdough bread almost gets in the way of the meaty flavor.  The ravioli are like pillow pockets of heaven! The pasta on the outside is soft while the inside is packed with meat and cheese! You can get either red sauce or cream sauce on it. Definitely go for their red meat sauce first. Such a classic and everyone's favorite! I want to try their cream sauce next time!  I warn you, the parking lot is TINY. Best to carpool if you're going with a group or come when it isn't lunch rush.   There are a handful of tables you can sit down and eat inside, but they fill up fast. If you see an open table, grab it!  I love how homemade their food is. Always a plus! Their steak sandwich looked pretty good, too. Something to look forward to on my next visit.  

                Came around 3pm and ordered 2 sandwiches after waiting a few minutes for another customer to be helped. Staff was helpful in assisting me with a few questions I had. Ordered cheese ravioli with meat sauce as well, as a back-up plan. Rest assured, no back-up plan is needed here. Everything was fresh and delicious. Only missing star is due to the staff. Overall, they've been amazing with me. However, they seem to pick and choose who they are polite to.  

                Family run and operated this is a gem for great Italian prepared food, fresh baked bread, deli sandwiches and other items. Eat in or take out, you won't be disappointed! Their fresh meat counter carries restaurant prime beef. Everyone gets to know one another .... It's like the "Cheers" of delis!  Mary, the mom, and her 3 sons, along with Charlie, who tries to make folks think he's a grouch when he's really a softie, run the place and are so helpful and friendly. I always leave feeling better than when I arrived, and have a delicious dinner in hand! Get there early for lunch or dinner, or you may have a little wait. This, once best kept secret on the East Side, is now on the tip of everyone's tongue!  Thanks De Rose's for providing such a wonderful service and such delicious food!  We need more good restaurants on the Eastside!  

                I can't tell if Antipastos is just the bomb dot com or my comfort food because i've been going here since I had teeth to eat with. Either way it's a 5-star in my book  I have no doubt that everything they make is fantastic but in 20+ years I have never ordered anything but their Steak Sandwich, it's absolutely delicious. And you can never go wrong with their meat marinara sauce, to this day it's the best I have ever had.  

                Love this place! I always get my steak or meatball sandwiches here. Just word of advice, it would be nice if the cook didn't juggle between his phone and making my sandwich at the same time. Kinda unsanitary.  

                Food is good but has GRUMPY and slow service. They looked like they don't want to be there. The guy serving the hot food lacks customer service...a little rude. The cashier/owner has to talk to the guy what every customer ordered making the payment slower. As I waited for my to go order, the conversation between the cashier and the guy were not pleasant. This is my 2nd time here and probably my LAST. I think they've been in business for so long they forgot to sharpen their customer service.  

                Awesome deli! Perfect food source after hiking Alum Rock. Friendly staff, laid back environment, and good food! Their tiramisu cup is delicious!  

                First time here!  A friend from work recently came here for lunch and recommended that I try the Calamari Sandwich.    I came with my co-workers last week for lunch.  When we arrived the parking lot was filled which is a good sign. There are tables outside and inside for customers to sit and eat.   I shared an order of clam chowder and the calamari sandwich.  The clam chowder came with 3 slices of their fresh bread and butter.  The soup was okay but a bit on the watery side.  The bread on the side was wonderful!  (I'm a fan of freshly baked bread).  The calamari sandwich was pretty awesome.  I'm not a fan of fried stuff most of the time but the calamari was fulfilling and not too greasy either.  There are two ways to order the calamari sandwich: either with red sauce and cheese (Italian style) or with tartar sauce.  I opted for the sandwich with the red meat sauce and cheese.    This was definitely the place to be at lunch.  The food comes out quickly and is freshly made.  I can't wait to come back to try their pasta, steak sandwich, and prime rib sandwich.  

                Love this place! Such a gem close to home. I get everything here lunch meat, specialty beers, wines, sandwiches, salads, and marinated steaks for when I'm entertaining friends at home. A must try is their raviolis... to die for! If you're looking for a small family deli with lots of heart this place is for you.  

                If you need specialty items such as cheeses, smoked meats, etc this is a great place to go.  They also have great freshly cooked take out items such as my personal favorite meatballs and pasta.  Also, see a good cut of meat like a ribeye (my fav) buy it and have them cook it to your likings.  They have done a wonderful job each time.  

                Best food. Period. Tortellini with tomato basil and cream sauce is amazing, even their side salad with ranch is amazing. A must have if you are in the area.  

                I have never heard of this place until a friend took me here for lunch. When we got there around 12ish, the parking lot was packed. I guess that's a good sign that it was worth the trip. I ordered the clam chowder and the calamari sandwich with meat sauce. The soup was decent but the sandwich was awesome. The meat was soft and fulfilling with the melted cheese inside. The bread is freshly made.   I will be coming back here to try more of their food because I am a fan of freshly made Italian deli food.  

                Alright. This place blew me away. I stopped in here about a month ago and tried their meatball sandwich. My girlfriend got the shrimp salad and pasta. All three tasted amazing. Every employee was friendly and efficient. The gentleman behind the counter even made my girlfriend's meal a combo instead and hooked it up on the shrimp. I loved it. Loved the food and my experience there, and I would definitely go back the next time I'm craving a sandwich or pasta!  

                My family and I dropped by this place today and I was humbled by the sheer generosity of Nick and the team:)  Upon entering, it was pretty overwhelming on where everything was and how things were done but we were told exactly what to do and we did just fine! .. we had the Rigatoni pasta for the kids which they hoovered! Roast beef sammich for the wife and hot pastrami for me! It was yum!   Nick actually gave us a couple of small bowls to test out with the kids as to what pasta they'd like to eat and gave them a sliver of an ice cream sandwich to further brighten their days. This is the human touch that we've all been missing..   There's much too much to say about these guys.. how about we drop by and experience it first hand?! Satisfaction guaranteed:)  

                Their food is amazing, by far some of the best italian food. Their customer service on the other hand definitely needs work. Extremely rude to people and are not personable at all.  

                I've passed by this place so many times growing up and had no clue they had a deli inside that served such a variety of dishes. Service here is AWESOME and food comes out fresh. My steak sandwich was a perfect medium and my tomato basil cream sauce ravioli...delicious! I need to try their tri-tip sandwich during my next visit! There's also a full deli and a ton of cheese for you cheese fanatics.  

                I ate here for the first time on Thursday and hands down the best meat ravioli's I have ever ate. I use to be a huge fan of the ravioli's at La Villa in Willow Glen, but after eating here these ravioli's are way better than La Villa. The meat sauce was so flavorful. I was also able to try the Alfredo sauce and basil cream sauce which was awesome!!!!  The owners were very pleasant and welcoming. I will definitely be visiting this place more often now!  Definitely 5 stars!!!!!  

                If I could eat here every day...I'd be living the dream. Although still a huge fan of Willow Glen's La Villa, I have finally found a family (in walking distance, no less) who can dish out top notch ravs.   I order the chicken ravioli lunch plate with tomato basil cream sauce every time I come in, and can't seem to rid myself of the obession with this delicious plate. It comes served with the fresh baked bread, and a side salad - which, as simple as it is, can't be beat - topped with your choice of a few tasty dressings. Grab yourself a beer on tap, or head over to the refrigerated section with a huge selection of refreshments.   Nick and Gino are always the first to say hi to us as we walk in, and everyone here ensures that they treat each customer like family. We're surely customers for life!  

                Been coming here for years all I need to say is love love love there food! Chicken ravioli. W/tommato cream basil sauce is the best way to go antipastos  

                Hooray for my handy dandy Yelp add that led me here. My cousin lives down the street from this place and I always thought it was just a liquor store or something, but when I finally found out this place is an Italian deli, I had to check it out. I got there pretty early in the morning so they were still cooking many of their signature dishes so I opted for the turkey and avocado sandwich on sourdough. I let the guy at the counter know it was my first time so I wasn't sure how to place my order. He was totally amazing and introduced himself to me..I think his name was Nick. Anyways, this guy was super helpful and let me know about his deli. He also went out of his way to ensure I tried their tomato basil sauce with some pasta (delicious!)  As for my turkey sandwich and potato salad, both items were hella good. The sandwich was massively stacked on this bomb homemade sourdough roll and the potato salad was totally freshly made. Overall, a bit on the pricey side, but the quality of the food speaks for itself. If I'm ever in the area again I will make sure to try their other infamous items.  

                Coming here for me, is like a mini vacation back home to my favorite Italian deli in San Clemente.  The staff here is super friendly, and knowledgable about all the products they carry. Not only do they carry a large variety of deli meats, and homemade items such as ravioli, they also carry a wide variety of seafood and meats.   Wen I come here I go for the cold deli sandwiches, because they are wonderful! The meat is fresh and so is the bread. My husband gets a steak sandwich, or ravioli.   This place is amazing. I can't say enough great things about them.  They also carry my favorite tea. And they sell BEER! What's not to love?! Beer and Italian food!  

                I seriously thought that I had reviewed this place before seeing as I've been here a couple dozen times over the last couple years.   Things I like: 1. Everything seems freshly made.  2. The staff seems to be all one large family, which leads me to #3 below. 3. Locally run, family owned place. If at all possible, I absolutely like to frequent locally owned places.  4. Their food is delicious - everything I've ordered there has been fresh and delicious. 5. You can eat it right there at their tables - you can also buy a nice beer you've never tried before and sample it right there.  6. We've reserved the room next door and the tables inside the main place - they're always awesome and friendly in helping us out with this.   Things that could improve: 1. Like Lorrie mentioned, I got a little confused the first time I went in regarding where to pay for stuff. I get confused easily though, and have since figured it out. :)  2. Their parking is a little small, BUT you can park across the street in the shopping center massive lot and just walk across the street. It's an extra 30 seconds of walking that takes away a small portion of the massive amount of carbs I'm ingesting at Antipasto's!  This place really is awesome, and I love eating there. My staff will continue to reserve the place for our get-togethers and I will continue to frequent the place every few weeks. I'd highly, highly recommend it to anyone!  

                This place is a perfect example of local gem. This deli/restaurant has the best steak for the best price in all of San Jose! Huge Rib-eye steak dinner for less than $25! You can also choose your steak and they will cook it up for you. I also had the ravioli which is okay in my opinion, but that's what all my friends are crazy about. They also have a great selection of beer. I recommend coming around 3 on a weekday because the line tends to get quite long. At first, I was a little intimidated going inside because it doesn't look like your typical dining place, but don't be shy..you and your stomach will be happy!  

                It's all about the Tomato Basil Cream Sauce here folks.  I could sip this down like it was soup on the coldest day and then lick it all up and down the sides of my bowl.  Yes, it's that good.  It's just too bad that you know since it tastes so fricking good, there's probably enough calories in one serving to last an entire day and then some.  Yup, I wouldn't doubt it.    Anyways, onto my order.  I had the meat ravioli with the said sauce poured on top.  It was so good that I felt like sending an email to the Chefs over at Maggiano's to order them to come eat here.  

                Eh.. This place is good for sandwiches. Dont get the ravioli. Its rubber uncooked dough. Goodluck  

                Yumm best place ive been to in a while.. nice selection of beers  

                Not worth the wait if you're not "in with the crowd". I've been a frequent customer for the past few years, yet waited in line over 20 minutes while the people behind me or others they knew we taken care of. After hundreds of dollars I've spent there buying everything from special occasions to a quick dinner I was shocked they acted that way. Sad for the dozen plus people in line with me...  

                I was craving a meatball sub today and thought I'd try the highly regarded meatball sandwich at this establishment. In my opinion, it was good, but not amazing. I could tell the ingredients were good quality; however, when I spend $10 on a sandwich I feel I should be full after eating it. Next time, I'm going to try something else.  

