                My wife had a green curry and I went with the panang curry - both were excellent! The meat was good quality and we both got a lot of vegetables, all of which were fresh and delicious.   The ordering was not the smoothest but the food showed up after 20 minutes or so. Hard to beat! Good price as well.  

                DELIVERY REVIEW ONLY. Wow. I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered crab rangoons, chicken skewers, and the grilled pork plate. My order came within 33 minutes. The delivery guy was very polite as well. (+2 stars)  My food was piping hot. The rangoons had plenty filling with REAL dungeoness crab meat in it. The chicken skewers (4) were juicy and tender w/thick, creamy peanut sauce on the side. The grilled pork plate was plentiful and flavorful. Tender pieces of pork, tangy mango salad, and I LOVE sticky rice. (+3 stars) Overall, I was impressed w/April Nine and will try other options next time!  

                Ordered over the phone and the entire time I had to repeat myself about 3 times about everything as she tried to rush me without actually listening. Order was late by 30 min. and I called again with her telling me it was on the way and hung up.   Food wise:  * Disappointed about the proportions for what I paid. * It however tastes pretty good.  

                Food: 5/5  Service: 4/5 Atmosphere: 2.5/5   I feel like this area for location is a bit .. "sketchy" because of the neighborhood it's in. Hidden away from the nearby main street 19th Ave, this place offers some pretty good Thai food! The restaurant itself doesn't look all that great; looks like it was previously a taqueria, but I feel like the restaurant probably didn't have much to start with. I think they need to add some more decor on the walls. Though it's not that great looking inside or out...the restaurant tries to makes it feel as welcoming as possible. If you don't want to be in the area, they do delivery, but I'm not sure how far they would go.   The servers are friendly, but the only off thing I didn't like during my time there was that we sat next to these arches, by the front counter. When they came to give us our drinks and food, instead of making their way around the wall of arches, they would give us our drinks and food through the window of the arch. It made it seem like they were a bit lazy to go around.. If that's the case, I think they should make the effort of going around because it's more personal between the server & customer, or take down the arch.   The food here is pretty darn good! I would probably come back to do some take outs.  Had the Dungeness Crab Rangoon ($8) and it was delish! Highly recommend to order this as appetizer.   I read from a previous review that crispy pork belly & pumpkin curry were a good mix; but they don't have crispy pork belly anymore! :( Got the beef pumpkin curry ($9) instead and it was still pretty good. The dish itself came with rice on the side and pumpkin inside the curry.  My bf ordered the grilled pork rice plate ($10) and it came with a side of mango salad. Had a bite of his dish, and everything was pretty good too! --basically their food is delicious & good!   A can of coke is $2! From another reviewer, they said if you place an order through EAT24, there's usually a $2 off coupon .. which means you can use it for the soda lol.   Recommend for take out, but probably not for sitting in cause it looks sorta sketchy in the area..  

                I eat here about once a week. I order take out, and I eat in on occasion, they are the best! I have tried almost the entire menu and everything is great! The summer roll is my favorite, second the yellow curry!! I'm so happy they are so close to home!!  

                I placed an order through EAT24 (usually there's $2 off = free soda). I'm actually 4 blocks away but like the convenience of delivery. Placed my order around 7pm and it came in about an hour, right before my hangry kicked in!   I got the pad see ew with seafood. There's was plenty of calamari but only 2 prawns :(. But it was pretty good. Definitely would order again. I love Thai food but I'm allergic to peanuts. It's great to know they follow special instructions and left of the nuts.vAlso ordered the pad Thai with beef. No too bad. We order medium spicy and it felt like it was extremely mild. Nothing like good oil' siracha so to spice it up.  

                Random Thai restaurant tucked away in the Ingleside district of SF.  Don't let the exterior fool you, it does not look like a restaurant from the outside at all.  There are some bars by the window and can be mistaken for a liquor store or youth center, but I believe it was once a taqueria  However, once you walk in, you are welcomed by the aroma of sweet chilies and Thai spices.  Furniture and decor is a bit missed matched and if you tend to get cold easily, bring a jacket!    Exterior aside, service was welcoming and food was very authentic.  Their lychee duck curry + pork belly were probably my 2 favorite dishes out of the 5 that we ordered.  Distinctively different w/ a hint of sweetness from the lychee, it made the spiciness from the curry a bit more tolerable.  When they tell you dishes are spicy, they're not kidding.  We ordered most of our dishes "mild" but man, there was still a kick!  Be patient and don't expect the food to come out right away though.  We got here at the peak of dinner time (6:30 - 7pm) and due to the high demands of the phone orders they must cater to, there was a bit of wait.     Not sure if I'll return for a dine-in visit, but I'll definitely be ordering take outs from here more often.  

                I stopped by for a late dinner, an hour prior to the restaurant's closing. We found parking right out front. There was no one eating at the restaurant, but it seemed that there were more pick-up and delivery orders.  The restaurant itself is very open with a decent amount of seating and group tables. The open kitchen is the first thing you see upon entering April Nine Thai.   After perusing the menu, we ordered:  -Baby back ribs: Tender ribs glazed in a thick savory sauce, accompanied by a simple but refreshing cucumber salad and steamed rice. My favorite dish of the night.   -Duck noodle  soup: A large bowl of soup consisting of rice duck, rice noodles, bean sprouts, and green onion. While the duck was  tasty, I thought there could have been more of it. Unfortunately, the broth was too salty.  -Pad kee  mao with beef: Good, standard pad kee mao. It was a bit spicy and included cherry tomatoes that just burst in your mouth.  Service was efficient but wasn't as friendly as expected.  

                Food was excellent at a reasonable price.  I ordered Pad Se Ew and Red Lychee Duck Curry. Both items were very tasty - highly recommend the Lychee Duck Curry, very unique set of flavors w/ sweet Lychee.  I ate the meal at the restaurant which was clean but very plain and run down. I would definitely go back but probably only for take out.  

                Came here unplanned bec Tani's Kitchen was full. I will come back here for sure! Here's why:  - place is clean and spacious - the hostess is friendly and customer-service oriented - happy hour between 5pm-7pm (and we came around this time!) - restroom is clean  - food is fresh and oh-so-tasty! - I love an open kitchen!  

                I placed an order for delivery and I wasn't impressed. I was on hold for about 5-10 minutes, while the hostess would periodically check in with me, then place me on hold again.  It took about an hour for my order to arrive, which was fine if my food would've been delivered warm. I had ordered the pad thai and it was fairly cold with super thin spaghetti like noodles. And, they forgot the hot sauce!   The only thing that made this order worth it was the thai iced tea.  

                I gave in and decided to give them a second chance since I was starving and they're so close my house.   I ordered the grilled chicken with rice for to-go, and they did not give me the sauce for the chicken! And I know for sure it's supposed to come with sauce because I've ordered grilled chicken many times.  First they forget to give me rice... And now they forget the sauce?! April Nine and I are just not meant to be.  

                Decent spot.   First time I ordered here I would have given it a 1 or 0 rating if possible. I ordered Pad Kee Mao to-go and when I looked at it I knew immediately that it wouldn't be very good. The noodles were bunched up in a solid mass and very, very oily. The meat (chicken) was okay, but not 'good' - in fact the only good part was the vegis, which were actually very fresh and just the right amount of crisp for the dish. The sauce was all wrong, it just didn't taste like Kee Mao at all.  Tried a second time, and followed some advice here on yelp and got the pumpkin curry and I was not disappointed. It was delicious! It's now pretty much a go-to comfort food (its a bit carb-heavy with all the pumpkin chunks and rice) for me because I live in the area. I've tried some of the other dishes (not any noodle ones though) which turned out pretty good, but pumpkin curry is definitely the best choice on the menu.  Overall, it's A-OK - just do like me, and avoid the noodle dishes altogether and you will probably have a tasty experience.  

                I have been a yelp user since 2005, but have never been compelled to write a review until now.   My girlfriend and I have given this place a 2nd, 3rd, and 4th chance since the reviews are so good but are constantly let down:  Here's the deal:  IF you are a diner who appreciates fresh ingredients, rich, exciting flavors, and more than 5 or 6 small pieces of chicken in your chicken pad thai, this is not the place for you.    If you are reading yelp reviews because you recently moved to the area and are trying to find some diamond in the rough, "family recipe" Thai restaurant this is definitely not it, don't waste your time and money.    -but-  IF you are the type of diner that finds safeway roasted chicken out of this world, doesn't use salt then they cook at home, and drowns their food in condiments, they offer pretty good portions sizes for the money.   If you are ordering take out, please note they haven't analyzed their procedures for this in a very long time, and the food doesn't travel well at all.  I advise taking everything out of the containers and reconstituting it in a pot or pan.  This sounds unusual I know, but will help to alleviate your disappointment when your food arrives.  Lastly, do not take the other reviews mentioning the "F-You" customer service attitude lightly, this is very real.  

                My boyfriend and I can be big couch potatoes so we had a tendency to order take-out often. We ordered from this place once out of curiosity.   I can't remember the savory food that we ordered at all but my boyfriend tells me we didn't like it at the time. I'm going to have to order from them again to verify that.   The weird part is that we order from April Nine A LOT....but for the dessert. Both the green tea creme brulee and the mango sticky rice.  The green tea creme brulee is like your usual creme brulee but with a slight matcha flavor. Not enough for my taste but enough to keep me hooked.   The mango sticky rice is beautiful! They present this dish pretty nicely for take out! The mango is usually consistently juicy and the rice is buttery and mildly sweet with a hint of coconut. Everything is accented with toasted seeds (idk what) and mint but I have only eaten the seeds.  They seem to have updated their dessert list so I AM SO EXCITED TO TRY MORE!  

                Tried the crispy soft shell crab rice plate today. Fried rice was okay nothing special, but crispy soft shell crab was quite disappointing, lacking crispness and flavors described in the menu.  

                Probably one of the most awful and unpleasant places I have ever had to deal with. After having my delivery be two hours late, the driver felt it was necessary to write a tip on my receipt without my knowledge. Oh and there were two hairs in my "fresh rolls  

                I ordered pickup tonight and my pad Thai was inedible. The noodles tasted of nothing and the chicken was scarcely 3 pieces which had no flavor! I looked at the chicken and it was white as could be, as if they hardly put any flavoring on my noodles and threw in some cut boiled chicken that couldn't absorb anything to which my pad Thai tasted of nothingness.  I am so disappointed. Especially since I had came there before and decided it was fantastic and today my past judgement seemed to be questioned, hard. I hope the business reads my review to get their food to being more consistent that way clients can come back to the same great food and not leave in utter regret.   Thanks for the try April Nine but I'll come back when the food is more consistent.  

                We wanted  a quick dinner near SFSU and this fit the bill.  ON a Sunday night, we were the only folks in the restaurant at 7:30pm so that was worrisome.  NO need to be worried  - delicious Thai!  We had the spring rolls which were fresh and served with the typical sweet sauce.  Then I had the seafood noodle soup which was SPICY but I liked it. I couldn't have handled it any spicier, so it was right on that border, but good.  Also ordered was the spicy chicken on their 'specials' menu. It was ground chicken with some bell peppers. It was too spicy for me to eat but my friend really liked it.  I'd like to go back and try a few more things.  

                My boyfriend and I have been ordering regularly from April Nine for a while now, and we love the food (so two stars for that). But the service leaves a lot to be desired, and last night in particular was so bad that they lost us as customers.  When we order for pickup, the service is usually quick. We can often pick up our food in just 15 minutes. But when we order for delivery, usually through EAT24, it usually takes an hour or more to arrive. This is strange because it's nearly always dead inside when we come to pick up, so they can't be THAT busy, but I digress...  We both had particularly long days yesterday, and decided to order from April Nine for delivery, and got a confirmed 75 minute delivery time. Really long, but we were exhausted and willing to wait.   After 90 minutes I called. The girl on the phone asked for my name and address and then told me the food was on the way. To me that meant in a car on its way to our house, so we expected the food in the next 10 minutes. They must've be having a busy night, fine.  Another 30 minutes go by, and I call again. The same girl asks for my name and address again, and tells me the food is on the way. Then I started to get angry, because at this point - 1 - it had been almost two hours since we first ordered - 2 - they were closing soon - 3 - we had already paid for our food - 4 - this girl didn't seem to have any idea what was actually going on.  She took my number and called me back after another 10-15 minutes. She tells me the order had never been printed, so they hadn't even started making it yet. After she had told me TWICE that it was on the way. She proceeded to apologize very insincerely and ask if we wanted to cancel the order or wait 45 more minutes (making it a whopping 3 hours) for our food. At that point I think we deserved the meal for free, which wasn't offered. So I cancelled and hung up. Never again.  So at 10pm, 3 hours after we attempted to order some food on an already exhausting day, we were left dinnerless and out of options. Thanks for the stellar service, April Nine.  Now looking for other good Thai restaurants in the area.  

                Wanted to have quick Thai food and found this place on yelp.  My bf and I arrived and we both were like....should we go inside??  Seriously it was very ghetto from looking outside.  It doesn't look like a restaurant; more like a small church.    The decor was very empty, weird and COLD.    I was wearing my jacket the whole entire time.    The staffs were very friendly thou but kinda slow because they had a lot of take out orders.  I think people preferred to take out because of the weird dining area.    The food was actually pretty good.  All the dishes that we ordered were done well.   We ordered:  Chicken Satay - the meat cooked very well and flavorful.  The peanut sauce was tasty too.    Pumpkin Curry with Prawns - The prawns were fresh.  The curry was flavorful but kinda watery.  The pumpkin was little undercooked but overall it was still good, especially with the rice.    Garlic Pork - The pork was very good.  Cooked well and flavorful.  The portion was just good.   Sticky Rice with Mango - The mango was sweet.  The sweetness of the sticky rice was prefect but the rice was little overheated.  So the edge was little hard.   Overall, the food was good but just the location was little off.....  

                The food here is amazing. Had the bbq pork ribs and the Tom yum soup, the best!!! Tastiest Tom yum soup ever!!! And it's so close to my house. Staff is great too!  

                Actually a very good deal for a Thai place, which is refreshing. They don't serve alcohol but there is a liquor store next door & you can BYOB.  

                I was craving curry and not wanting to cook so I decided to try this place out.  The delivery was fast and the service was very friendly.  However, I ordered my red curry very spicy, and specified that twice in the online order form, yet it was completely mild.  I did not see or taste any spicy peppers at all.  I was very disappointed.  It was really sweet though, so if you like sweet, mild curry it may be good to order.  My roommate ordered the pad kee mao and was satisfied with it.  

                I often order for pickup since I live pretty close to here. Fried rice and April tai pasta is my favorite. Don't ask them to make your food spicy if you can't take spicy food well. Spicy means Super Spicy for them.  

                Delivery service is excellent. What I always order Crispy pork belly w/green beans - x spicy Pumpkin curry  I live a mile away from this place. Never dined in. Its faster when you call. Takes about 30-45 mins. I have used eat24 or yelp to get a delivery since they send me a coupon. It took at least an hour to get my food.  

                I live only a half mile away and decided to order take out using the eat 24 app. it was simple, quick and also an efficient way to pay. I ordered the lychee duck curry and delicious!  I like my food extremely spicy so i was surprised that i didnt have to add any more hot sauce since i ordered it very spicy. The curry had a rich savory and creamy flavor and the pieces of duck melted in mouth. The lychee added a sweet pop to the dish and it was the first time that i had lychee with curry. I will definitely be ordering from here again and excited to try more of their menu  

                My 1st time dining here, everything I ordered (except the peanut sauce) was dry and disappointing.   When I called the restaurant, the woman who answered the phone offered me a credit for my order. Once I try this place again, I'll revise my review.  

                Unbelievably great. I was hesitant to go in because of the outside look  but when I went in , very clean  had a 100 at the door. The food was very tasty and full of flavor. I was so impressed that I will be coming back.  

                In the 2 months my boyfriend and I have lived in San Francisco, we have ordered from April Nine Thai Kitchen four times, each time ordering something different.  Every time the food has been delicious and the service excellent.  I recommend the Crab Rangoon and the April Thai Pasa. Delicious!  April Nine loses a star because the delivery is almost always late.  

                I think the 4.5 is a fair rating. I came here with a friend and we were both able to find street parking in the area without too much trouble. We were getting a fairly late dinner.  When we entered around 8:30pm and it was fairly empty. By the time we ordered food, we were the last patrons there. We were served water without even asking - something I can appreciate.  We glanced over the menu without being rushed or bothered. As soon as we were ready, I looked up, and the waitress came over and took our order. They have a special where you order 3 a la carte dishes, and you get free soup and dessert!   Spicy Mushroom and Tofu Soup - I actually enjoyed this much more than I expected. The broth wasn't over flavoured nor was it bland. It wasn't very spicy, but you can tell that it has a nice kick. The bowl had a lot of mushrooms and tofu! This hot soup was very very enjoyable on a cool day.  Crispy Pork Belly App - I didn't actually read the menu, so I don't know what this dish was actually called, but it was a delicious crispy pork belly. The pork bellies were cut a bit small, but it's somewhat better for sharing with people I guess. I personally enjoy larger cuts with a crispy outside and a tender inside. I enjoyed the flavouring of this. The fresh basil, leafy greens, and red bell peppers was a nice combo.  Red Pumpkin Curry with Beef - I felt like this was a fairly standard red curry, maybe a little better than standard. It wasn't exceptional, nor did it stand out. The bowl of curry is fairly large... the portion size of this was huge, so +1 for that! Definitely for sharing between two people. This place gives a lot of meat and veggies, and that's a good thing!  Three Musketeers - This is a seafood dish with shrimp, scallops, and a single mussel cooked in a spicy broth with onions and basil. This dish was pretty good too. Seafood isn't always the easiest to cook. Everything was just a little bit overcooked, but I don't blame them. This is a 10/11ish dollar dish. Could have given us two mussels though.  Green Tea Creme Brulee - If you have not read my other reviews, I don't have a big sweet tooth. The first bite of this forced me to finish my water. I thought it was too sweet. My friend then ate most of the carmelized sugar off the top and removing some, and when I just ate the green tea creme, it was much much better. Just a personal preference though.   Mango Sticky Rice - This dish was more along my lines. It wasn't overly sweet. The mango was good (not necessarily the best / most ripe or anything). I think a not quite ripe mango is best for this kind of presentation. It maintained some tartness which I enjoyed. This paired with the sticky rice balanced out nicely.  Service was very attentive and friendly. It really makes a difference when people smile. Our waitress smiled the whole time even though it was the end of the day.   Our total came to about 34ish, even though the soup and dessert were free. Ouch. The food was good and the portions were good. Definitely could have had another person help us with this food and still be full. Ideally, this place is perfect for a small group of 3-5. There is plenty of seating too!   Ahh, almost forgot, there's no alcohol here!   So all in all, 4.5 is a fair rating and I had a few very very minor qualms which I think amount to half a star.  I would return, and I would definitely recommend this place!  

                I recently had a holiday party and had food delivered to the site. My party enjoyed the appetizers but they where on time, set up And The price was fantastic. Thank you. Will definitely use them again  

                I would give this place a 4-star rating (as I am definitely a fan), however bug nuisance was a problem. They have no screens on the windows and left the huge door open. It was a warm night, so I can understand wanting the draft. However, me dodging huge flying bugs throughout my meal + large flies hovering around just makes the already empty dining room more depressing.  First of all, this place is dead. They seem to get most of their business through delivery/pick up orders, because although my boyfriend and I were their only table (aside from another solo diner who came after), we still waited a good 30 minutes from when we were seated to getting our first dish/appetizer.  Now onto some GOOD news. They have a GREAT Happy Hour Menu (5pm-7pm DINE IN ONLY) with some good staples.  ~$3.50 MINI PLATE~ Chicken Satay Skewers (3) Crispy Roll Thai Puff  ~$6.50 MEAL DEAL~ CHICKEN OR VEGGIE ONLY Thai Fried Rice Spicy Basil Cashew Chicken or Tofu Pad Thai Pad See Ew Pad Kee Mao Kua Gai  ~$6.50 VEGGIE DEAL~ Chinese Broccoli Eggplant Basil Mix Veggie  ~$1.50 Drink~ Thai Iced Tea Thai Iced Coffee Jasmine Green Iced Tea  We had: - Chicken Satay Skewers: Very tasty. Came with Peanut dipping sauce and some pickled cucumbers. - Pad See Ew with Prawns: Boyfriend said it was too salty, but I thought it was delicious at 12am with munchies - Pad Kee Mao with Chicken: I thought this was great, and for the happy hour price it was definitely worth it. - Red Pumpkin Curry with Chicken Rice Plate: Wish they put more pumpkin pieces and less bamboo shoots. I feel like these dishes are misnamed. I wish it had more pumpkin flavor than just cubes of the cooked vegetable. Taste like any generic red curry with just cubes of pumpkin in it. -Thai Iced Tea: Like from any other place. However, I applaud them for not having 3/4 of the cup filled with ice.  SERVICE: Not terrible, but nothing to write home about. I can appreciate how the server ALWAYS replenished our water glasses without having to call her over. She did check up on us to see how everything was, but a smile wouldn't kill her. As previously stated, it took 30 minutes from the moment we sat down to get our first dish. Something like chicken skewers shouldn't take that long.  I would definitely be back for their happy hour pricing (but not alone! the area is kind of sketch...)  

                This is the second time that I've called in for delivery at April Nine Thai Kitchen. This is also the second time they gave me coffee instead of thai tea. I have NO idea why. But whatever. I'm starving.   When I called, the lady was polite and told me the order will be ready in 50 minutes. The driver was ON TIME. It was literally at 50 minutes as I was walking downstairs to get the order. The driver was the nicest man ever! The food is so good, mangoes salad was fresh, so was the honey grilled pork, it was tender and sweet, the sauce that came with was SPICY but oh soooooo good. The sticky rice was meh. Not the best but everything else is great. I will most definitely continue to order for delivery. I'll even drop by the place next time to try out the environment there.   Minus .5 stars for the drink, and another .5 for the meh sticky rice in the foil wrapper.  Update 01/31/15: the place is nice the location is not so much. You can tell this used to be a Hispanic shop which is pretty cool. I like the design but it threw we off since this is a thai restaurant. The kitchen is completely out in the open with the dining area so you can see how they run, and it is pretty clean from what I saw.   I can see why the delivery or pick up is so much more desirable since the neighborhood isn't great. There were multiple times when an individual would come to our car and look inside, we had to go out there and let it be known we were watching the car. Needless to say, we packed out stuff and ate at home. Also the portions are tiny when dining in! I'm definitely keeping this place under the delivery only belt. I'm also keeping the rating at 4 stars. -0.5 for the weirdo trying to break into our car at 6pm and -0.5 for the tiny dining in portions.  

                This is my go to spot for delivery. The food has been consistently good and tasty, but I feel like they skimp on ingredients a lot. Most recently I ordered the curry noodles with bok choy and chicken to find they put 2 tiny pieces of bok choy and about 4 tiny pieces of chicken. Same thing with the chicken noodle soup and the silver noodle salad I ordered: hardly any chicken. Flavors are always great though, some of my favorites are the Grilled Pork, Summer Rolls, Pad Kee Mao, and the Prik Khing Green Beans. Their vegetables always taste really fresh and blanched perfectly! I will continue to be a customer here.  

                Holy Cow! I have lived in Ingleside for 5 years now. I remember when this restaurant was a shady mexican pizza place with no customers that my friends and I were pretty sure was a front for a meth lab. It has blossomed into a gorgeous restaurant.  The atmosphere and decor is wonderful. The food is so good. In this  culturally vapid section of the city this place is a delicious diamond in the rough. They have the best yellow curry I have ever tasted. Prices are resonable and they have a great happy hour.  

                TERRIBLE ! I ordered delivery and the food was two hours late. There was a hair in my fresh rolls and my food was cold. I did not leave a tip on the receipt and so the delivery guy put in a tip amount without my permission and I only found out by looking at my bank statement!!!! never again  

                The red pumpkin curry here is fantastic! Probably the best I've ever tried. The Tom Yum soup and the Pad Thai was ok... But I mostly just like this place for the pumpkin curry. Service was ok. It was in a sketchy area but in the inside, it was pretty cute with the interior designs. I've also tried the mango sticky rice. It was yummy and perfect for dessert. The jasmine green tea is so addicting. I usually just call for delivery since it's free if you order more than $15!  

                This place is the bomb dot com ( does anybody ever use that phrase anymore). I remember going here when it first open and truthfully I was kind of hesitant- the exterior doesn't look like anything extravagant but the food makes up for it. All the times I have gone, I have ordered the eggplant with tofu dish. All three or four times I have loved it. I also recently found out they have a happy hour from 5-7 Mon-Fri, which means I will be there everyday ( I don't take the phrase starving student lightly haha). the happy hour plates are a bit smaller than you normally would get but for the price I'm ok with that and I love have the thai tea is only $1.50 if you go to HH.  

                This is most definitely one of the top Thai places in the Bay Area. Yeah I said that. We're pretty picky when it comes to Thai good because there are so many options and we've been to so many of them... and it's pretty hard to screw up Thai. But April Nine is just a GEM. The location is terrible - middle of nowhere - basically a residential area in Daly City and the decor is pretty ghetto. There's almost NO ONE there most of the time (I beat people just do pick-up all the time) so seating is never a problem. But the food is just amazingly good. I can't believe people don't flock here.  The curries - thick and flavorful. A 9 across the board. Thai curries are almost universally too watery for me - hard to really carry the full range of flavor when it's so watery. But April Nine does it right. Meat quality is good. Veggies are not overdone.  I don't think I've had a Thai curry that's better anywhere in the Bay Area.  Honey grilled pork - a 9. I know it's kind of a weird dish to highlight on a Thai menu - it's practically Vietnamese - but it's really good. Don't get the sticky rice that comes with it (it's usually super dry and old) get it with just regular rice. It's super good. Puts Vietnamese thit nuong to shame!  Thai fried rice with the chicken cutlet - another wacky dish that just amazing here. The chicken cutlet is so so - but the fried rice is spectacular. I know weird right? Fried rice being amazing at a Thai place? For real.  Anyway, please don't spread the word TOO much about this place because they're basically going to be the go-to place for Thai food for a lot of people if they find out.  

                This is an amazing place. The staff is friendly and the food is great, I also really like the ambiance. Price is reasonable. This is a true hidden gem in the area. Highly recommend,  

                DO NOT EAT HERE. I am not one to ever write review but I think people should know steer clear of this place. I eat Thai a lot and very willing to try new places especially with the high standard of food in the Bay Area BUT..... This place is horrible the food is greasy with no flavor ended up spending over thirty dollars for two mains and starter threw the majority of it in the bin ,ended up having just rice for dinner. Just don't eat here !!!!  

                When a dish is labeled spicy, they're not kidding.  But man, so good.  Honestly, I haven't been back here in 3 months since I moved out of SF.  But next time I'm in the area, I'm coming back.  I don't even remember what I ordered, but the experience was super positive.  The interior has a clean & authentic Thai eatery feel to it (Not that I've ever been to Thailand, but it's kind of how I would imagine a decent establishment there).  The staff are super friendly and offer guidance on food pairings if you're wanting to try something different, and I remember leaving not completely stuff but satisfied with my lunch!  

                This was seriously a hole in the wall place by my house that took over for Venice pizza... but a part of me worries that they didn't make the full transition....1 single solitary Thai waiter..with what looks like a Latin American cooking staff ..I could be wrong.. but from first glance that what it looks like...did king of Thai just outrank someone without having to cook a meal? Oh dear god..  Did someone forget to tell the owner which neighborhood this is? You need someone to cover your back in case you get swamped. The pizza here sucks. And if this place turns out to be good. Your gonna need the help.. ---------------- Precursor-Your complimentary drinking class is clean and clear. You passed inspection at this part.  1st and 10)I'm then only one in here at 7:37 pm and I hear the microwave go off 8mins after I order my meal..  Fried calamari + Chicken pad see eww + Thai ice tea... Which of these would you possibly throw in a microwave?  Now I'm real worried...(-1)  2nd and 15)The calamari was cold in the center of the pieces.. like let your steak fries sit out in the lawn kind of cold center...my fork was hotter than the inside of the calamari pieces..I can see at some point it was fried but wow..... I worry for sure now that this was probably microwaved rather than cooked...I could fry better french fries from Safeway than this..(-1)  3rd and 20) Pad see eww.....you have  flavor in the chicken but geeze. Its not supposed to be this light is it?..theres more grease on here than there is flavor... HOWEVER...its still better than septic tank of a restaurant called Indochine in Palo Alto. ..  If they cut out the amount of grease left on the plate.maybe the flavor will be there. But this is passable in my book. Palo alto sue as heck wasn't.(+1)  4th and 10) they don't skimp you on the chicken servings if you compare it to the portion of noodles.. (+1)  RESULT: TURNOVER ON DOWNS   Clearly air conditioning isn't a problem cause the inside feels like Lucas Oil stadium with the roof open. Most places are stuffy as hell...  Get your cooking standards together . That shouldn't be too hard since you guys aren't even at half capacity yet at the moment.  

                After moving to the Ingleside area, I was really disappointed at the lack of available eateries within walking distance of my apartment.  Normally I found myself hopping in the car and driving to Daly City or the Sunset for a meal out, but April Nine Thai Kitchen popped up on my radar when searching for dinner.  It was a short walk from my place so, in the spirit of walking to dinner in this new neighborhood, hoofed it over.  It's a brand new restaurant in a pretty spartan space but they've got a huge, open kitchen that looks out over the dining room.  My girlfriend and I were quickly seated and given basic menus that definitely remind you of a mom and pop shop.  There weren't hundreds of dishes on the menu as you might be used to from most Thai restaurants, but it's exactly what you want, simple.  We ordered the fried calamari to share and I went with the green curry with chicken while she chose the herbal beef, both over rice.  The flavors were spot on and I was really into my curry.  The beef was yummy too, but I wouldn't say that the beef was of the best quality.  However, for the price, I'll give it a pass.  Prices are very reasonable, some might say cheap.  For a new family business, I'd say it was a great value, especially when you factor in that they even offer free delivery.  Service was a friendly, with an acceptable pace, and we didn't feel like it was overly slow or anything.  I'd say this place was comparable to a King of Thai Noodle actually.  Overall, I was a huge fan since it's so close to home, and will be back many times to come.  Food: 8/10  Service: 7/10  Price: $$  Atmosphere: 7/10  

                Pleased with my delivery order! But it took a really long time.. So expect an hour wait :(   I liked everything. Mango stickey rice and tom yum noodle was bomb!  

                this place should just rent out a kitchen and focus on delivery  

                Went here for the fist time had a community meeting and they had out food for all to enjoy and it was very good !! The plating was Mickey done the atmosphere was open and clean not to mention good music!! Had a sample of everything here and there but over all what I did try was delicious wish I could of stayed longer and ordered dinner !! I'm definitely coming back!!!!  

                Still delivers good food. Have replaced the furniture with more appropriate tables and chairs.   One thing still needing attention is the pricing, it's actually very, very expensive compared to some of the more established places, and they have more welcoming surroundings. For example, a basic rice plate and tap water for lunch cost me about $13. Portions were not huge, and no side dishes. At any other Thai place in town you can get out for about $10 which would include a salad or something, occasionally even a drink. Seems that delivery and takeout are the bulk of the business, but a reasonably priced set plate would make the trip and neighborhood worth enduring. Still friendly people and good tasting, I wish them luck!  

                Place is fairly nice. The outside doesn't seem the most appealing to the eye.   The inside is modern, with a thai atmosphere. The portion size to cash ratio is fair.   However, i will say that the taste is definitely a 5 star! It's amazing. The yellow curry is a nice blend of sweet with texture! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to try exotic foods!  

                Don't judge a book by it's cover, I came here with trepidation and was pleasantly surprised.  I'm hooked, their food is delicious! You definitely have to try the green tea creme brulee, i could eat that all day long.  The staff is very friendly as well.  

                It's great to (finally!) have a good restaurant in the neighborhood. We've had a few issues with delivery but they're always quick to take care of whatever comes up. Their sticky rice and pad see eww are awesome.  We just ordered last night and saw that they've added Crab Rangoon to the menu, and they rocked! Since I moved here 15 years ago I haven't been able to find decent Crab Rangoon (or "cream cheese crab puffs", as they're often called here) anywhere in the city. April 9's were great, though!  P.S. I see some people have made comments about the neighborhood, and if you think this is a bad neighborhood you've obviously never been to a bad neighborhood. It's a very family-oriented neighborhood, and a few people of color on the street do not make it dangerous.  

                It is a shame when you spend your money on food that ends up tasting horribly.   I had the Pad Thai, Crispy rolls, and thai tea. Crispy Rolls- were soggy, the pad thai was really gross, the sauce they use it is not normal pad thai sauce and the tofu tastes horrible- ended up not eating it. The only thing that was ok was the Tea. I will not be going again.  

                I usually crave Thai food, but I hate going out to find a good place. I usually order delivery at April nine kitchen and they are very good with your order. The wait is pretty long, but at the same time it is worth it. I usually love getting their Thai fried rice, and yellow curry, mix it together and it's a good duo. The Thai tea is refreshing to drink with my meal. Love ordering from this place!  

                IN SHORT, BUGS IN THE FOOD.  So in my first review I mentioned how scary the kitchen looks and how dirty the place is, hence I only order take-out.    My FINAL takeout order from them arrived on time for once!  We were happy.  There were no mistakes with our order! Very happy so far.  We found some sort of maggot type bugs in our noodles!  Not happy.  Very sad. Why!!!!  Your food tastes so good but now I will never eat your food again.  I am happy to eat bugs if they're supposed to be in the food, but this indicates something else.  If you can allow that many bugs into one plate of food, how relaxed must the hygiene be?  After this meal, I felt ill.  Probably psychosomatic as I ate most of the food before finding the bugs.  

                I use to LOVE this place. I would order at least three times a month. They were the only good delivery in the neighborhood. However this last experience really turned me off. They now charge $1.50 to deliver which I think is extremely rude since without delivery they would be out of business, their location is awkward and not inviting so you only would want to eat it delivered. You shouldn't nickle and dime your only customers. Aside from this, their portions have decreased by half and their prices are still the same. I use to be able to order two entrees, appetizer and rice for two people and we'd have plenty for lunch the next day but not anymore. Really sad to see my favorite delivery get greedy. Will give them another chance when I am desperate however I don't foresee these things changing.  

                I literally created an account just to warn people about this place. I saw that it was close to my house and got a pretty good rating so I thought I would give it a try. I called in a delivery and it took 2 plus hours to get to us! We live 15 minutes away. So frustrating I have never waited so long for delivery in my life. Finally the food arrives and the food is nothing but disapointing. Ugh! Save your time and money.  

                Terrible service. Food was late. Refused to give discount. Just rude. Food not worth the wait either.  

                UNPROFESSIONAL and RACIST DELIVERY GUY  DO NOT EAT HERE.  Just ordered food here tonight, Friday 6:30pm Nov. 22nd 2013.  I ordered the first time, and it was fine... not great, but fine. The delivery guy seemed decent enough.  The second time, I did not have cash on me and apologized to him and told him that the next time I would double his tip. Despite this, he acted as if he didn't want to give me my food by hesitating before handing it to me.  I am eating my food and realize that there are only 1.5 pieces of shrimp in my papaya salad compared to the 4 pieces of shrimp the first time I ordered.  I called the restaurant to let them know about the inconsistency in their entrees and the behavior of their extremely rude and unprofessional delivery guy. The initial person I spoke to apologized to me and said that they would do better next time.  THEN, this is where it gets really good. Are you ready?  THE DELIVERY GUY CALLS MY CELLPHONE and LEAVES A VOICE MESSAGE insulting me by telling me that I should order Chinese Food because Thai food is for tipping customers. In addition, he accused me of being a horrible person who deserves to eat Chinese food instead of Thai food.  Clearly, this is RACISM. He quickly went from insulting me, to insulting the general Chinese population.  Then he tells me that if I have a problem, then I can tell him directly.  (OKAY.. last time I checked, I already experienced puberty. I'm an ADULT, as he SHOULD ALSO BE, but I guess some people do not grow up. He should have just said, "meet me after school in the playground so I can kick your ass")  *** Not very bright of him to leave such a VOICE MESSAGE degrading Chinese people... because there are A LOT of us. This is also permissible in court if I ever choose to use it. ***  Back to my story . . .  So, I am livid. I called the restaurant and asked for the supervisor but instead, got THE DELIVERY GUY who began raising his voice with me and refused to allow me to speak to the owner. This guy is a horrible reflection on the restaurant and the owners. It shows his lack of respect for the business and for his bosses. As I reminded him that I tipped him the first time I ordered, he accused me of not giving him enough.  (1. This is complete uncivilized behavior. I guess you can take the man out of the Third World, but not the Third World out of the man.  2. That is what tipping means. You get what you earned. If you want more, then do better... NOT WORSE.)  It reflects poorly on his owners as they are getting the short end of the stick by having him do their bidding. I'm sure this guy has gotten away with a lot of horrible behavior. His comfort level in being so argumentative and child-like with customers makes it apparent that his owners are being taken advantage of.  There is a recession right now. There are other Thai people who would be so happy to take his place.  NEVER ORDERING HERE AGAIN.  This is the kind of shady business where even if they offered you free food, you should probably pass or end up in the hospital with food poisoning.  Well.. all I have to say is this is why there are delivery people and there are other people who actually make a difference in the world and influence the future of society.  This is San Francisco. YOU HAVE CHOICES. CHOOSE WISELY.  

                Note to future self: Your wife found this place on <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Feat24.com&s=f6a43a39d83313a99e0c9648cc2dfb057d7893980b27777fec0cb32d6333a670" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">eat24.com</a> and ordered pad thai (of course), pumpkin curry, yellow curry, rice and cucumber salad for delivery.  When the order arrived it was still hot & steamy and smelled really good from a few feet away.  You thought the pad thai was legit and you "had no complaints" about any of the food, which is your stoic way of saying you really liked it. They give lemon slices instead of lime, but it worked okay.  If you had let it get cold you might've had a reason to complain, but as long as you eat it while its still steaming you'll be happy.  One observation: Steph and I each got one plate of rice and pad thai but there is still 25-30% of the curries left. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. I suspect you ended up just drinking them after you finished writing this review. You pig.  You gave this meal 4 stars even though you were super grumpy all day. Steph would vote somewhere between 4 and 5.  Considering our experience with restaurants we found in the past on eat24 (usually gross) I'd say this restaurant and/or delivery driver is a gem.  You'd definitely order from them again.  

                Even though this place seems pretty sketchy, their food was surprisingly good. My chubbycheeks girlfriend had the pad thai and it was alright, nothing great. On the hand, my 3 musketeers was so good that I took it home and finished every last bit of it. I also had the ribs which was pretty tender. Next time I would just order Togo because I wouldn't recommend walking around that area at night..  

                Very good! Went here tonight and had the Pad See Ew. I liked that it wasn't very greasy and still tasted delicious. The service was quick and the people were friendly. Looking forward to trying other dishes next time.  

                First time, I ordered the crispy pork belly and it was meh Ok, second time, I ordered pad thai and it wasn't nothing special, but the third time, I ordered the Grilled Asian Beef and it was amazing. The meat was cooked perfectly, their sauce was freaking good and the pineapple salad, well, I never thought pineapple salad could taste so delicious.  

                Sticky rice with mango!! Soft and warm sticky rice with coconut milk on top comes along with juicy mango make your meal perfect. Don't miss!!  

                Food: 3/5 Price: $ (average) Portion: 3.5/5 Service: 5/5 Appearance: 2.5/5 Presentation of food: 3/5 OVERALL: 3/5  Came here not too long ago with a few co-workers of mine, this place is very close to them and to my mother's place. So I thought I'd give them some business, because I like to try new places. Great service, friendly and kind. I ordered their Fried Chicken over fried rice, but the chicken portion I felt jipp'd. The chicken pieces are so teeny tiny and the meat is like flat as paper, I felt like I was just eating batter... The fried rice itself was good. Had their Thai Ice Tea, very good!! Not too sweet and just enough. Had their fried calamari appetizer, quite tasty! Their green tea creme brulee is really good! Do give this place a try if  you are in the area. But I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.  

                My go to place when I'm dying from hunger. Love their chicken skewers and fried rice. I usually also get their pad thai and sticky rice which is okay.  

                I have ordered delivery here a few times. I have had the pad thai (it's alright), Tom kha soup with chicken (yum!) and vegetable (meh), pad see ew (delicious!), sticky rice with mango (yum), and their jasmine green iced tea (really good!). One thing to note is that be sure to not under estimate their level of spiciness. I can eat spicy food but their spicy kept me from finishing my food. There was a ton of chili pepper in my soup and noodle dish! Overall, decent delivery thai restaurant to hanker your cravings!  

                Dress warm...this place is cold.  The fried rice was pretty okay and so was the Panang curry.  We felt the rice is a little under cooked and the tastes were a little flat. The Tom Kha was the star...with an amazing tartness and fresh ingredients. When in crunch, definitely a place to go for Thai Fix.  

                This neighborhood has been in need of a good restaurant, any good restaurant, for a long time. Pretty much since the Mexican place called Martha's closed at this location years ago. I personally am more than pleased that it is (currently) Thai, one of my favs!  I won't pretend to know all there is to know about Thai food, but April Nine definitely has the basics down. Pad Thai yum! Hope this place sticks around.  

                Fresh food! Convenient! Mostly, I love the fact you can pre-order at Eat24, makes life so much easier!  I normally get the summer roll, which is great for afternoon snacks! Haven't tried much other selection yet.  

                Great find! Thank you yelp! I was a little scared from some of the bad reviews- but it's  just as good as OSHA or marnee! Except this  place is 2 minutes from me and cheaper!... Very friendly service. LOVED the curry noodle and eggplant... Pad Thai was good too. They even peeled the shrimp- points! Fresh ingredients, open and clean kitchen. All good. Will definitely be back- I think I just found my go to Thai place!  Me likey  

                a thai place that has taken open what appears to have been a mexican taqueria. solid thai food decently pried  

                I was around the area near dinner time and was craving Thai food. I used my handy dandy Yelp app expecting it to send me to King of Thai, but was pleasantly surprised with April Nine Thai Kitchen instead. I called in and ordered to go. When I arrived at the restaurant, the exterior was pretty unassuming. It looked nothing like a restaurant and made me a little apprehensive. The food totally made up for it though. I ordered a pad thai for my friend, which she enjoyed. I knew I wanted some kind of curry. After browsing the menu, I was set on having the lychee duck curry. I hadn't seen that on any other Thai menu before, so I was excited to give it a shot. So glad I did! I know it sounds strange but the sweetness of the lychee really complimented the creamy, spicy curry well. So good with rice!  

                I seriously order the coconut soup everyday. I loooove it!   The summer rolls with tofu are also super deliciously tasty.   The staff is always so nice! They were closing up last night and I happened to be walking by with my dog and of course I was craving the Tom Khai, so I popped my head in and asked if it was too late to order it and the said no and made it for me even though they just closed.   So-this place kicks ass.  

                Rated 3 stars because I don't know any other nearby Thai place. The food wasn't bad and there was absolutely nobody in there when we went. The price wasn't bad, it was reasonable. I would probably go again because it's so nearby to state.  

                Pretty good Thai food. 3.5 is fair for this place actually. I really like the tom yum soup. The calamari here is not really special though, i hope they can make a better sauce for it.  The price is reasonable and it is good to know they accept delivery. I would try their service next time anyway since it is close to my house.  

                Out of the two times I've ordered from this location, I've never been disappointing. I find that the menu has a great variety of items while also having some interesting gems like the Green Tea Creme Bruleé. When I got there today, I was half an hour late from my pickup time due to a detour I took to get around the 19th Ave traffic. When I walked in, it was like the guy instinctively knew that I was there for pickup, while also I saw no one sitting inside the restaurant. He was also genuinely concerned about the food as he said that he was worried that it would get too cold before I got there and that's something anyone can appreciate from an establishment. I hope in the future this place gets better foot traffic as it's right next to the M Ocean View.   Whenever I get a craving for yellow curry and peanut sauce, I'll be sure to always come back to April Nine.  

                I placed a delivery order, maybe this place is rated so high for its decor and service because the food sucked. They forgot my rice for my beef mango which barely had any beef and the veggies were all hard. I got calamari too and it was the MOST DISGUSTING CALAMARI IVE EVER HAD. It had funnel cake batter and was sooo rubbery.  

                Tasty food and convenient location.  

                The pumpkin curry is amazing!  The calamari is a hit or miss but the sauce that goes with it is always on point.  

                Don't have much to add as far as review goes, but here's why I would come back:  -Food is good. Nice and spicy! -Food is reasonably priced. -You can pre-order on EAT24. -They deliver. -Workers seem nice, offered water even when just picking up orders. -Parking is decent.  

                It was around 930..Tuesday evening.. I ordered takeout... chicken wings pad Thai and barbecue pork.  The chicken wings tasted like warmed up roundtable chicken wings...  padThai full of soy very little chicken.. Little flavor.... BBQ pork was ok.. I should've had Cheerios... Two stars because I'm a nice guy...  

                This place is hidden in Ingleside Heights. Thanks to app "Eat", I found this place and it's very close to my house. I always order out or pick up. I'm sure if they have done in. Anyway, the pumpkin curry is my favorite dish and many other dishes here. It's almost 5-star accept the small portion of all dishes here.  

                When I had just now decided to write a review on this place I could not believe it when I saw how many good reviews this place had. I ordered some pad Thai from this place a couple weeks ago and I was so disappointed I didn't even eat it and threw it away. It was disgusting and the worst Thai food I've ever had. The meat didn't look ok and I didn't even want to try eat, the noddles where not even close to what I usually have when I eat pad Thai. I'm seriously shocked that people actually like this place.  I only give one star, and that one is for the nice delivery guy and his daughter who dropped of the food at my house  

                First time trying delivery from this Thai spot, and I have to say that I am very pleased. I ordered the Panang curry, pumpkin curry, Thai fried rice with chicken, and a Thai iced tea. Panang: tasty sauce, a little too mild for me (I ordered medium and it felt like mild), and the ingredients felt fresh. 3/5 Pumpkin: another tasty sauce, same mild issue, although I didn't feel like I had two fully distinguishing dishes with these two curries. They are pretty similar. 3.5/5 Fried rice: very tasty, although I have had a few that were better than theirs. Not enough of that Thai flavor that you crave when compared to Chinese fried rice. 4/5 Iced tea: delicious, as everyone else said. Grab one! Delivery: I ordered through Yelp and eat 24 and I have to say that I am very pleased with the service. It quoted me at 75 minutes, but they delivered in under 45! Very quick. 5/5 Overall: I would definitely eat here again, but there a quite a few better Thai spots out there. Make sure you order extra rice, since the curries are Ala carte.  3.5/5  

                I found this restaurant on Grub Hub and was excited to try it out. I ordered the Cod Peppercorn, Jasmine Iced Green Tea, and Crispy Rolls.  I accidentally ordered it for pickup, and quickly called the restaurant to change it. The woman who spoke with me was very nice and quick to please. I was very happy with her service. The crispy rolls were delicious, and came with a delicious sweet & sour dipping sauce.  The Jasmine Iced Green Tea was also delicious. Not too sweet, and you could taste the jasmine, as well as the green tea.  Also, the man who delivered my food was nice and polite, which I appreciated.   I would have given this place five stars if the cod wasn't disgusting. It was soggy, didn't taste fresh, and the portion was ridiculously small for the $9 that I paid for it. There were maybe 5 or 6 bite size pieces of soggy cod, a few bay leaves, and a HUGE side of rice.  If I wanted to pay $9 for rice, I would have gone grocery shopping.   That was the only bad thing about the place, though.  Note added around an hour later: I am now extremely nauseous. I took Lactaid, so it is not my lactose intolerance. It is either the cod, or something in the crispy rolls.  Either way, I will not be more than a few steps from the bathroom for the night.  

                We came here for a quick dinner before a movie in Daly City. The decor is rather nice but the restaurant looks a little confused: nice trees and plant life decals on the wall, nice tables but very mismatching upholstered chairs, not relevant to the food but still a point to notice.  Service was really quick, though they got our order wrong (beef instead of prawns for the pad see ew), we didn't bother changing it since it was still very tasty.  We tried the Beef Pad See Ew and the Chicken Yellow Curry. The Pad See Ew was very good, the beef wasn't as perfectly seasoned but the broccoli and flat noodles were perfect.  The yellow curry may have been the best I've had, well seasoned, exactly right viscosity and plenty of meat and potatoes.  It's kind of in the middle of nowhere, which might explain the lack of people there; but still worth going to!  

                I ordered delivery. The price and portions are very decent. The portions are not huge, but good enough. What you would expect from quality food.  Pad Kee Mao (Drunken Noodle/ Stir-fried Spicy Noodles): The noodles themselves were very delicious and extra wide. I ordered a vegetarian version that came with tofu. I also asked for very spicy, but as a person who made sure to ask for 'very spicy' this spice level didn't deliver for me. It may be that they use fresh peppers or that they simply don't use the spicy thai chills. But the taste was overall good.  Spicy Wings: The menu said it was supposed to be sweet and spicy, but it wasn't sweet at all. The delivery box made the wings not crispy but soggy, and I wasn't expecting it to be deep-fried either. Can't judge it too much because it seems the way it was delivered ruined the taste  Crying Tiger Salad: I usually love eating this dish. When made correctly, it is sooooo delicious. I also asked for extra spicy for this dish, but it was not made as spicy as I would have liked it despite the name. The beef was too tough which is really disappointing, but the flavor is all there and fairly tasty.  Sticky rice: Good. My family is from Laos, and I have many relatives in Thailand. Sticky rice is staple item more so in Laos than Thailand. And this sticky rice reminded me of home.   Jasmine Green Tea: I think they use pandan leaves to make the tea. I don't taste any jasmine at all. The extraction/juice of pandan leaves have an herb-like flavor similar to that of jasmine. Pandan leaves are used in a lot of Vietnamese/ southeast asian desserts. The taste was average. I would have preferred more milk because it was too sweet for my liking.  Green Tea Creme Brulee: The crystallized layer was too thick, but it was very hard. It usually test my creme brulee before I eat it by tapping my spoon lightly on the surface to see how hard (or not hard) it is. But the top layer was too thick. The custard tastes good. Pretty good for delivery dessert but still $4. The caramelization tasted a bit burnt in some parts that I had to spit those parts out.   - I want to give 3.5 stars, but I really can't give 4 stars because the beef was way too tough in the crying tiger salad.  

                Okay.  1stand4most, went here late in the evening.  Driving there and seeing the place.  It was sus (as in suspicious).  We, nonetheless, walked inside.  Once inside, it was even more sus.  However, the food was good, the flavor was well balanced, and the service was fast.  Parking is definitely a challenge since it's located in a residential area.  Would come back though.  Also, if you live within a 5-mile radius, they deliver.  So there you go.  

                I came here because of the review and when I ate the food I was disappointed because the food was sour and wasn't good at all. I don't know how people give them a 4 or 5. I'm part Thai and its not up to par. The Pad Thai was dry, very little meat and so sour. The fried rice was good though. The Tom Kha was very sour. I would not trust Yelp anymore. It's also expensive!  

                dishes are like an lunch meal, comes with rice and side salad.  yellow curry is done well.  pad thai is a bit sweet.  the appetizer veggie roll is very tasty, in a sweet/sour dipping sauce.  Chicken wings are like and probably are from Costco frozen spicy wings.  Beef Green curry is excellent.  catfish is too salty.  great for delivery service in the area.  

                As I was exploring Eat24 looking for food delivery, I saw the name of this new Thai restaurant. I decided to not be lazy and drive over. In a quiet residential neighborhood a stone's throw from 19th Ave and Juniperro Serra, one look at the menu made me interested because of some of the unique items. I followed the advice of other Yelpers and got the crispy pork belly and red pumpkin curry. Both were amazing. All the food was fresh and enjoyable. Great thai iced coffee (not too sweet, not watered down). The coconut cake for dessert was amazing. Street parking is decent and the M line stops nearby.  

                The words "hidden gem" were made for this wonderful new Thai restaurant.  People don't go to this neighborhood to eat.  In fact, all you'll find on the block is a corner store and a laundromat.  But don't be put off by the sparse surroundings - there is some excellent food being cooked inside.  I've had take out from there twice, and I can honestly recommend every dish I had.  It's not your run-of-the-mill Thai food, but full of flavor and freshness.  I love the Chicken Satay, Crispy Rolls, Summer Rolls, Tom Yum Noodle Soup, Larb Gai, Crying Tiger Salad (beef salad), Herbal Beef, and Red Pumpkin Curry.  The menu is extensive, offering hard-to-find items such as Soft Shell Crab and Catfish, so I still have much to try.  The people are great, and the dine-in part of the place is sparse, like the neighborhood - but they're working on that.    West Portal folks, take note - this is better than any Thai place you'll find in the WP, and worth the extra mile to get there.  

                delivery was free and on time!   green tea creme brulee - so good.  thai iced tea - fine pad thai - king of thai's is better but i enjoyed this anyway  so yeah go ahead and eat here and be glad that they deliver  

                The food in my opinion is very good here.  I usually get the yellow curry and they don't mess that up do what else could you want?  That being said I'm sure there are much better thai food places in the city.  

                As a fussy fussy half Thai lady, this place really isn't too bad. The owners are actually Thai which is always nice, and the thai iced tea is on point. I always get pad see ew (I have given up on finding a dry and spicy Pad Thai like I would in Thailand) and it is seasoned well and very tasty. I have also tried a few other things and have liked them all. No complaints! Oh, and I always order takeaway, they could use some sprucing up of the restaurant itself.  

                I don't understand the high reviews. It was mediocre pad Thai....you have to use their peanut sauce sauce for any real flavor. Sticky rice was dry and fried egg I bought on the side had a bad taste. Wish I could get my $ back.  

                I always love their food, nice and fresh. Their Pad Se Ew is very delicious and not overly sauced. I am also hopelessly addicted to the Crispy Pork Belly which I have yet to find anywhere else. The delivery is always within the time they say it is and their dine in service is always professional. I also love that when they can they accommodate special requests (like more vegetables, no green onion, etc.). The only reason they do not get a full five stars is because even though the calamari was delicious it was over breaded and a bit chewy. I will continue to order from them regardless.  

                Found this place via Yelp and surprised that I've never heard of it. This place is pretty good. The food's good; I ordered the red pumpkin curry with chicken, which I enjoyed very much. The only problem with this place is the portion size of the dishes. Despite ordering from the a la carte menu, it was barely enough for me and my friend. Luckily we weren't starving or else we would have finished all of our food and would have still been starving.   Also if you're ordering curry, I don't recommend ordering fried rice because if you put the curry on the rice, you won't be able to experience the flavors of the fried rice. I don't know why we didn't think of that before we spent the extra money for fried rice.  

                Like lots of others have already commented, I'm so glad April Nine opened up since our neighborhood is starved for good eat-in restaurants of any type, Thai or otherwise.  I'm even happier to report that April Nine lives up to expectations and I too plan to be a regular here.  One evening I got take-out for the family: the yellow curry with chicken, the pad thai with prawns, and the spicy catfish.  All were really good, especially the curry, and I'm looking forward to exploring more of their menu.  The service was friendly and attentive, so I'm not overly concerned that there was a small mix-up and my dishes were not ready for pick-up at the time I'd requested--I believe it was their third day being open and those small kinks get worked out over time.  They corrected very quickly and, as the Bard once said, all's well that ends well.  After second visit, I'm more in love with this place.  The Basil Chicken is absolutely delicious, and the dining room is really starting to come together with stenciled trees on the walls and a lovely shade of pale green lightly off-setting the white, as well as tiny hanging plant geraniums.  It's delicate and playful and creates a nice mood for lunch on a summer day.  Service is friendly, all is well at April Nine.  One more update: I've tried at least a half-dozen more menu items now and they've all been really good (or better), but today topped them all.  I tried the Herbal Beef as a rice plate, and it was superb, so I'm upping my rating from 4 to 5 stars.  Their cook is an artist.  Period.  The dining room also continues to come together and I'm starting to see more people eating in when I go.  I so hope that April Nine succeeds...try them and you will, too.  

                Yellow Curry: not the best I've had but flavorful and good balance of veggies and chicken. I will be getting this again.   Crispy Roles: really good!   Delivery: faster than promised, (30 minutes, they said 1 hour)  I'm happy this place is close by and convenient!  

                Came here with my family around 6 since it's rather new and the closest thai restaurant ( pretty sure this used to be a pizza place) It's surprisingly empty on a friday night but over the 2hr course we spent here there were many phone calls and deliveries The restaurant looks small from the outside but is huge inside Service was great and the place is neat and clean The food took awhile in the beginning but came altogether mid way Lemongrass fish and pad thai were average Was disappointed by the small portions/high prices of most dishes and the difference between the a la carte/rice plate ( main problem ) Examples: Panang curry with beef rice plate                     Tom yum and tom kha soup (alright but tiny)                     Mango beef w/ rice (beef was bit dry and burnt) Recommened: Sticky rice with mango                              Grilled pork w/ rice                              Eggplant basil a la carte                              take out/delivery Not my go to thai place but it's in the neighborhood/convenience  

                Yummy I found this restaurant on eat24 and I'm thrilled to find a good Thai place for delivery.  I ordered shrimp pad thai, thai iced tea and tom yum soup.  Prices are very reasonable for Thai food in SF.     I devoured the Pad Thai which was very fresh and almost  perfectly cooked.  The tofu was great in itself that I almost didn't need the shrimps.  They didn't skimp on shrimps either, hate when places give you 2 shrimps and expect you to be satisfied. The only thing missing was the peanuts but I didn't request that in my order.  Thai iced tea was a tad watery but the ice probably melted on the way.  Tomorrow I'll try the Tom Yum for lunch ~The delivery man was really friendly so I'll have to order when I'm extremely lazy again!  

                I don't know why people rated the pad Thai high when it tasted pretty mediocre compared to other pad Thais I've had, what made it better was dousing it in peanut sauce. However the pad see ew was delicious and the peanut sauce made it to die for! I used the rest of the peanut sauce for my fried rice haha if you get it to go it is also good with toast in the morning. Oh and the friend egg we got sucked and the amount of rice we got for the side also was very little. The Thai iced tea was delicious, I mean it's hard to messed that up haha. I would only go back for the pad see we but again I've had better  

                The food was delicious and the price great. I ordered online and the portions were big enough for a leftover lunch tomorrow.  The only issue I had was the time it took for the delivery, I had to call 24h to ask about my order because they were late. Fortunately they came right after that, and the food made the it worth it  

                The food here is what makes this place great. Although it's kind of in an odd location within a crummy neighborhood, we actually live really close by so we decided to check it out. Having read some of the reviews here already, we had higher expectations, but they were completely exceeded.   To start, we had the crispy rolls. They are sort of like imperial rolls but a bit sweeter and they come with sweet and sour sauce. They make for a great appetizer. The red pumpkin curry was fantastic. Great taste and comes in a huge bowl if you order "a la carte". The soft shell crab over fried rice was very well done, and I highly recommend it. It comes with about 3 small crabs that are fried in a very tasty batter. The fried rice that comes with it is surprisingly delicious and could make an excellent dish on its own.   Overall, it's a great place with great Thai food and I hope more people will discover it through these reviews.  

                This place is the bomb!!! Cheap and hella good. One of the best thai foods I've ever had at such a cheap price. They got big portions. Love the pad see ew, pad thai, and crispy chicken fries rice  

                This is my "go to" place.  Everything is so good.  My fave is the pork belly and pad c u!  The guys are very friendly and so quick to deliver.  

                I got the pad Thai, Thai iced tea, green tea creame brulee and extra peanut sauce.  Every single thing was delicious. The green tea creame brulee was AWESOME. Very subtle but delicious green tea taste with a perfect crust. The pad thai was great but get the extra peanut sauce. You get a crapload of it for $2 and it just MAKES the entire meal better. There's so much you're guaranteed leftover of it to use as you wish. Again though, MAKE SURE TO GET THE GREEN TEA CREME BRULEE. Its $4 but worth it. Will order on the regular from them now. Great job April Nine!  

                My new regular spot for Thai food to go! The interior still has it's taqueria origins but it's about the food. You may feel that it's not pure Thai - some dishes feel like Chinese/Thai hybrid but as you can see from the other reviews it's off the beaten path and the dishes are better than you might expect.  

                Although I've never physically been to this restaurant I order delivery from them all the time. I love most of everything I ordered: my personal favorite include the Red Pumpkin Curry and Pad Thai. I would highly recommend this place to anyone craving Thai.  

                Came here because I've been wanting to try it for so long and I gotta say that it was very satisfactory! The chicken pad Thai was excellent as it was very flavorful. Also, the beef soup was so good it was hot and it had the right amount of beef and the right amount of noodles. The last thing that I have to say about the items is that the Thai iced tea was excellent. The restaurant itself is very spacious and it's easy to find a table at night. The staff was friendly to my partner and I so I really appreciated that.  

                Best thai food I ever had!! I ordered food for home delivery and they got the order in 30 mins in SF traffic!!! They save the phone number and even the order. Next time when I called, they had my order details and it took only 5 mins for me to complete. Really loved the service!! :) outstanding food and service. Surely recommend.  

                Kinda a bummer, but last two times at this restaurant, the food was not as good as the first few times. The dreaded microwave is in use on some dishes and this impacted the flavor. I don't have the nerve to ask them not so use it and just cook with the gas stove. Hence, I guess that I just won't go back. I was excited to find a good  Thai restaurant next my house. Bummer.  

                Won't be back as of April 3!  

                Love this place for some quick and delicious Thai. Always get the chicken Pad Thai and Mango Sticky Rice for something a little sweet. Their soups are awesome too. Used the online pick-up and got a call about 8-10 mins after ordering. Greeted with a smile this place is for sure worth checking out~  

                I was thrilled to finally go to this fantastic little gem! The interior design is elegant and adorable, the food is phenomenal and served beautifully, and the service is fantastic! My date and I had the chicken curry and the tropical pork and the dishes were beautifully served on lovely plates. I especially love how flavorful and clean the dishes tasted, absolutely perfect- not too salty or bland or anything. I highly recommend it!  

                Ordered the jasmine green tea, pumpkin curry, and pad Thai! It was all delicious! I can't help but be addicted to the jasmine green tea. The pumpkin curry and pad Thai  was sweet, and delicious. Must try!  

                This place is amazing. I had to come on and put my two cents in because they don't seem to have any online presence yet. When I first drove by and tried to Google the name, nothing came up. It's a shame, because the chef/owner went to a fancy culinary school and makes delicious food.  I ordered Pad See-Ew, and my husband ordered Yellow Thai Curry. The veggies were fresh and the sauces were perfect. The food came out quickly and we were well attended to. The kitchen area seemed very clean. For dessert, I had chocolate cake and my husband had green tea creme brule!  Let's keep this place going, because as other suggest, our neighborhood is severely lacking in good restaurants. I hope they survive and that I start to see more people in the dining room when I drive by or stop in!  

                Cute place to grab some really great thai food. They have a great selection and its a nice place to meet with friends. I love all their salads and the grilled pork dish. Pick up and delivery is fast and easy. Why aren't there more people eating here?!  

