                Everytime we visit this spot it is enjoyable!!  Last night they had a really cool Blues Duo playing live..  This is a must try if your ever in the area!!!  

                This place was recommended so highly that I think I'm mostly disappointed because of the hype. But if you want to talk barbecue, and this place is not good barbecue.  I'll caveat this by saying I didn't get to try the brisket but I got the spread understanding by having the ribs (dry and uneven) and the tri-tip (ugh so dry and chewy) which in the barbecue world are the two indicators of grilling capabilities.   The Blues thing and the tap list are cute. You could probably mask the barbecue's flaws with sauce and slapping it in a sandwich.  

                I was busy fishing (not catching) wife was busy sight seeing.  She picks me up and says "I know where we are eating."  Parking can be tough.  Tight street.  Small lot.  The smell of bbq smoke very present even out on the street.  Walk through the door and you can be a little confused.  When we went, there was a lady and a guy standing behind 2 separate counters.  The counter to the left has a huge chalk board of their menu.  To the right, something like 39 beers on tap menu.  Just ask for the paper version of their menu.  Much easier.  Tables are first come first taken.  You must order at the counter.  On our visit, it was the right counter.  Wife chose their salad.  I got a full rack of baby back.  Nothing special with salad.    The rack was more then special.  Meat very tender with the perfect pink ring known to bbq'ers.  The meat very smokey.  This could be a great thing or make a very dissatisfied customer.  I normally don't like a ton of smoke, but went well with their sauce.  They have two dispensers of bbq sauce.  One normal.  The other spicy.  The spicy type where you want more.  Not fire hot, but enough to warm your taste buds.  I saved about half of the ribs for left overs.  I added the spicy sauce.  Warmed them up at work the next day and they were better then the day I ordered them.  6-9 pm they have live music.  I have no idea who was playing, but they were entertaining.  Enjoy the food, take some home, enjoy your surroundings.  And remember, the wet naps are next to the sauce pumps :)  

                First and maybe most importantly, the best tap list I've ever seen at a BBQ joint.  Bigger problem, I'm not certain how much of a BBQ joint this is. The good: Firebird sandwich, garlic bread and the potato salad. The bad: the trip tip sandwich. The ugly: the cole slaw.   I appreciate Californians trying BBQ, but if you're from any of the meccas of BBQ like KC, Memphis, North Carolina or like me, Texas, calling this place an excellent BBQ joint is laughable.  Good atmosphere with a small parking lot and plenty of street parking available.  

                Very delicious but they were sold out of most things. We'll go early next time. Otherwise, tri-tip and pulled pork were excellent!  

                In the area and needing some grub, we stopped by Aptos St. BBQ as it was highly regarded by Yelpers.  Initial indications were good.  Lots of cars in and around the joint and lots of people inside.  It's apparently quite popular out there.  When we entered we got the initial disappointment of items that were sold out...such is life when coming for a late (relatively - 1:30 PM) lunch.  No brisket or hot links - exactly what I wanted to try!  We settled for pulled pork and tri-tip w/sides of potato salad and garlic bread.  Food came out in about 25-30 mins.  IMO the food was just okay.  The tri-tip was cooked well but not particularly flavorful on its own...definitely needed help from the optional BBQ sauce.  The pulled pork was verging on dry and stringy and likewise needed moisture from sauce or the vinegar based dip provided with it.  Potato salad and garlic bread were fine but not extraordinary in any way.  My tips are: find parking on the street (small dead-end lot for the restaurant itself), get there early to avoid sold-out predicament, and if you like it quiet take your food to go (there was a band inside and it was quite loud).  I wouldn't mind eating here again but wouldn't go out of my way to do so.  

                Great Tri-tip and really good brisket!  I grew up in Texas and finding good bbq in Cali is hard to do.  Aptos St BBQ hits the spot, and the restaurant itself is laid back with a ton of great beer on tap.  

                What I do order here I easily give 5 stars.  Some things I leave behind.  Spent some years in St. Louis with church fundraising smokers out in the parking lots - some of the best BBQ anyone could ever imagine!  California BBQ, well, not nearly as abundant or tasty.  Some of Aptos St. can take me back.   The FIVE star - the 2 BBQ sauces, pork ribs, beef ribs, rib sandwich, beers on tap,  and live music.   The FOUR and a HALF star - Pulled pork with mop sauce, BBQ pork sandwich.  The FOUR star - Chicken, tri-tip, potato salad.  The THREE star - cole slaw, beans, wine selection.  I don't order salad here.  I don't complain when a vegan place doesn't serve meat so I don't bother listening to whiners who say they don't have this or that that is not BBQ related - sorry salad lovers.  No corn bread? Meh, so what.  As above, I really wish they had better beans, slaw, chicken.  My friends make up some of the best tri-tip so I am spoiled there, also not my favorite cut of meat.    Basically, I order a rib sandwich if they have them, otherwise ribs or BBQ pork sandwich and a draft.  Wife gets pulled pork and glass of Chard.  Boys love the garlic bread dipped in BBQ sauce and potato salad.  For me this is a five star experience.  It is busy and crowded sometimes.  One time it was so packed, we simply left.  That was an extreme case and normally we always wait!  I have been coming here for years since the current crew took over from Cole's, can't recall like 7 or 8 years ago?  Saw them through the 'expansion' into the old Mr E's cycle shop (think how small if feels now and imagine losing 1/3 of that!).  Been here probably 50 times or so.  We have used them several times for catered birthday parties where you get a mix of different meats and sides - stuff disappears QUICK at those parties.  

                All bbqs spots claim to be the best. Aptos doesn't.  That doesn't mean the are not good, they just don't have an elitist snobby vibe. The road side concept is such a wonderful treat on the SF to LA roadtrip.  Their tri tip was so flavorful.  The spicy bbq sauce was equally sweet to spicy.  Nice end kick.  There garlic bread was great too.  Slaw was just cabbage but it was sweet and it helped after the kick of the sauce.   Not mind blowing, few are, but all very delicious.    I was so impressed by the customer service. The young adults behind the counter were do helpful and nice.  From start to finish. They really knew the menu too. I really think customer service is a key part to the entire experience.  

                OH GOOD LAWD!! This place is heavenly.  This BBQ is better than the BBQ I've had in Austin, TX...that's how good it was.   PROS: - tons of beer on tap (the blueberry beer was SO GOOD) - delish food (melt in your mouth tri-tip, smoky flavorful ribs and potato salad were my faves) - live music :) - great service - did i mention yummy food?  CONS: - limited seating, but who really cares?!?!  I can't wait to come back again and I'll probably be back sooner rather than later as I keep thinking about it......  

                For $30 you too can fall into a meat induced coma! I had the 5 meat bonanza combo (hot link, chicken, pulled pork, pork ribs and tri-tip) plus two sides (garlic bread and cole slaw) and the most generous glass of Copper Creek Merlot I have ever seen.   This place is so cool: hipsters, old people, children, young couples and tons of carnivorous men plus a live blues band! I love this place!   Plenty of beers to choose from! Kids meals under $8.00 (of course my kid just had to order a grilled cheese sandwich but she ate most of my tri-tip)  I have tried Bruno's, Cole's, Smoq, Central Texan BBQ and Sid's and they ain't got nothing on Aptos St. BBQ.  

                LOVE the update on the interior -- no more HEY EVERYONE I'M GOING TO USE THE RESTROOM NOW!  Service is funny, haha. Quirky. Fairly quick, friendly.  Food is always on point.  Try the smoked chicken salad with glazed nuts!  

                5 stars, solid A in my book  No flaws just goodness. One of the best American BBQ places up north. Definitely a must stop on my way up or down the coast. I've only found one place in L.A. that can rival the tenderness and juiciness of this place and only the tri-tip. Everything else this place is hands down the bestest American style bbq. Forget the sides just eat meat meat meat.  

                Awesome BBQ and craft beer. Can it get any better? I swung by here on July the 4th. We took a major detour just to get her since there was like a parade down Soquel. I really like the ribs. They are tender, juicy, and great smoky flavors. Also had their smoked chicken, tender lacked some flavor. They slaw, potatoe salad, and beans were okay.  In addition to the food, there was a live jazz performance.  I will return with a empty stomach to consume all their ribs and danky IPA.  

                Love Aptos BBQ.  Best BBQ ever.  Love the salad with Tri tip.  Tonight the band Mojo Mix was playing and they were great. Perfect music for a Friday evening, a couple of beers and dinner.  They should play more often.  Great selection of beers too  

                Unbelievable. We stopped by for a late lunch before doing some antiquing, and discovered this gem. It was totally packed, even at 2PM. The BBQ is seriously good. Not just the "Best of Aptos", but can compete with BBQ joints elsewhere in the nation.  Too bad the rib sandwich was sold out. DH got a pulled pork sandwich instead. It was loaded with meat, meat, and more meat. Nice smoky flavor, meltingly tender, porky goodness! The tangy/spicy dipping sauce was perfect to bring the flavors out even more. And serving it on garlic bread is truly a genius move. Side of slaw seemed a bit small, but it's not a problem because you'll be too full from the sandwich.  I got the tri-tip salad and that was a total treat. Meat was tender and smoky, with very little fatty bits or gristle. There was almost more tri-tip than salad! It came with the winning combo of blue cheese and candied pecans. And a few more interesting items like yellow bell pepper, tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, and apple slices. The dressing was raspberry vinaigrette and it was just the thing to bring it all together.  It took some time for the food to come out, since there were many orders ahead of us. There are a ton of beers on tap, but we didn't indulge since we're lightweights and had to hit the road soon.  Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area. Price is right too. Averaged out to less than $10/head.  

                Awesome little gem in my second favorite town in Santa Cruz County.  I know the area relatively well since I've spend a good amount of time around Aptos.  This specific joint is located near the old historic town section.  I headed down there with a friend one day in May to give this place a go finally.  Had a fun drive down 17 and to HWY 1 directly to this place, there was just barely enough parking for the amount of patrons that frequent this place.   More and more people seemed to arrive as the afternoon progressed.    They have a line that will seemingly always be out the door and the menu is big and seems a bit convoluted at first but there are basically a number of different combos that can be had.  They ran out of a few meats by the time we got there but I was still able to try brisket and ribs here which were simply out of this damnnn worldd. OMFGGG.  I took a picture of my simple meal.  A set of ribs, half fatty brisket, a little potato salad, simple cole slaw, and house garlic bread.  BBQ PERFECTION!  Not too much and not too little food. Pair that with some 21st amendment HIGH or HELL Watermelon Beer and you have the great summer beach town BBQ meal.    I seemed to receive only the best cuts of meat the house had to offer.  The craft beer selections are bountiful and very choice here.  I'll be back to bring for sure at some point and highly recommend it if you're hanging around SC County for a day and want the best quality BBQ around.  This bests Smoking Pig in SJ by one star and I think having it in a ocean side town makes it that much better too hehe.  

                Now a fan of the rib. mmmmmmm  

                Ok, seriously.  This is about as good as BBQ gets.  My wife and I have recently started picking out highly rated BBQ places on Yelp and comparing for ourselves.  As we travel around the country, if it comes up on lunch or dinner time, often we will go for BBQ.    This place was also highly recommended by workmates, and justly so.  We got the five meat plate to split and take home, so we sampled the tri-tip, ribs, pulled pork and hot links.  Tender, flavorful, and delicious, of course.  But one of the main reasons we were impressed was that, unlike some other BBQ places, they do not rely on dipping the meats in a heavy, sweet sauce that smothers the actual taste of the meat itself.  Rather, their daylong smoker-BBQ process brings out the natural meat qualities using flavorings more judiciously and appropriately.   Not the least of the evening's treat was an incredibly delicious deep-dish blueberry cobbler with two scoops of vanilla ice cream on the top.  The waiter timed bringing out the cobbler until after we put away our BBQ, so that the dessert would still be hot and the ice cream cold.    We plan to bring our adult kids when they come to town so they can also compare with places we have gone previously.  We can't wait to see their faces all smudged with the good stuff from this place!  

                Bar-b-que is pretty good although I never had a brisket that fatty, tri-tip was too clean close to dry n slaw has no taste. We came here for nyday.   Friendly atmosphere n clean.  

                Really good BBQ, maybe even the best I've had in the area. Great service and great prices. Live music is also a huge plus!  

                This place is exceptional. There are three types of BBQ, Good, mediocre, and bad. But every once in a while a fourth type comes along. The exceptional. Aptos St BBQ is this forth kind. Encountering this forth type of BBQ can be a life-changing event. Only one other time in my life have I encountered this fourth type. Moving to old Aptos, and living within walking distance, is what I mean by life changing.  After eating a brisket sandwich on garlic bread, a side of beans, and washing it down with a smoked Porter, The thought of moving crossed my mind.  

                What's not to like any other barbecue place I've been. Live music, good selection of beer, great food. Parking is hard to find but worth the effort.  

                Okay, here's my take.  The food is really good, when they have enough of it.  Unfortunately they frequently run out of certain items. Some nights it's pork, others it's bread, and all side dishes. It gets really crowded ( good for them for all of the above).  The beer list is great too.  But, tonight I was pretty pissed when my buddy and I placed an order by phone. We showed up 15 minutes later as the food was expected to be ready by then.  Upon entering, we then had to wait 20 more minutes to get our order.  Maybe a separate register for take out would be good? We paid full price, despite no sides or bread being available for our sandwiches.  Furthermore, the order was all wrong. We tried to correct this issue with the complete bitch at the register, but she could have cared less.  She probably couldn't hear us anyway due to the very loud music. Which may also be why she fu*%ed up our order to begin with. I love the blues, especially when live... But don't you wanna be able to carry on a conversation over dinner w friends. I sound like my parents now right?   So basically we gave up. The worst part was that the check out/ payment set up gives you the dreaded guilt trip to tip prior to services being rendered. So we tipped for a take out order that was completely wrong. So here I am writing this review.   Suggestions:   Turn down the volume just a little, or control the sound in the room w acoustic devices.  Have enough food on hand. There's a freakin' Safeway down the street.  Come on, side dishes and bread? Make due. Go buy some more down the street and make it work. You had 4 guys in the kitchen with their thumbs up their asses doing nothing.   Don't charge full price when you don't live up to your end of the bargain.   Fix problems with your customers. It's called customer service.   Thanks for considering my issues with your business.  Funny, all my friends would agree with the above. It's not just me.  

                FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC BBQ JOINT. I think I can confidently say that this is the best BBQ joint I've ever been to. My boyfriend and I went here on our way back from Santa Cruz to LA, on a recommendation. When we pulled onto their dirt parking lot, we saw their BBQ grill outside and we were very excited by the aroma that came out of it.  I ordered the grilled cheese with a side of potato salad and my boyfriend had the pulled pork with a side of potato salad. Everything was so darn good that we finished our plates clean! Well, as clean as you can get when you're dousing your delicious grub in their mouth-watering spicy BBQ sauce. Man, I'm salivating over just the thought of it! We also ordered a couple of slices of their garlic bread which goes amazingly well with their BBQ sauce, too.   Everything was absolutely delicious. We went on a Sunday afternoon, and it was relatively empty. The staff is nice and the food came out reasonably soon. The ambiance felt like a real southern BBQ joint (sans the confederate flags, of course). Also, they have a lot for parking!  My boyfriend and I have not been able to find some BBQ that can compare. We're definitely looking forward to coming back on our next drive up north!  

                Best BBQ west of Texas.   Actually, to be honest I tried about 4 different smokehouses in Austin a few months ago and nothing comes close to this place. If you don't shed a tear as you bite into that rib sandwich (pork ribs cooked so slow and perfectly they likely fell right off the bones and into the bread -- you'd be a fool not to immediately shower it all in that sweet, smoky nectar they call barbecue sauce) then you probably don't love America.  

                This place is absolutely amazing! They have the best tri-tip and ribs I've ever had. They have large portion and the meals come with two sides. The sauce, both regular and spicy, are must-try. I always go a little too crazy with the sauces. They just tasted so good with everything. They recently opened a Mission St. BBQ in Santa Cruz, but I still think this original location is better. The meat here is more tender and juicy and the atmosphere has a really cool old-school feel.  

                My spouse does not like BBQ.  She loved Aptos BBQ Tri-Tip.  Now it's a must have when we are in the area.    Great Meats, really good sides, and really casual.  

                As a native Texan I'd like to think I have pretty high standards in regards to BBQ, I gotta say this place was so delicious and is comparable to a top notch place in the Lone Star State! I had the brisket salad, tried some of the hot link sausage, and amazing sides like the beans and potato salad. Large portions too, you won't leave hungry. This place was great! I highly recommend stopping by when in the area or just making the trip when you're in the mood for some excellent BBQ!  

                WOW Aptos St. BBQ is the real deal!  I'm not really fan of BBQ, but this is the only restaurant that I could find open today with good reviews and the reviews were right!  For about $20 I ordered the 3 piece combo which consisted of a chicken thigh/drumstick, 5 pieces of tri tip, and pulled pork.  Along with the meal you get your choice of 2 sides, I tried the coleslaw and potato salad.  To add to the meal they also give you a piece of grilled garlic bread!  This is plenty of food for 2-3 people, keep that in mind when you order!  Let's first start off with the chicken, it was my least favorite of the 3 choices.  While the meat had decent flavor, the skin on the chicken is what killed it for me.  It was super rubbery and not that appetizing.  If you order the chicken don't eat the skin, plus it healthier for you!  The tri tip was my second favorite item from the order.  It had a nice smoke taste, but not overpowering!  Meat was nice and tender and it melted in your mouth!  Definitely would order this again!  Last was the pulled pork which was freakin amazing!!!  I think this is the item that the restaurant is known for!  It had a fantastic flavor and the the little bits of "bark" were so good!  Try the pulled pork with their BBQ sauce, it's the perfect hand and hand combination.  When it came down to the sides I was so full.  The coleslaw was more refreshing rather than having a great taste.  The potato salad was also ok.  The garlic bread was the best thou, not too buttery and overpowered with garlic, it a must try!  Overall I never have been to Aptos and don't plan on coming back anytime soon.  But if I'm ever in the area it would be hard for me not to come back.  Next time I would just get a pulled pork sandwich, I found the combo portions to be too much for me.  

                Went on a Saturday. All good here. Good BBQ, good beer, good ambiance, good music.  

                When I first came here not too long ago, I got here right about an hour before they were closing. They couldn't offer much on the menu for my friend and I because they run out of meat throughout the day (sadly), so all they had left was pulled pork and chicken. I asked the lady at the counter what the best thing we could have at this time would be and she suggested pulled pork sandwiches for both of us. It had the right amount of sauce and SO flavorful! I also got a side of potato salad which was pretty good too!  They also have a great selection of beer as well! If I'm not mistaken, all or most of the beer are local which is cool. The bartender generously let us sample a few beers before we got to order, and I ended up getting an apple amber ale.   I definitely want to come back and try their tri-tip and other selection of items. Definitely had a better experience here and I feel the quality of food is a little better than Mission St. BBQ just because the meat wasn't as dry.  

                Food was good..... But was it 21 dollars good.. That's one plate.... Great overall experience... I just can't get over the price..  

                Love this place, awesome, awesome BBQ. Get the ribs before they sell out. If you don't, the sandwiches are a decent consolation prize, but I must admit it's a bit of a letdown when you have your mind set on ribs! They've got a lot of beer on tap, mostly microbrews, but with enough variety that you'll find the right one to go with your meal.   The atmosphere is great, they capture a very laid back and country feel both inside and outside. Plus they have nightly blues that usually consists of a couple old guys jamming together. Fun.  

                Excellently Cooked Meats and a brewery!  This is a "warehouse style" BBQ & beer place.  The beers, from a local brewery, are of many styles and the draft drawer seems happy to go through everything they have until you hear something you think you'll like (there were 37 different draft beers).  The premium beer was $7.50 for about 12 ounces.  Food is served in paper plates, order at the front, pick a table, they bring it to you.  We all ordered barbecue: chicken, pulled pork and pork ribs.  (They were out of beef ribs.)  All three were great.  The pulled pork sandwich was on garlic bread and that was a nice touch.  All the sauces are mildly flavored and good.  Their cole slaw and beans were simple but well made and flavorful.  The food too was at "beach town prices," the sandwiches about $10 and the ribs dinner $18.    We were there on a Wednesday and heard Al Frisby, a Louisiana blues player.  Apparently they have complimentary live music every night.  The guy was a real pro and the audience loved him.    If you are in the area and don't need a fancy place but want quality food, this one is worth checking out - Recommended.  

                I was really looking forward to having some good ribs for lunch, only to be greatly disappointed by Aptos street B.B.Q. for several reasons. First was the  less than great  and barely good taste of the ribs.  They were not fall off the bone tender but tough & chewy.  They were small in size and meat content.  Then the sauce couldnt cover up the burnt charcol bits between your teeth.  Thier so called sides were just as lack luster. Flavor wise as the ribs.  The portions were slim 4-little ribs,  a 1/2 cup of slaw,  bag of chips and a drink for 17.00  dollars  each.  All adds up too  far too little for far toooo much...  would not recommend this place unless you like to drink beer and hear the blues.  

                Well, thought I'd try it one more time. Loved the place when they first opened!!! Always disappointed since they sold it. It's the ambiance that disappoints. The staff is so impersonal and flippant. Exactly opposite from the original staff. The big blackboard, with the menu items is black and empty.  The side board that formerly had the beers and such listed now has a lengthy, very lengthy, explanation with all menu items sometimes sell out and why the meat is ok if pink. And the person who delivered my packaged to go order, came dangerously close to replying"No problems," when I thanked him. And last. We get our own BBQ sauce now, from boxes with plungers, into tiny cups.  

                What happened to the service in this place? The new owners need to take a serious look at some of these reviews.  Why did they erase the menu board above the register?  On crowded nights, they need to stop letting patrons taste 10 beers before they order one.  They're system for ordering beer is already inefficient, and the endless tasting causes crowding in the area where people are waiting for take-out orders. I'm not sure it's greatest thing for your business to have the inked-up 'roided-out manager/owner wandering from table to table dressed in gym shorts, flip flops with his hat on backwards, looking like he's ready for yard time at the state pen. Very unprofessional, off-putting appearance, even for a BBQ joint.  

                I'm from the south so I know good BBQ and this is good BBQ.   I drive down here once a month to eat. The BBQ on garlic toast is phenomenal.   They should add fries to the menu though.  

                I would give this amazing BBQ place 5 stars if the sides were better...the meat is all great top notch! BUT the sides are not good at all the beans have a strange taste to much chile P? I don't know, the slaw and potato salad are horrible and bland and you don't have any other sides besides that!? Oh extra garlic bread...you need to roast some corn on those grills, have sweet potato fries and macaroni and cheese/corn bread/greens you need a suggestion box the owner I here is a asshole and won't change a thing other then the sides I love Aptos st BBQ! I get my meat from Aptos then go to SIDS BBQ for my sides down the road...beer is kinda pricy as we'll the sour beers 5 OZ for $6 is crazy expensive just charge $8 for a pint PS turn the music down too it's hard to talk to friends when we are their.  

