                Reallyyyy good Al Pastor super burrito!! Also had their Asada Tortas which was solid as well. Will definitely be coming back soon!  Don't forget to buy a churro from the guy right outside!! So good!  

                Aww snaps! I can see why they are doing so well. Their burritos and tacos are super bomb!   Before I continue, please note that it's CASH ONLY. Yup. No debit card as well. They have an atm machine in house, but if you would rather not pay the transaction fee, be sure to bring enough cash before hand.   Anyways, the meat was ON POINT. I got an al pastor taco and lengua burrito. The pastor was nicely marinated and tender. The lengua was super tender and juicy! Another plus was that they didn't skimp on the meat!   The tortilla was also soft and hot. The salsa is good, the orange-red one is pretty hot. The avocado one seems to be the most popular. I liked both of them a lot. They complimented the food very well.   Seriously the best burrito and taco I've had so far in San Jose. Check this place out.  

                If you are ever searching for a Mission Style Burrito in San Jose, this place is it. You can find Araujo's by following the smell (and smoke) of Carne Asada being freshly grilled outside on the patio. I'm reminded of Chipotle when I walk in because of all the ingredients displayed behind a glass panel... but this is no Chipotle. Order at the cashier and find a seat among the many that populate the restaurant. The interior is more modern looking (and cleaner) than most Mexican places I have visited.  It's crazy how lightning fast the service is. I barely had time to warm up my seat when my name was called! The salsa bar selection is pretty standard but definitely a necessity. I just got the Carne Asada Super Burrito which was so good. You can tell that the Carne Asada is literally right off the grill because the natural fats and oils still flavor the meat and haven't been sitting out to dry for awhile.  The horchata is also a good choice! It tastes super fresh (how many times have I used fresh to describe things here?) and you can taste the graininess from the rice they use to make it, instead of from a mix.  Great vibe among the workers. Seems so lively and friendly here. Definitely impressed.  

                This place is absolutely fantastic. My friends and I often argue about the best Mexican place in San Jose and this place definitely completes. I ordered a carne asada taco and a carne asada torta (my friend took the rest of the chicken). The torta was pretty good and the taco was solid. My friend's burrito, on the other hand, was extremely good. Next time I go, I'll definitely get the burrito.  Since they ran out of chicken, they gave me an extra taco for free. Greatly appreciated it.  

                I've been coming to Tacos El Paisa before it was Araujos El Paisa Taqueria, it used to be THE taco truck around Severn-Trees area. Lines out the corner; everyone standing and enjoying their tacos while sharing a Jarritos soda. Summer night's people would walk to the place and enjoy a bit of the outdoor while enjoying great quality food. I miss those days!   Fast forward to today, a ton of different food options (and most average quality.) Tacos are good but I'd stick to the simpler meats. Service has been good, but then again I always order in Spanish. I sent a couple of non-Spanish speaking friends to pick up tacos and they came back with their order completely messed up. I suppose the language barrier is a problem.  I'd say give them a try and keep it simple, stick to tacos and you should be golden.  

                This place is a very good choice for tacos especially if you are looking for a late night snack. The horchata is one of the best I've had. The carnitas tacos are my favorite here. Tortillas are hand made and the salsas are very good. Tortilla chips are not included but they give you a nice portion for $1. The only thing I don't like is that there is a minimum to use a credit card and they will be going to cash only in a couple days. They also start closing up almost an hour earlier. So they will be cleaning and putting chairs up if you happen to be there last hour. They also stop serving in their dining room about half hou before close.  

                We still are new to San Jose.  So, exploring the various Mexican restaurants in the area is like going on a treasure hunt.  Today, we found gold at Araujo's Mexican Grill when we got a take-out order there.  I enjoyed the chicken and pork tacos, and my boyfriend really liked the torta cubana, which really satisfied his hunger, much to my surprise.  He's a big guy with an even bigger appetite.  So, I tip my hat (if I was wearing one) to Araujo for that filling my guy's belly so full.  We spent about $20 for the two of us.  So, the price is very reasonable.  We definitely will return to try the other dishes.  

                Awesome Burrito, it is a monster. The price for the super was $8.95 and it is cash only. The quantity and quality was awesome. I have only been here this one time but I will be back to try other items on the menu when in town again.  Everything was fresh, made to order and the place was full of locals. Do yourself a favor and give it a try.  

                Al pastor super burrito con todo! And don't forget to ask for the grilled onions and jalapenos on the side. SO GOOD!!!   Parking is kind of sketch and this place gets really packed at night, BUT ITS SO GOOD - definitely worth parking in a dimly lit lot and waiting in line for.  Oh cash only so beware! But they have an ATM here..but nobody wants to pay ATM fees so bring cash!  

                Tacos are amazing! Love that they make their own tortillas. The line was out the door but the service was very fast. The refried beans and rice were delicious. Everyone there was eating burritos and tortas. Definitely plan on going back and trying something different.  

                Gotta say off the bat, one of the best burritos I've had in San Jose! The meat is delicious, every bite that you take is juicy. My burrito was on $6 and it was the best $6 I've ever spent.  

                Bomb tacos and burritos. Their carne con chile is too hot so be careful. El pastor quesadillas are also off the hook. They also have platos, but I just come for the simple stuff like tacos, burritos, and quesadillas because that what they're best at.  

                My favorite neighborhood taco place.  Easy access, has a parking lot and accepts credit card. I really like the freshly made tortillas. When I eat tacos, I like simple $2 tacos and I like to wash it down with horchata. Nothing fancy just meat, onion, cilantro and salsa. Their meats are cooked well, good flavor and not dry. They also have pupusas but I recommend the tacos instead.  

                I stopped by because they have really really good food and went out of my way to go there just today to find out that they no longer except credit/debit cards and they also didn't have tortas. I wouldn't complain if I didn't come all the way from across town just to go there. It was a big disappointment.  

                This place opens an hour late and close and hour early. Really gets me irritated driving here finding out they close. It's 11pm, yelp says they close midnight.  

                Araujo's Mexican Grill (AMG) first started out as a Taco Truck/Stand at this very location in a once empty lot almost ±8-years ago. I first noticed the hoards of fans (mostly Andrew Hill students) that would stand in line and wait for a chance to sample their goods. I never tried it then because I avoid standing in lines like a Turkey avoids November. A few years later I noticed a new restaurant springing up in the spot where the infamous truck once was. I came to find out later that this restaurant is run by the same people who ran the Taco Truck. I finally tried it out 3-years ago and it quickly became my go-to spot for a Burrito in San José.  Food: I've only gotten the Super Burrito here at AMG. I love how generous they are with the meat; I can't stand Burrito places that sit there and weigh it out. Not here though--these boys really pile it on!  They balance out all that meat with an excellent ratio of Rice, Beans & Veggies. My favorite meats in order are: Carnitas, Al Pastor, & Carne Asada. 5*  Salsa Bar: One of my prerequisites for a good Burrito place is they've gotta have a good salsa bar and AMG doesn't disappoint here. The two standouts are the Guacamole and Molcajete. 4.5*  Service & Ambiance: Service at AMG is always fairly pleasant and they usually speak enough English that it's not a chore to order. AMG is always really clean and the building itself stands out from everything else surrounding it in this über-ghetto neighborhood. Some of the clientele here really leave something to be desired. I'd recommend coming here for lunch and skipping dinner as I've heard it gets pretty wild at night. 3*  Value: While, admittedly, everything here at AMG is quality, their prices are on the higher end of Burrito joints; $7.50 for a super is pretty hard to swallow even though the Burrito isn't. Also they charge $1.75 for a can of Coke! *tsk* C'mon, son.. 2*  AMG is probably my favorite Burrito in San José and that's really saying something for a Mexican food-rich city. The only thing keeping them from a 5-star review is the neighborhood and the high price tag, but other than that they get a big thumbs up from yours truly. ¡Arrrrrrriba!  

                Wow, what a great place.  First time here and we weren't sure what to expect.  It's a good size place, not a little hole in the wall.  Large open kitchen.  Clean.  Order at the counter, pick up at the counter.  The first thing I noticed:  they have a real spit for the al pastor!  Those phony places that cook it in a pan are just posers.  We ordered a super taco, vampiro, pupusa, and tostada.  The meats were carnitas, pastor, and carne asada (none for the pupusa).  The meats were among the best we've had in a very long time.  The carnitas are the moist slow cooked kind, not the fried kind which are often greasy.  The pastor is the real deal.  I'm not sure how they cook the carne asada, but it has a special almost BBQ flavor.  It was meat heaven.  They have regular tacos (the small taco truck kind) and super tacos.  The small ones are cheap, and the super are more, but the super are the best deal.  They have a salsa bar with four salsas, radishes, and limes.  On the menu is salsa fresca for very little money (I forget, two digits I think). It was fresh, which is more than you can say about most places.  Chips are $1 and are plentiful.  This place is open late, so when you're looking for great Mexican food you can get it.  There was a sign taped to the cash register saying "Beginning 3/1/15 no debit or credit cards."  So bring cash.  

                I came here for lunch this week with my co-workers. While it's a small taqueria, I thought the place itself was very clean and bright.  There are a couple of tv's up with their menu. They also have a tv in the background with the volume on too loud. Unfortunately, when we asked someone to turn down the volume, our request was ignored. This is a go-to spot for many during lunch time and the place quickly filled up.    I ordered 3 soft tacos ($1.75 each). I tried the carnitas, lengua, and asada. I also ordered a glass of horchata ($3). The meats were flavored well and the flour tortilla for the taco was nice and fresh. However, instead of layering two small tortillas for the tacos, we only got one. This caused the soft taco to break once you pick it up. I thought the flavor of the horchata was very good, especially if you love cinnamon.   Overall, I thought this place was pretty average. I was disappointed they didn't have free chips and salsa for customers too.   Note: Cash only.  

                Araujo's Mexican Grill (AMG) just piles on the meat, no measuring here.  The meat is quite tasty and good quality.  I believe the flour tortilla is also homemade.  There is a salsa bar with a good selection.  The regular burrito is around $6 and super burrito is $7.50.  I think you get good value if you factor in homemade tortilla and generous amount of meat and salsa bar.  AMG offers good quality, mighty tasty burrito. I look forward coming to AMG, definitely a go to spot.  

                I was tempted to take off one star for the ridiculous wait time we had this past Sunday night (45 minutes for 8 tacos at 10:00pm!), BUT these yelp reviews are spot on. The Carne Asada tacos were amazing and hit the spot.  The meat was thinly sliced, seasoned great with a slight crunch and tender at the same time.  And you know how sometimes you'll get the excess fat where you'll have to chew it before spitting it out?  I'm happy to report that 99% of this meat had none.  The little fat that I did have I pushed off to the side and proceeded to eat because these little tacos were just that good.  There's a full service salsa bar on the side with plastic cups and lids so that you could fill up and take it to go. The great thing about this place was that it was nice and spacious, clean and had great AC for a hot night (It seriously felt like it was around 85 degrees outside!).  Anyone living in San Jose knows what I'm talking about..  Parking was a little difficult since it was crowded. We had to park out in the neighborhood as a result.  I found a spot that was in between two houses and had a friend wait inside so that I could go back into the private lot area to wait for a spot to open up.  Lucky us, one eventually did.  

                The tacos here are tasty.  I love their carne asada.  The green salsa is one of the best salsa compare to all.  One thing I don't like is their portion is a bit small.  I usually have to order at least 6 or more to get full.  If you are such a big eater I recommend their burritos.  Giving 4 stars because of the quality.  

                CASH ONLY!  So apparently this place started off as just a taco truck but then turned into a restaurant? I could be wrong. But either way, the food is pretty good. I expected more greasy taqueria type food but everything tasted really fresh here. I ordered a Carne Asada Burrito AND a regular taco only because I couldn't decide which one to get. Both were good and were devoured instantly. One thing different about their burritos is they don't put rice in it! So there's more meat and usual, which is always a plus. I like how they have a little salsa bar also. Only thing is, chips are not complimentary like at other taqueria places, but its okay, they give you a huge basket full! I would come back if I were in the area again.  

                They got my order wrong and the guy serving the food said he spoke to me and I never spoke to him and he was upset and put an exaggerated amount of cilantro and onions on my order . Will never come back again. It was a workers mistake not a patrons.  

                Been twice in one week before this review. The carne asada has an amazing charcoal flavor. Can't go wrong with the pastor or lengua. Burritos are amazing and tacos are amazing. Just stop reading and drive over here and start eating!  

                Got food poisoning the other day from here. It's been 3 days and my stomach is still upset. They also have a sign that says they won't be accepting debit cards anymore after March 1st, but when I asked the cashier said they weren't accepting debit at all...it's not even March?  

                I remember when they used to have a taco truck outside of this place. My friends and I trekked across town to go there but it's no longer a truck and is an established indoor seating restaurant. I got three tacos but was underwhelmed. They seemed to put half the portion of meat on it that should have been there. I love a good horchata but the one I got was not that tasty. It seemed watered down and lacked any good flavor. They have sauces available but the cups are located across the aisle which confused a lot of patrons that wanted to get sauces. The parking lot is small and they had cars for sale taking up three spaces. If you want to get a little bit of 'mexico' then check out this place. I wasn't overwhelmingly impressed but I would return to try out the burritos. The staff was nice and the area feels safe even though someone was selling bootlegged DVDs in the parking lot.  

                This is usually the go-to place for me for tacos in San Jose, but I'm saddened that the last few times I came by, the place closed down early before their posted hours. I work really late and I came by at 12:30 am and the place is already closed despite the hours listing that they don't close til 1 a.m. Either the staff wants to get out early or the manager isn't paying attention to what's going on. Either way, you're losing out on business. Food is great, but I hope they stick to their hours.  

                I use to love this place when I was in high school. I thought they made great burritos. I came back after a few years and was very disappointed.   The place is still nice and is a warm environment. I ordered a carne asada burrito with added avacado (they don't have guacamole, um, wtf) and a large horchata. A friend was with me and he ordered the chicken torta.   The horchata wasn't good; I really don't recommend getting it at all.  My friend didn't *NOT* like his torta, but nor did he like it either... This means that he ate it just fine, but wasn't satisfied. He ended up having to walk outside to buy 3 more tacoes  from the stand to sub for the rest of his meal. (Btw, I honestly don't know why he walked outside... Isn't the stand and the restaurant the exact same thing? Yeah, I don't know.)  I will say that they do have good carne asada. Too bad when they made my burrito, they made it with chicken. They got my order wrong so I had to give it back to them to change it.   When I was given my new burrito, I feel like they put too much beans. Also, before ordering, I had specifically asked the cashier girl what would be in the regular burrito.  She gave me the wrong ingredients as the burrito I ended up having did NOT have so and so. That annoyed me, but I didn't feel like exchanging my burrito twice.   What I didn't like most was how poorly they had wrapped my burrito. It fell apart after 3 bites.  I took a picture of my burrito failure.   Ending statement is that this place is over-priced. My meal for 2 people cost me 25 dollars. No one was satisfied.  

                Burritoszzzz!!!  I'm on the continous search for good al pastor, and Araujo is a good candidate.  Its not overly fatty and greasy, and full of marinated flavor.  Burritos are nicely packed and filled.  The restaurant itself is very clean and spacious.  I enjoy hoarding extra avocado salsa as well.  

                Best mexican food my wife and I have had in San Jose. She had the carnitas burrito and I had the carne asada, plus two tacos. The rice and beans were amazing but their meat was perfect. We'll definitely be back for more!  

                I use to lovvvvve the carne asada burritos here. They have this green avocado cilantro sauce that tastes super refreshing and delicious.   Felt like going for a lighter lunch today so I ordered tacos instead. Ordered carnitas, al pastor, and carne asada.   The carnitas here is the soft - braised kind so if you're looking for something w a crunch, this isn't it. But I will mention that it was the tastiest meat of the three I ordered!   I wasn't a big fan of the carne asada or the al pastor today. It wasnt horrible but not something I would order again.   My friend got the horchata and was super disappointed as well-- and believe me. He looooves horchata. It's overly sweet and grainy here so yeah.. Wouldn't recommend that either   While watching the employees make the orders, everything looked suppppper delish. Esp the burritos. So my advice to you. Stick with the burritos here-- you don't be disappointed. As for tacos, you're better off going elsewhere  

                Hands down the Mexican food spot in this area. And I love trying mexican food everywhere. The tacos are incredible. The only place I know that gives guacamole for free in the sauce station. It's a nice looking restaurant inside, though parking is annoying outside. Be weary of the guys selling illegal DVDs outside las well lol.   Now the only things keeping me from giving this place 5 stars is they never have chicken every time I'm there (Man... wut?)  and it's cash only!  

                I've been here 3 times.  Two of which were amazing and the third just seemed like they weren't fully open for business during a lunch hour on a weekday.  The nachos, tacos and ceviche were all great.  

                Pretty good spot to come get Mexican food in the area.  I ordered a lengua burrito like I usually do.  What stood out about this place was that the burrito was perfectly wrapped in the foil and it was still really warm when I went to eat it.  It was a very nice touch and shows that they care about the quality of their food.  The sauce bar was alright, but I definitely wish I had some orange sauce to top off my burrito.  

                This place is awful! I came in for lunch and ordered 2 tacos of carne asada and 2 tacos of Al pastor with chips and salsa. The chips tasted like they we made the day before and not crunchy. The salsa bar was not clean and tasted like they had been sitting out for several hours and the salsas were warm. Plus the tomatoes in the pico de gallo had expired. Yuck!  Then came the carne asada tacos. It looked like they were deep fried 2-3 times and tasted like propane. Come on! I took one bite and threw them out. The Al pastor tacos were ok but very oily.   I'll never come here again. For those that do. I suggest you bring a fly squatter. You'll need it.  

                Seriously Araujo's?! What happened to you guys?! Quality of food and customer service took a nose dive here.  This place is down the street from my house and I used to frequent it all the time. I went on a hiatus from here in attempts to eat healthier but decided to splurge today. Man I'm left with total regret that I spent a cheat day here instead of driving downtown to go to Angelou's instead.  I normally order the Al Pastor burrito. When they packaged my burrito i took it home and noticed the bag was dripping in juices at the bottom. I thought oh crap, one of my salsa containers must've busted open. Nope, my burrito was DRIPPING in juice and still dripping when i took it out of the bag, dripped all over my cloth dining room chair and over the table. For the tons of times I've had their burritos (which is quite a few times) i've never had that issue. When i uncovered my burrito it was SOOOO soggy and wet, still dripping with stuff. What the heck is going on guys? I didnt order a wet burrito. If i wanted a soggy burrito, i wouldve order it and reheated it the next day. -_-  Customer Service also left me furious. I asked for a can of coke and I understand the girl at the cashier doesn't have the greatest English skills so I pointed at the Coke can behind her and said 'Can i also have a can of coke' She proceeded to pull out the coke bottle and put it on the table and i said 'nooo, i just wanted a small can.' She paused and hesitated giving me that look like 'oh well i already punched in the price of a bottle. Then proceeded to give me the total and change out the bottle for a can. It wasnt until later when i was waiting for my burrito to be made when i noticed that the girl still charged me for a bottle and didnt fix it to a can. So i figured no big deal, since she charged me for a bottle i might as well go back and get a bottle then. So when i pointed it out to her she gave me an annoyed look and slammed the Coke bottle on the counter. OKAY, RUDE! If she had done it correctly KNOWING that she knew she was going to charge me more and too lazy fix it, she shouldn't get mad when i caught the error.   I think tonight's terrible food and service was enough to deter me away from coming back. I'll just drive a little further downtown to Angelou's cause i never have a problem with their food quality and customer service. Plus this place only takes cash, BOO!  

                Officially my favorite Mexican food joint!! Their prices are a little higher than other places but it's well worth it. Their al pastor is freakin' delicious and the best I've ever had. I bet it'd be Drake's too if he ever tried it. Their super nachos are also hella bomb and they're totally not shady with their toppings. I think they use homemade chips (not those weakass chips that's can't hold a bunch of toppings without breaking) and it's loaded with beans, mexican cheese, meat, sour cream, pico de gallo, and lots of jalapenos and avocados. It's $10 bucks and I'm pretty sure it's meant for more than 1 person because that thing is massive (coming from a girl with a huge appetite). I dare you to try finishing that monstrosity in one sitting.  

                I love this place!   Their carne asada tacos and carne asada nachos are so good! The meat is juicy and flavorful, no dry meat here.   There's nothing bad to say about this place, and it's your usual run-of-the-mill taqueria.  I can't wait to come back to try their al pastor.  

                Hmmmm craving Mexican food? well I've been here plenty of times but never really got a chance to write a review about it. I love how clean the restaurant is and I love their services! everytime I buy a burrito there I always ask for a side of grilled onions and jalepenos and I'm always satisfied! I came here yesterday and got the carne asada burrito! Hmmm satisfied I love it and never tried of it. I also tried their super nachos and I have to say, other places when I have the nachos out for about 30 minutes, the chips are already soggy, but these chips are still crispy and yummy. I rate 10/10 and I would always come back!  

                Many choices and many different types of Mexican food. Highly recommend for great Mexican foods. I got the nachos and it was a lot more food for the price. Definitely my portion was enough for 2 people.  

                This place is OK.  I dont know why the reviews are so great.  For a place like San Jose, I expect the mexican food to be a lot better.  The customer service really wasn't great - it was like I was a nuiscance to them.  Not sure why.  Still not clear if chips and salsa are free or you have to pay for it.  I know the economy is hurting - but why do they allow some guy to sell burned DVDs outside their establishment? That can't possibly benefit your business.  Anyway, the tacos were good... I'll probably go back.  I might even go back tonight - but don't expect to have your mind blown and you'll be just fine.  

                This is the SPOT for burritos in San Jose.  My family always makes the trip out here when we want Mexican, even though it's a 20 minute drive away.  Service is efficient, and the carnesada is delicious.  I also like the lengua, even though it's high in cholesterol :(  The inside is actually pretty clean and well kept, which is a nice bonus if we don't want to make our way back home and want those burritos fresh!  I feel like I haven't even scratched the surface on all the variety of items.  I've only gotten burritos and tacos, but everything else looks yummy.  I'll have to try them all one day!  

                One of my favorite taquerias on the east side! Super burritos are hella bomb.. Just had some la vic sauce and boooooom! Master piece waiting to happen. Thank me later ;)  

                I personally prefer the food truck outside, for some reason it just seems to taste better. Fairly clean restaurant with quick service. Good quality food for a girl who loves her carne asada burritos!  

                Used to be better! I remember a few years back, this place was really good! Since then they've slimmed down the menu and increased prices. The quality and service just not what it once was.... Too bad!  

                I've had 5 or 6 great experiences here. My very favorite dish to order is the flautas. Everyone always asks me what they are. Flauta means flute in Spanish. They are crunchy good tortilla flutes full of yummy meat. I highly recommend them.  I went over here for lunch recently and was surprised to have a more frustrating experience than normal. Everyone was very nice, it was just difficult to communicate. Next time I am going to bring a pen and paper and physically write down my order in Spanish.   I was there with a friend who first ordered her food and I think she ordered something wrong but didn't notice until after she paid. That was fixed happily and everything was good. Then I went to order my food. My order was mis-heard and they tried to charge me about twice as much as it should have been. We fixed that with no issue. Then, even though I ordered flautas con carne asada the woman behind the counter yelled "flautas con pollo back to the kitchen". I looked at her and asked if she was talking about my order. She assured me no, I was getting carne asada. So, I get through my order and then my friend gets called back up because she had ordered and paid for a pupusa and now they were out of them so she had to get a refund. During this time I asked them to turn down the television because the television was pretty loud...maybe this is why it was getting hard to communicate. They turned it down happily.  The kitchen called my name and held up my food. I asked 3 times (with a slight air of increduluity), "flautas con carne asada?" Yes, yes, yes, I was assured. Of course this was flautas con carne asada, with a big smile. So, guess what I had for lunch that day. Flautas con pollo. Sigh. I really love these flautas. It is so hard to complain. :)  

                Finally found a decent street taco. Being a taco foodie and living in SoCal for so long I am super picky about my tacos. I was super happy with Araujo's! You can see the kitchen and see that they use fresh ingredients and the inside of the restaurant was clean. I ordered the pork and steak street tacos. Super tasty and seasoned perfectly. The only negatives are the chips are not free (no big) and cash only. Need to try some more items on the menu but everything I saw looked good. Yes there are DVD peddlers in the parking lot.  

                Yhis place is amazing! If you're a fan of burritos, fresh savory meat, cheesy cheese and happy thoughts, then this araujo's is your spot. I've been here 3 times. Got carne asada tacos which were good, should've asked for pico de gallo on them. The next time I visited, oh my goodness, the next time I visited I wised up and ordered a carne asada burrito. And let me tell you I cried after every bite. Thank you Araujo's!  

                I love the carne asada tacos here! The carne asada is so juicy on top of the little tortillas. I love it plain, without the onions and cilantro. I just add a little of their avocado green salsa and it's my perfect little taco.  The burritos here are also very good. The ingredients here are all good and fresh. I never feel like I'm eating leftovers. Rice is cooked soft and seasoned well, mixed with carne asada and all wrapped up neat like a present. A delicious present!  Yummy!  

                literally 4.5 stars..minus half a star because the salsa could be better.. cash only although they have an ATM in house the carne asada is good. but my fav here is the el pastor. ohh my lawd is it juicy and seasoned just right!!! you can get it in a burrito, on some nachos, or in a torta..I could eat it just alone..its just that good!! the  burritos come in a good size and the hand more tortillas taste great. but the nachos come in a pretty monstrous proportion with tons of toppings..its like a mountain of chip goodness!!!  

                Heard about this place through a friend, love the fact that it is open late, love all the options for salsa, and the food was amazing!!!!! New favorite spot!  

                This place is one of my favorite places for burritos in San Jose. They make their own tortillas in-house! How awesome is that? Their 'Al Pastor' never disappoints and the best I've ever tried; I won't order Al Pastor anywhere else. Did I mention it's done the right way using a vertical-split rotisserie? So good!  The nachos are filling and they use corn chips! Tacos are on-par with what you can find elsewhere. The chimichangas was heavenly, sad to say they no longer serve them.  They have a small sauce bar and  complimentary grilled onions and jalapeños. Horchata are on point, also.  

                I use to lived in East Side San Jose.. So I thought i knew where all the gems and hole in the walls go too are at. Well....I thought I did. Until I was told to come here. It blew my mind "A" how clean, they are. You know we've all been to the restaurant that you can't judge it by its cover and really, just have to look pass it all and just eat. But this place. You step in and see clean everything, NEW everything. Theres a grill outside. They also have the whole kitchen on display. Which says one thing. They have NOTHING to hide. NO old meat, no last nights rice. You know. PLUS you are can really watch your food be made if your a picky person, to give those reminders that you don't like this or that. The meat here is truly the freshest I've had. HOT, YUMMY, FLAVORFUL, ALL OF IT. The pastor meat is OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD. Do NOT get a lame taco. Go for it kid, get that burrito! I get the Super, with al pastor meat. So damn good! I crave this. Truly. I have seen people walk in here and talk to them like super low class and YOU will get bad survive from them. I mean. Would you kiss the ass of a a-hole? NO. So hey come here with a nice smile and you'll get some good food in return. Laws of Life right??? But GO! You will LOVE IT!  

                I'm a Taco lover and I would say this place has the best Tacos Outside of Mexico. The carne Asada tacos are charcoal grilled and their Pastor tacos are great as well! Next time I'm in the area I'll make sure to stop by!  

                I've been here several times before. I've tried tacos, burritos, nachos, and drinks. This time I went for nachos. The prices have gone up since the last time I was here. I think by about $1. We got nachos with pork, which comes with freshly made chips, avocado, tomato, cilantro, cheese, sour cream, and beans. The portions are huge, filling an entire to go box. The service is fast and the people are friendly. My only complaint today was that the pork had some fat and I bit into it. I didn't like that as much. Overall, I think this place is relatively cheap and the food are delicious. I'd recommend this place for quick Mexican food. What's even better is that they leave different sauces on the side for you to take yourself. They also include sliced radishes that you can dip with the salsas and green sauces. Those can keep you occupied until your food is ready.  

                4 stars for good tacos!  Best tripas and al pastor tacos in the area!  They make it crispy and tender... mmmm I want one now, damnit! The horchata is good, horchata moustaches are a thumbs up!  If you want the tripas or cabeza tacos you have wait to visit later on in the day...They won't have it ready right away.  I remember when this place was just a taco truck located on Senter Rd in an empty lot. It did so well it bought the restaurant next door and named it Araujo's.  The taco truck is still there and fully functioning alongside the restaurant; it doesn't open as late as the restaurant but it does open earlier at noon.  If you're on Senter Rd between Capitol and Tully, drop by for some quick and delicious tacos.  

                I would never go back! As I waited for my order I saw the guy that was putting the food together take a tortilla grab some meat and just eat it right there. Didn't wash his hands after. He just continued putting orders together. I saw another guy in the back mixing a huge pot of something then grab a piece of what was in the pot with his hand and taste it, then continued mixing. The food is in a open area and I saw flies landing on the food. As I walked out to my car, the guy that was doing the BBQ was eating too. Picking at it with his non glove covered hands.  

                This place is legit and deserves solid 4 stars.   We ordered only tacos: chicken, roasted pork and lingua. Shaved pork was slightly dry but pretty flavorful. Lingua by far was our favorite. The tortilla was so soft and tasty, single layer (my preference) instead of double like other places.   Jalapeño and onion side order -  the jalapeño was really spicy so make sure to get some water with that   Sauces - the green guacamole cilantro sauce was amazing! The other salsas were very good as well.   This is officially one of our top 3 taco places in San Jose.  

                Im confused. So, 3 stars. I ordered 2 super carnitas burritos, paid 19 bucks , so I know the order was correct but got 2 burritos with only meat rice and salsa.  But the confusing part is, it was so good my boyfriend and I ate them so fast.( took them home) However at 7pm it WAS our first meal. I will definitely give them another shot because it was good. Carnitas was a little too tough for me but the man liked it.  Good sidenote , very clean, friendly, they live feed security cameras in the restaurant so you can watch yoyr food being prepared,  and your car outside. Pretty cool.  

                If I could rate this place a 0..I WOULD!!! I had recently moved down the street from this place and decided to check it out because it is the closest Mexican restaurant to my home. Before I even opened the door, there were flies everywhere especially on the doors and door handles. To my surprise, the inside of the restaurant was also filled with flies. Not one or two, but a whole swarm of them. The worst part was that both the customers eating in there and the workers did not seem to notice. I was further disgusted to see that a huge carcass of meat was left exposed on the rotisserie despite the disgusting flies, and this did not include the salsa bar that was also left exposed. I have never been so disgusted in my life, and I did not even make it to the counter. Despite the good rating and wonderful reviews, I WILL NEVER EAT IN THIS FLY INFESTED RESTAURANT!! I was out the door before it even had the chance to close from when I entered.  

                Tacos and burritos are good. Love the green salsa. My only issues with this place is that they need to have an english menu and change the business times. They close before 10pm..  as a successful business restaurant they should be checking the times posted here on yelp and making sure its correct. I came here after work hoping to get something quick and good to only get disappointed that they closed 2 hours early... oh and they need workers to speak decent english.. I had a worker one time who could ONLY tell me my amount in spanish..  

                A true gem for some carne asada or al pastor tacos. I ordered both the super taco, and the regular tacos just to see what the difference was. I wasn't enjoying the super tacos as much, and felt the simplicity of the regular tacos were much more worth it. I recommend the thicker, avocado salsa that they have at the salsa bar.   Negative one star for the young woman who was in charge of taking orders at the register. She kept asking me if I was ready and seemed annoyed as I was looking at the menu. I had questions about menu choices but decided against asking her after awhile.   Will be back for some tacos in the future!  

                Ummm yummmo!!! Carne asada burrito always good with the verde salsa..  

                Two stars because boyfriend liked this place and it's close to my house. I ordered nachos with carne asada and it took literally 25 minutes because I think they forgot my order. On top of that it lacked flavor and did not taste good. I hate wasting food but it tasted so bad I threw half away. Also there's a minimum charge of $20 for debit and credit cards transaction so if you don't have cash you can use their atm machine. I asked the cashier since I didn't have cash if she can just charge a debit card fee and she said no.  

                Excellent burritos and tacos. Al Pastor and Carnitas are the best I've had. Extremely clean and always good service. Food sometimes takes a little while to come out, but you can see them working and they don't rush.   For me, the "super burrito al pastor" is the best burrito in the bay area.  Cash only.  

                Omg!!! This place was actually the place that made me give up vegetarianism 4 years ago when I had my friend's carne asada taco!!!!  I LOVE YOU COWS BUT I LOVE YOU MORE IN MY STOMACH  

                The best place for street style carne asada tacos!   The tacos consist of a cute little tortilla, extra juicy/moist carne asada beef, and onions and cilantro. All the ingredients are made by Araujo's. It's love inside a tortilla!!! Don't waste your money on the super taco, go for the authentic taste.  

                2 stars for the cstmr srvice and   0 stars for the food   this place is so bad the food has no flavor we drove all the way there for their barbacoa and when we got there they said we ran out since yesterday .  i was like WHAT? FOR REALS is saturday you guys should have plenty of food for a bz weekend..    their carnitas are very dried and old their asada is very fatty ...  im not coming back here.  

                Cash Only.. They also have an ATM in there!  4 Stars for fast service and great food! My sister and I ordered the Shrimp Ceviche Toastada, 3 Carne Asada Steak Tacos, and the Steak Super Burrito. All were fresh and juicy! The shrimp ceviche tasted like any other ceviche I had as well as the steak tacos. BUT there was something different about the Super Burrito that was very delicious and tender. Burrito was huge! Minus one star for the cashier.. not sure if she was having a bad or long day but she was not friendly at all whatsoever and did not have a smile on her face when taking orders. The menu was in espanol as well and they did not have categories seperating for a single order or a super order. For example, a Taco listed for $1.75 but next to it was another price which was $3.40... am I slow or was I even suppose to know that - that was the super order side? I asked her what was the other side for and she just stood there and stared acting like I knew. Other than that, food was delicious and came out fast!  

                Compadre in the back cookin is coo. Hook me up with some stuff. I come on late night eats with homies, and this place does it good everytime. Al pastor was juicy and delicious. Coo kick it spot to eat indoors and its close by.  

                the best Mexican foods!!!! fresh, hot and they do right in front of your eyes. the price is cheap and friendly workers.  they open late until midnight. they BBQ outside parking lot............ I love their Spring borito.  

                I've been here several times and always ordered their chilaqiiles chile verde. It's yummy and generous portioned. Hubby always ordered the super tacos which are always loaded. This time is tried the chile verde enchiladas plate. Chicken for the enchiladas. It was delicious! 4 enchiladas stuffed with tender well-seasoned chicken topped with chile verde salsa and lightly sprinkled with white melted queso... Came with beans and rice and salad. It was very tasty and filling. One more fav from this place. Good job.  

                The food was terrible the service was very very very bad and the environment was just like tijauna..  

                Can never go wrong with araujos. I usually order the tacos, burritos, nachos, and pupusas. I've even purchased churros from the vendor outside their door. I love that they open late.  

                I love their carne asada burritos and their drinks, but their pineapple, strawberry and mango drinks were slightly pricey.   The place was very clean (at night) during my visits. They don't take credit/debit cards but there is an atm in the corner. Overall, I find their food to be better than most places.  

                So good!!!  

                Had a shrimp cocktail worst I have had in a long time very little shrimp in a very large glass, shrimp were small and all juice will not order again not impressed with food  

                Good cheap eats! One of my fave Mexican lunch spots, they have a huge menu but I've only tried their steak and pork burritos and they were delicious!!! Very meaty (kinda fatty) and they'll give you grilled jalepenos and onions if you ask them to.   The place is super clean and has a nice salsa bar. The sweet smell of grill meat in their parking lot will make you salivate. nomm!  -1 star for the language barrier. I order a burrito with no rice and they charged me for rice because they thought I said extra rice.  

                $4 for a standard (which they call "grande") horchata is quite ridiculous!  Other than that, the food is great I must say. Carne asada and al pastor tacos (hand-made tortillas) are my most  favorite.  

                Went there with a buddy at what we didn't realize was a few minutes before closing. When we got there, most of the chairs had been put up on tables, so we asked the cashier if it was too late to order. She insisted that it was ok to order, so we got a couple of super burritos and some nachos and ate in. Food was great, wasn't any worse even that close to closing time.   I have to disagree with a few other reviewers. They had to-go containers and it wasn't an issue to get one. Also, how can "You have to get your own sauce" be a Con? What the hell? This isn't Taco Bell where everything comes in a packet from a box, its made fresh, so grab what you want and stop being lazy.  

                My regular place for tacos. I used to come here at least once a week.  I love their beef tacos with grilled onions and jalapeno.  This place is very casual. Just come for food.  Definitely come back many many many times..  

                I had been coming here a while but no more.  $3.50 for a "large" horchata which is regular/small by area standards.  Big price hike.  No thanks.  

                GREAT SERVICE! They keep the restaurant clean, are extremely friendly and make some good carne asada!  

                I remember when this place use to just be a cart selling tacos. Now look! This place is truly blessed. Good food good people good place to eat.  

                Delicious lengua tacos! The tortillas were great but  fell apart because of the generous meat portion! Need 2 tortillas per taco! I ordered two lengua tacos and a side of retried beans with onions. Also had a Mango Agua Fresca. The lengua was tender and seasoned to perfection. The beans were well seasoned and creamy. I added some radishes and salsa from the salsa bar. Everything was fresh and tasty. At 3 on a Saturday afternoon, the place had a steady flow of customers - mostly families and lots of take out orders. Not far from my home, I'll come back again.  

                Way over priced, a torta for almost 8? please. you can get a torta under $6 at Mi Pueblo. And it wasn't even great. The tables are usually dirty. Only reason I came in here is because its close to my office. You'd expect them to have some type of dress code, our cashier was wearing a cheetah print bra with a white tshirt, seriously? Tackyville.  First time and last time. Oh and bring cash, they don't take ATM, unless you wanna use the machine in the back.  

                They actually grill the meat over charcoal not like the others that cook it with oil.  

                We stopped by for lunch. Found a table and got in line to order. The girl was friendly and we were advises that tacos are the best here. we order 4 beef tacos each person and seated in the next room.  The Tacos are very tasty . It is the whole new experience . Way better than Taco bell tacos. 5 stars .  

                The tacos here were excellent. I loved the homemade tortilla and the meat was really fresh. I wish they added more meat to the taco. I also had a carne asada super burrito. It was decent. Again the meat was fresh, but the rice inside had a weird texture. Luckily I was able to drown it with salsa.  They also give you sides of grilled onions and jalapeños. The onions were over cooked and almost caramelized-not what you see in normal Mexican onions. And the jalapeño was not spicy at all. The salsa bar they had consisted of radishes, spicy chunky red salsa, green thick avocado like salsa, red salsa and the typical verde salsa. Everybody kept saying the green thick avocado salsa was amazing but I didn't think it was great. The one salsa that really had an impression was the chunky red salsa. Also the radishes were cut nice, but very dry.  

                Gave this place a try for the first time today and I definitely think I'll be back.  Super burritos are $7.25 each and include all the fixings.  Very flavorful carne asada and has that nice off the grill taste.  I went in around 1:45pm and it was empty.  They had great/quick service for take out and I was uber full from the burrito.  That says a lot given my appetite.  Definitely worth a trip if you're hungry for a good quality burrito.  

                I think this place has the best carne asada burritos and tacos! Their tortillas for tacos are homemade! Come on who doesn't like that? Their aguas frescas are amazing as well! Definitely worth the high prices!!! (Yeah I know it's pricy, but worth it!)  

                Dont ever buy in this Taqueria. The meat is of the lowest quality with lots of fat and may get you sick.  Just open the Burrito and check the quality of meat. I got sick twice already so this was my very lat time eating there. Sorry but they need to get much much better. Don't settle for this it's not that cheap anyway.  

                Very good food .. I tried the adobada tacos and the cheese popusas and they were very good.. The horchata was also good and I would recommend this place.  

                I still remember when this place started as a taco truck. The line was always super long so it deterred me from ever trying it. But man am I glad I did. My favorite from this place has to be the al pastor when it's freshly cooked and hasn't been sitting out for awhile. It's cooked slightly burned so the edges are crispy and the flavor just oozes out of it. Portions are pretty gigantic here too depending on who is preparing your food. I would love to eat here all the time, but it can take a toll on your well being. Lol  

                This is my all time favorite place to go to get a delicious burrito! If I'm ever craving Mexican food, this is where I'd go first! I always get there burritos which is huge and very delicious. They provide us with a variety of unlimited sauce in which are very delicious to eat with my burrito. The workers are super friendly and always ask me if I want anything else with my burrito such as grilled onions, fried jalapeños, etc. which is very thoughtful of them. I absolutely love eating here with my family. The restaurant is very clean and I just love their food. They serve the best Mexican food I have ever tasted!  

                Been to a lot of Mexican food places all around and this place by far is THE best. Anytime we are in the SJ area we hit this place up even if we already ate someplace else...just to bring the food home! Lol oh and to pick up some movies haha. Great Salsa and tasty Meats!!  

                Awesome food.  I came all the way from fremont to try there burritos.  Pretty good. I love chicken burritos. Unfortunately everyone else loves they're chicken burritos too because they ran out before I got there.  So I ordered asada.  Still really good. Much thanks to them for they're great food.  

                The BEST Al Pastor!!!!!!  Great food!!!  But no credit cards??????  

                My favorite mexican restaurant in San Jose, hands-down. I live in north SJ and drive down to this location to eat, it's that good. Everything is freshly made from the tortillas to the fresh-cut al pastor to the different-flavored horchata's. Judging from the store and TV upgrades, they must be doing pretty well these days.  :)  

                This is the best place to get Mexican food. Way better than any Taqueria I have ever been to. I've eaten the super burrito there, and the tacos. Their carne asada is amazing. They even let you customize how you want it. I always ask for crunchy beef, and they will surely supply you with it. The only thing about it is that they only accept cash, they should start accepting credit or debit because I would eat there more often if they did, because this place is really good!! They let you grab your own sauce and limes. They even provide turnip to clean your palate. I highly recommend eating at this place, it's way better than many Taquerias.  

                I've passed by this taqueria countless times as I often frequent the Vietnamese establishments just down the street. My friend Winston swears by this place so I thought I'd give it a try.   My bf and I ordered the al pastor tacos and carne asada & al pastor burrito. The tortillas are freshly made at the store. They grill up the tortillas for both the tacos and the burrito, giving it an extra crispy taste. The meat is grilled to perfection. Don't forget to get a side of grilled onions and jalapeno peppers. Those two off-the-menu items are what sets this taqueria apart from the bunch. The grilled onions have a nice caramelized flavor to them. My bf said this place has the best burrito he's ever tasted. That's saying a lot as he has had quite a few in his lifetime, being an honorary Latino. My man loves Mexican food and this place is probably one of the best we've been to. Bring cash as they do not take credit cards here. Happy eating!  

                I wanted a chicken burrito but they run out so I got beef instead. The wait was kind of long since this place is very popular. I beef is well season n I like that they have so many aside you can try. They give you so much meat, n the juicy spill out of the burrito when I was butting in to it.  

                Bring cash!!!  

                I would leave negative star if i could. The lady at the register was very rude... The menu is on a T.V up high where it is very hard to read and very bad resolution.. I asked for a menu and the lady said no menu look at the T.V. Also i ordered 8 tacos and they only gave me 7.  

                Been a loyal customer to them since they first started off as a food truck. I always order the same thing: a super burrito, carne asada. It's the best in town and you can't go wrong with it.  Seriously, give these guys a try!  

                Pros:  Green Sauce to die for The best Mexican taco meats (#1 Al Pastor) Better prices and better food than Ripotle (Chipotle) One million times better than Baja Crap Fresh.  Cons: Spanish speaking and mime gesturing only cashier Take only UTM (Under The Mattress or Cash only) CYOT (Clean your own table) GYOS (Get your own sauce) Only Univision and/or Telemundo are on the large plasma screens.  Even Barney was in Spanish. No to go container besides a paper plate and foil.  Botton line I go here only for Mexican food.  I used to like Chipotle but  it's expensive and the meat is overrated, overpriced, and unsatisfying.  The Mexican meat here is some of the best I have eaten.  The tortillas are freshly made.  I used to hate tortillas probably because they weren't fresh and tasted like flour jerky until I went to Mexico.  I ordered a carne asada cheese Quesadilla and it was over flowing with beef!  A carnivore's dream. Add the green sauce and it's to die for.  I think it's better than the orange sauce (not as rich and slightly creamy but just as spicy).  In fact, I love the sauce so much I bought a jug or rather an extra large drink cup of it for $3.99. They pretty much give you a large drink cup for the sauce but they grab a fresh version from the back instead of the communal container at the front or so I am lead to believe.  Ghetto but it works.  And yes, tables are sometimes dirty but if you're a high maintenance person in general and used to French Laundry service, then please don't go here and complain.  One thing I have learned is that if you really have to have a lot of meat, I would order the super burrito.  More meat bang for the buck and the juices especially from the al pastor are simmering inside the burrito.  Yum!  

                I've been here plenty of times and it seems to get better and better every time. I came here last night and got the super taco with carnitas and it was made with the freshest ingredients. The meat was perfect and the taco itself was absolute perfection. There was double tortillas and i like that. My fiance had the burrito which he loves. It's very fresh and tasty here and they do have dining table available. Their horchata is okay and may be a bit powdery but the food is amazing.  

                i came here because it was a long day after work. My sister and I walk in and nobody really wanted to help us... was it because we cant speak Spanish?? Well after all the ordering... (we ordered 25 tacos) we asked nicely for 4 small togo cups that way we can get some taco sauce, the young lady refused and went to ask another worker. She came back and said i'm sorry but we can only give you two cups... so we said okay thanks. Did they expect us to get 25+ small sauce cups??? If so that's insane!  

                Tongue Tacos! Whenever I have out of towners come in that wants to try some real Mexican food I bring them here.   Have not had one complaint yet! I just wish the sauces were easier to grab but then again, they let you grab as much as you want so I dunno why I'm even complaining about this. o.O  

                I went to this restaurant about a month ago with my family. I was quite disappointed on the cleanliness of this place. The lady that was chopping the condiments for the condiment table was sneezing and cleaning her nose with her hand but never once did she leave to wash her hands. As if that was bad the lady that was cleaning the tables and garnishing the area around the Aguas Frescas, went to the restroom, I know because I waited for her outside the stahl, she took her time texting and calling and then when she finished doing her business she didn't even wash her hands! I was quite disappointed, I really liked this place but after that I don't think in will be going to this establishment again. Good bye tacos El Paisa :(  

                One the the best tortas in town. !!  

                Good place as far as the food prep and quality goes. Buuuut, a restaurant is a business and customer service goes along way. I am sadly here to say I've been to the establishment more than a few times and SERVICE IS NOT SO GREAT. UGH!! Why? Several times there has been a communication gap between cashier/mgr and cook staff so orders come out incorrect. Tonight I ordered a Pastor Taco Salad ( I guess thats not commonly ordered ) and the server held out a Asada Burrito. I kindly told him my order, he looked at his mgr, exchange a few words with her and took it back. So finally after waiting approximately 25-30 minutes for my order they just ASADA  Taco Salad (I didnt find out it was the wrong type of meat until I got home) on the handoff plane and not say anything. :-( I really do like the food here, but I will weigh having to deal with crappy service for good food. Sigh. This place could do so much better only if...  

                The food here is authentic and delicious. I have been trying out quite a few places here for the best Mexican food around and this one is one of the great places. For sure I'll be back.  

                I went here to eat a late lunch and there weren't a lot of people there.  The first thing I noticed was the menu.  It wasn't a regular menu but it was on a LCD tv.  The design of the place looked like the menu could've been spanned along the top part (see the pictures) but I guess they wanted to go with the LCD tv.  It might be a little hard to read though.  Another thing I noticed about the place was how I felt.  I had this weird vibe from the place but it was probably just me.  There were a bunch of tables spread out and it seemed sufficient to hold a busy lunch time.  I ordered a Super Burrito ($5.75) with Carne Asada and everything in it.  When it came time to order a drink, I noticed (again me being ever so observant -_-) the only fountain soda they had in the back was Sprite but I doubt that was even working; instead, I ordered a Jarritos bottle ($1.75) that were displayed on the counter.  I paid $8.20 for my food and sat down.  The service was slow a bit but I think only one guy was making everything.  When my burrito was ready, he called my name and I went to pick it up from the counter.  The burrito was pretty good and I especially like the meat.  Its flavor was nothing like I've tasted or could remembered.  The burrito was just right - not too dry and not too juicy.  The outside of the burrito was a little bit crisp and not soft like most burritos I've had.  I think they let the burrito sit on the grill or something but it was good.  There was also a salsa bar but I didn't get anything since my burrito was fine the way it was.  One of the six or so LCD tvs was showing a camera feed to the bunch of cameras around the area.  One showed the parking lot, the kitchen, the place where people ate at, and outside the front door to name a few.  I don't know if people would like to see that on a huge LCD tv but whatever floats his or her boat.    For some reason, the bathrooms were locked and I think you need to ask them for a key.  I didn't have to go to the bathroom but that's what I noticed.  

                After finding them on Facebook, I let them know about my displeasure and was asked to email my experience.  After the email, I received a response from the management team, namely Frank, who offered me a voucher for a meal on the house in hopes that I would come back. I did, and after verifying my voucher, the woman who helped me was very generous and hospitable. Had I gotten service like this in the first place, I would have made this place a weekly must visit.  The food is good, but it's kind of disappointing that it took a complaint email for the problem to be rectified. I hope that they train their employees to treat their customers better from now on and that their employees don't act in a way where there are future complaint emails on their customer service.  

                Had to try the torta de lengua (tongue). It was just calling my name. I just love me a good light torta, not one that makes me feel greasy and gross. It had plenty of lengua, avocado, lettuce, tomato.  Lots of aguas frescas available: mango, sandia (watermelon), fresa (strawberry), hortchata (rice water), frutas (mixed fruits), etc  This place is nice and clean. Looks very well run (looked like the owner was there running the show, cleaning tables, etc). They have a couple TVs in the place. Saturday afternoon had one college game on, an Univision variety show, and the last TV was cycling through the security cameras. You can keep an eye on your car if you want! (not sure if that makes you feel more or less reassured)  

                They have really good tacos here  

                Had the Quesadilla Al Pastor on a flour/harina tortilla and some Tacos. Tortillas are homemade!  Ok here is what you do, order tacos al pastor with everything pour on some of their green avocado salsa...and enjoy a moment of bliss.  

                This place is a hit and miss with the Pork burritos.  Everytime I come here, I order the Pork Super Burrito. Its always a 50/50 chance of what kind of meat I am going to get. You're either gonna get that nice fried one that I love with that crispiness to it or you're going to get the pulled pork. It's good too but I like the fried one more.  The workers here aren't really the best English speakers so you might have to learn Spanish to order food here.  I come here a little too often and I sorta made it a problem with myself by speaking Spanish to all the workers. They know that I'm trying to learn Spanish so now, all the workers won't let me order unless I speak Spanish haha. Some of the new workers don't recognize me so when I get lucky, I order from the new workers so I can speak good ol' English.  Pork Burrito all day any day... And then spend 2 hours at the gym burning that bad boy off.  

                DAMN!!! That's all I found myself saying/thinking after every bite of this burrito. Just so damn good!  When first entering the restaurant, it took me a second to figure out the ordering process as people were seemingly standing all over the place. So the way to get your food here is to go the cashier first to place and pay for your order. Then you walk back towards the entrance to wait for the cooks to make your order. The setup of the restaurant makes you think it'd be the other way around where you tell the cooks what you want and then continue walking further in to pay but I digress.  So I decided to try the Carne Asada Super Burrito to see how it compares to other taquerias I've been to as this is my typical order wherever I go. Just from watching them place all the fresh ingredients on to their handmade tortilla, I knew this was gonna be amazing. I got a side of the grilled onions and peppers to go with it and all I can say is that this is going to be a staple whenever I come here. DAMN! Soooo good! The burrito by itself is already ridiculously good. You start adding those peppers and onions to it and your mind will be blown. I'm so glad I live so close to this place now as I will be coming here as often as possible now!  

