                This is overdue as I was here two months ago. Traveling in the area and searched out an Indian restaurant on Yelp. Probably drove 15 miles out of my way because of the reviews but so glad I did.  Sat at the bar and the place was pretty slow that night. Delicious Chicken Vindaloo. Spicy. Perfect heat. Chatted with the owner (sorry I forget your name now). Super nice guy and a big soccer fan. Unfortunately a Chelsea fan but won't hold it against him. Anyway the rest of the food and naan bread was great. Will definitely be back.  

                It's okay. Certainly nothing exceptional. Mediocre really. Got a really bad vibe from the guys working there too. Didn't see a one of them crack a smile once. Wouldn't go back.  N.B. Not sure how this place is scoring five stars?? There are plenty of reviews with significantly lower ratings. Must be Yelp arithmetic.  

                This place is delicious!! Great service too. Visited for the first time last night while traveling through the area. It was super busy because of Valentine's Day but the staff worked very hard to get us a table and serve our food in a timely manner. They totally made our night! I'm not from the area, but if I was, this would be a regular spot for me.  

                Not sure how this place is rated 5* it barely serves 3* quality food. Either everyone rating this place has never tried an Indian restaurant (or) are too excited to find an Indian restaurant in the middle of no where, at least that was the reason for one of the stars from me. They were the only ones open on a Saturday evening in a 10mi radius.  - Service was good, better than you would expect at an Indian restaurant. - Food is mediocre, at best. Highlight was the Biryani (or) what the chef thinks is biryani because it has got a variety of vegetables in it, some combination of zucchini, broccoli, peppers etc, and none of the biryani flavor.  Unless you are in the area with no other choice, I wouldn't recommend.  

                Update: My husband and I went back later that week, and the food and service was even better. I wish we lived in the area so that we could keep going to Arti!!  

                We ate here  in the evening  on December 20, 2014.  The restaurant is in a small two-story buiding off St. Francisc Drake, with very small signage. It appears to be largely aimed at locals.   We were greeted warmly and seated immediately. Staff is very friendly, generally attentive. Restaurant was full. The plates are the same as in Lotus.  Some of the critical reviews of this place fairly review the problems. The food appears aimed at its local clientele who appear neither to want, nor to know about, Indian spices. The two women seated next to us took great pains to make certain their dishes were bland. (how they could be more bland than what we were served is hard to imagine). The dishes we had, although we did not ask for bland food, tasted only faintly of Indian spices. Many of the dishes state they are mildly spiced. We do not like super spicy foods, nor do we equate super spicy food as Indian, but we have had Indian food in many different places all over the world, and the level of spices used here was below anything we have ever encountered.  Although we appreciate organic food, we went here to have organic Indian food.  Appetizers - we had the Arti's mixed appetizer plate. The chicken pakora coating was not crisp and tasted as though it had been sitting before ordering. The vegetable pakora was slightly overcooked. The samosa was okay, but again, could have been more spiced. The menu does describe this as mildly spiced.  Nan - very good. Papadum - overly salty, lacking pepper bite. Also was very soft and not crisp (had it been sitting for a long time?)  Dipping sauces - mango chutney good.  Tamarind - good.    Arti's special - chicken cubes with mint, cilantro. Slightly on the dry side, and only faintly tasting of spices.  Tandoori chicken -- cooked perfectly but lacking any Indian flavor.  Red coloring was only real tie to normal Tandori chicken  The Chai tasted more like hot water, with very little chai spices.  The milk ball desert (Gulab) tasted largely like glue paste, did not have much of a fried coating, and was floating in a pool of what tasted as though it were thickened sugar water. No rosewater or other spice flavoring in the sauce.  If there were a way to get normally spiced Indian food, we might come back. Otherwise, Lotus in Fairfax is good.  

                As the sun settled in behind Mount Tam, my son and I pulled into the parking lot here.  The sky was dramatically grey, dark blue, and silver with a touch of evening fog. Through some buildings I could glimpse a little party happening behind someone's fence.  Twinkly, string lights glowed.  A bean bag was tossed above the fence line.  Voices, laughter.  All this poetry before I even stepped inside of Arti.    There's a reason Arti has so many 5-star yelp reviews as there's a reason I penned that poetic prose in the paragraph above.  Arti feels loved.  It feels womb-like and welcoming.  Its food is soul-warming.  The steam and aroma emanating from the chicken tandoori makes you want to kindly ask for pieces from your neighbor's table.    We ate lightly, starting with my favorite Indian food on the planet, Bhel Puri.  It's listed under chaats in the appetizer section.  No matter where you are, when you find Bhel Puri on the menu just order it.  You can thank me later.  We also shared a mildly spiced Channa Masala, Onion Naan, and a simple rice pilaf.  Arti's food was gentle and tasty but I think the feeling I left with was about more than just the food.  There was some very special energy emanating from and around this place and everyone inside seemed to have a happy aura.    I swear I didn't just come from Spirit Rock; Arti made me this way.  

                Oh my was this place good!!! My boyfriend, friend and I were visiting the north coast on vacation this year. We stayed at the Point Reyes Hostel and this was our dinner plans for one night.  To say that we were happy is an understatement. Everything we had was wonderful and filled our bodies with the lovely warming essence of great Indian food.  The service was good. The wait time for the food was very reasonable. The decor is nice. The place is smaller and I'm thinking from these reviews they may have to grow at some point.  We made sure to tell the employee at the hostel to recommend this place to others staying there too.  We were stuffed! Also, My boyfriend and I eat mostly vegan while our friend is a meat eater. We all found wonderful food to eat. I would recommend reservations too.  I mentioned that we planned to eat here only one night but after a long day hike the next day, all we could think about was the food, and so we arrived again for a second night. We didn't have reservations and had to wait about twenty minutes but it was well well worth it.  Don't' miss out!!! Go here!  

                I have visited this place twice, and both times have had excellent Indian food.  Last time we visited, they had a great veg coconut curry that was outstanding.   I've also tried the Sag paneer and the masala curry with chicken and they were great.  I would not have expected such good Indian food out here in West Marin, but this place delivers the goods!  This is a great stop on the way home from Pt. Reyes after a long hike.  

                Savoring leftovers. Glad we had them. Lots of them.  Amazing, surprising find a midst the redwoods.  Do it. On the way to Point Reyes. On the way home.  The dal makhni was amazing. Multiple kinds of legumes simmering in an immensely flavored sauce I couldn't help but lick off the spoon, spread on naan, smother my rice in... you follow.  In an effort to avoid creamy sauces, the hearty portion of chicken tikka kebabs (tandoori) over onions and peppers was marinated and cooked to just the right tenderness, as was the karahi lamb, a tomatoy curry loaded with peppers and onions. Not spicy, just full of spices. Delicious. Brown rice to mix it up from the usual basmati and an order of plain naan, thankfully not slathered in butter like it's found all too often.  While the food didn't exactly fly out of the kitchen, I knew they were making it to order.  A bunch of people were in to pick up their take out orders while we sat and savored. The cafe is simple in decor and service, but all friendly and tasteful and a warm escape out of the brisk Pacific coast air. Come summer sun, there are plenty of seats out front to enjoy.  It might not be worth driving to Lagunitas for this alone, but when you're headed to the coast or Samuel Taylor Park, you're gonna wanna check this out.  Thank me later. Or just hand over your leftovers.  

                This place is just amazing. Its located somewhere in the middle of nowhere. may be a forest place I think. we stopped here for evening snack. we had very samosas that were perfectly crispy and very tasty as its meant to be. Chai was really awesome here. Its a small place with limited seating but shouldn't be hard to find a table. It was mostly filled when we were there. Everything is served hot and fresh. No old stuff. I would recommend this if you are in the area.  

                Stopped by here for a bathroom break and to order some snacks as my hubby & I were cruising Marin County. Loved the location as it is kind of up in the mountains and I also noticed that it was very busy! Good for business and also an indicator that their food must be good. I however, wasn't very impressed with the taste of the items we ordered: Mango Lassi, Veggie Samosas and Arti Platter. It wasn't the best nor was it horrible - just okay. Nothing to write home about - they are very nice here though and their Customer Service is definitely a plus. It's also nice and clean here too. A little pressed for space w/ all of the traffic going in and out but nice little quaint place to have dinner if you're craving Indian.  

                Dined here while staying in Mill Valley late December 2014. Really good and healthy Indian food. They have all sorts of vegan and vegetarian options. More importantly they have a gluten free option for the Naan and it taste really good. The restaurant is pretty popular with the locals. To sum it up, I highly recommend it if you are in the area. The coconut curry is phenomenal!  

                When the food is this good its hard not to give 5 stars.  Quality you taste before and after the meal.  The ingredients, presentation, taste, and smell are top notch.  I have had the pleasure of eating here twice and on the second pass it was as good or better than I remembered.  What a gem!!  

                Love you so much guys! You are the best!! The food is always so fresh, delicious and consistent. Your personal, friendly and compassion touch is precious. We are very grateful you are here, Vivi and Michael  

                My favorite Indian food restaurant. Been coming here since they first opened. The best food, chicken korma and much more. And the best Chai ever made here from scratch.  Noel, the owner is simply adorable, he makes you feel like he is welcoming you into his home.  

                I've been living in west Marin since March (2014) and have often found myself wanting for that something special. I have passed this place many times and wondered but the premises and the location (middle of nowhere) just did not fit with my preconceived ideas of where you get good Indian food. Boy was I wrong. If it wasn't for the bad mojo between my wife and I and a hungry and tired 2 yr old... hitting the limits of what is safe in a restaurant we wouldn't have abandoned our trip to Fairfax and "settled" for this little gem. This is top shelf, authentic Indian cuisine. There are places you love to share but Arti's is the place you want to keep to yourself. Wonderful food, ambience and service. No loud talkers here.  

                Why have I driven past here so many times and only just recently stopped to eat? What was I thinking?!? Arti is about as good as it gets for Indian food.  I haven't been let down by a single dish here. I'd say order your favorites and expect to thouroughly enjoy. The spices were just right, portion size is about avg, and the naan was soft and warm. The chai tea is good too. I don't know what/which ingredients are local and/or organic but the food is very good so I'm coming back regardless.   The place is intimate but very clean and nicely decorated with intetesting art. The bathroom was super clean and fresh... always a positive. Srrvice was sbappy and prices were reasonable. Definitely worth the drive to get here!  Don't make my mistake and drive past... hit it up now!  

                Best Indian food (natural organic) in the North Bay--simply phenomenal!  Love this place!  If you're ever in Marin, you must try this place for lunch or dinner!  

                The best Shrimp in coconut curry that I tried so far. We are very pleased that we stop by. Good customer service.  

                Arti's! What a gift. ORGANIC Indian food that is perfectly prepared from the most wholesome ingredients. Dine in (recommended) or takeaway (convenient!)  Noel, the proprietor, is awesome and there to lovingly welcome you and wish you well coming and going.  Big props for the Aloo Tikki Chaat - normally a cold dish, Arti's serves it warm to great effect...especially on a chilly Falk night.  My personal fave - Lamb Vindaloo - always available at varied spice levels. Make mine hot!  Excellent.  Thank you, Arti's! Your a haven of extra cozy goodness in an already wonderful part of the world.  PS. The kids dig the Onion Bhaji!  

                YUM!!  We stopped here on the way back from a hike and the food was amazing!  They have the best samosas I've ever tasted - not too greasy like some, yet buttery and flaky.  The breads and the rice were superior, too!  We tried the special, which was a coconut vegetable curry and it was delicious!!  This was a very rare instance where I walked out of an indian restaurant not feeling bloated and uncomfortable :)  Big plus!  Will definitely be back!  

                Living out in the redwood forest is a dream come true ... and being somewhat from civilization does have its challenges. There are exactly 2 proper restaurants near my home (The Two Bird Cafe and Arti) and BOTH are amazing!  I am truly a blessed man. The savory delights that come out of Arti's friendly kitchen are to die for. Best Indian food this side of Avatar in Sausalito. Service is professional, prompt, efficient and friendly and the food is always top notch (Saag Paneer. Lamb Vindaloo and the amazing Samosas are faves). Thank you Arti for making paradise just a little better for me and my family. I'm eternally grateful you are nearby.  

                This food was amazing!! It's obviously made from scratch and fresh. They do not cut corners with the food.  The staff was very informative and helpful.  

                The food was good. I recommend this place.  

                A little slice of paradise. Try the Tikka Masala and your kids will be grateful and happy!  

                What a great place amongst beautiful trees.  I love good Indian food and Arti's was a hit.  We had tiki masala, korma, samosa and naan.  All of it was wonderful and some of the best I've ever had.  The samosas were the biggest surprise.  Yum!!!!  Would definitely go again if I was near by.  

                Exceptional Indian.  Had the lamb vindaloo, incredible clarity of flavors and perfectly spiced.  Wife had the eggplant dish, loved it as well.  Be certain to make a reservation on weekends or at prime time as seating is limited.  

                Tastes great.  Fresh.  With great gluten free options.  I would give it 5 states if it was faster, but good food takes time. (Maybe another waiter would help.)   I will definitely come again.  

                I stopped here on the way home back from Point Reyes. This is One of the best restaurants I had in California. Food was very fresh and tasty. We ordered Garlic naan, butter naan, dal makhni, navratan Korma, chicken curry, Jeera rice. If you like spicy..let the waiter know before hand that u want extra spicy (which is normal spicy). I never had such soft and delicious naan, it was very perfect. We were able to complete all the dishes. I recommend to try this place if you visit point reyes. This location is idle to have tea outside the restaurant in the evening.  

                An adventure of the senses  When you want to rub korma sauce all over your body you know youve found something worth your while.  The chicken cashew korma is delicious.  Driving here is a scenic adventure as you pass through the charming towns of Marin, Ross, San Anselmo and Fairfax you start to enter the natural wooded mountainous areas of gorgeous Northern California.  We arrived here around 8:40pm (it says it closes at 9:30 on yelp but beware they were about to close up because no one was there) they still welcomed us and proceeded to serve us a 5 star Indian feast.  We ordered the sag paneer, aloo gobi and chicken korma and were delighted with each dish. The food here is so fresh, the chicken was delicious- not like most grissly chicken pieces at other Asian restaurants that make you want to die inside a little as you try your best to chew through the cartildge, the spinach was fresh and light and nothing was greasy and too heavy which is a challenge when eating Indian. The mango chutney was fresh and quite tasty a perfect edition to the creamy chicken dish.  We wolfed down the entire meal feeling incredibly satisfied and leaving nothing behind.  If you haven't been here - your bad.  

                Best Indian Food compared to any I've savored in all of Marin, Berkeley and San Francisco.  Fresh, organic, flavorful and inexpensive for the excellent quality and taste. Ordered enough for four to over-indulge and spent under $100 including 22% tip. Staff is very friendly and outgoing. Reservations are recommended since cafe is quaint and draws a crowd. Well worth the scenic drive  to Lagunitas.  

                A true diamond in the rough.  Located in the vast culinary desert of West Marin (SG Valley no less) , Arti is without question a phenomenon to be appreciated.  If Arti were located in San Francisco or Oakland/Berkeley there would be a line to get in but out here in the sticks you need not worry about that.  Their food tastes very fresh and not heavy like most Indian restaurants.  The service is always prompt, friendly,the ambiance is pleasant and their prices are reasonable.   I have canvassed much of the Bay Area for good Indian food and Arti is by far the leader in the pack.  PS: Try the Arti Special on the menu...it is to die for  

                I was visiting my family and we went to Arti because of such good reviews here in Yelp. My mother has a walker and people were very friendly about seating her even though the place was small.  Here are some Positives: *great food (all of it was good, Pesto Nan was good by itself, but too much flavor to mix with a sauce. *fantastic prices (four meals, wine and chai for just under $100) *Good Friendly service *we saw take out and thought that if we lived close by we would try that too. *nice atmosphere *good parking  Negatives *can't think of any.  

                great place to hit before or after a show at Rancho Nicasio!  Fun to go to a 5 star (yelp) place that's $$ and not $$$$.  Not much to add that others haven't said except its really the best Indian I've had and its very small.  we made a reservation and happy we did as we got the last table.  YUM  

                4 stars for the food.  But the 5th star is for very good Indian food in Woodacre, CA (imagine lots of trees, bikers, hikers, but not much else going on in the area).  Very small restaurant, hence the wait times are hit and miss.  Plus, the food takes a loooooong time to cook.  But the food did come out nice and hot.    The Chicken Tikka Masala, the Tandoori chicken and the Matar paneer were very yummy.  Nice soft garlic naan.  The aloo paratha was too dry for me but the rest of the table loved it.  The Tandoori chicken was probably among the best that I have ever had...super juicy and fell apart in my mouth bursting with flavor.  However, if you are ever in Southern California, I still think that Diamond Palace in Diamond Bar has better food...plus it's an AYCE (All You Can Eat) buffet at lunch times  

                Delicious FRESH Fantastic Indian Food.  What a hidden gem on the way to the coast.  Don't miss it and plan to be hungry when passing through the little town of Lagunitas on Sir Francis Drake.  It is a must!!! YUM!  

                WOW!!!  I'm stingy with "excellent" ratings especially when it comes to food. I would dub myself as a vicious critic. I cannot say enough good things about Arti. I will tell you I have eaten here several times and I LOVE Indian food. I've never been to India however I think the whole country could take lessons from Arti! My favorites are the veggie korma and the tandoori chicken. Don't cheat yourself out of the onion bhaji!!! (appetizer/onion fritters) the best part is I live less than a block away! Jealous aren't you!...... you should be =)  

                Love love live them so much! Best Indian Food in the bay area, and best service. If a) I had better reception or b) they had wireless I'd check in as often as I actually eat there.  

                My wife and I had the please of visiting this gem of a place while vacationing in Point Reyes two weeks ago. The food was great but above all the hospitality was something which attracted us to come here two days in a row.  Noel is a wonderful host and his attention to detail was immaculate, he made us felt quite at home - we later found out he was from the same place in India where I come from.  If you guys are in the area, then there is not much choice in terms of food (nothing if you are vegetarian), give this place a try, you would be glad you did.  Ryan  

                Fantastic vegan entrees and vegan breads!  The restaurant is quite small but my friends and I sat outside on the deck, which was pleasant and quiet.  We got there about 5:30 (mid-week) and by the time we left, it was packed.  Obviously a very popular restaurant.  Go early.  

                This is a great place to go most dinners. The service is fine, and the food is delicious. Great for a take-home dinner too. thumbs up!  

                Everyone at work was craving good Indian food, and a coworker recommended Arti. We work in Kentfield and I thought that's a long drive just for some lunch........IT WAS SO WORTH IT!!!!! 2 of the people ordering were Indian and they were blown away by how good the food was. I drove and drove and then ran into traffic and then there was Arti's.....like a mirage in the heat. Pulled in and Noel was there with my food waiting, what a NICE guy. Everyone in the kitchen said Hello and it felt like meeting up with old friends. We bought so much and ate it all. It was by far the best Indian food I have eaten EVER. So worth the drive to be greeted so nicely and to be fed so wonderfully. This was my first time but not my last.  Thank you everyone at Atri Cafe, you made some hungry peoples day today on a hot Saturday.  

                Worth the drive, even from Bolinas!   Frankie and staff prepare the freshest, most delicious Indian food. Our favorite is the chicken tikka masala and naan, but everything we've tried has been tasty.  

                Driving home after a long hike in Sammy P*, our tummies rumbled right on cue. "Turn here!" I exclaimed, "here's the Indian cafe I've been wanting to try!" One hairpin turn into the tiny plaza; an order of somosas, garlic naan, Tikka Masala, and Mattar Gazar Gobi, and, in my mom's case, two glasses of organic merlot later, my faith in humanity has been restored.   A list of random things....  1. On a Friday night, the small restaurant will get busy!   2. The food is so damn good.  3. Two glasses of wine + great meal will get you an awkward arm stroke and affectionate compliment from my mom. (Sorry to the front of house -- possibly Noel?)   4. The dog you left in the car will be unapologetically drooling over the box of leftovers as you drive home.  5. You will wake up early the next morning to feast on aforementioned leftovers before anyone else can....  *What the cool cats call Samuel P. Taylor, of course!  

                This is my favorite place in the workd to eat.  I love the food, the people, everything! Chicken Tiki Masala is the BOMB....we call it chicken with gravy.  I would eat here everyday if I could.  I LOVE IT  

                Arti Café is excellent! What a treat for the San Geronimo Valley. The menu has all that you'd expect from a typical Indian restaurant (and even a few you wouldn't, like Goan dishes), and what's more, the food is organic and delicious!  The service is wonderful too; I appreciate their attention to my restricted diet and steps to ensure that my dishes are lactose and gluten free. The ambiance is relaxed and comfortable - with inviting outdoor seating in hot times and cushy pillows and cool Indian collages to enjoy inside when the Valley fog makes you want to curl up, get dry and eat some warm, spicy food.    Every time I go (maybe twice a month), I hear first-time customers raving to each other about their experience.  Those who return will quickly get to know Noel (Frankie), the ever present, ever smiling co-owner of Arti.  His welcoming attitude and personal attention will make you feel like family. Even though they deliver, I don't hesitate driving the 20 minutes from Fairfax, just make an evening out of it.  

                Delicious flavorful food, excellent servings -- more than enough to have us leaving full and fully fulfilled!  Prices reasonable, and for the quality they serve of healthy, tasty organic food, it's well worth it! The service is beautiful, as Noel is gracious, unobtrusive and genuinely friendly and appreciative.  We were greeted like a long lost family member as we entered this cozy, comfortable and quaint atmosphere.  Outside seating is also a plus. We don't go out to West Marin that often, but we may do so more often as Arti is a superb dining experience.  

                We went to arti on Friday around 3pm with 7 of us including 3 kids under the age of four and a grandma. We sat outside, the patio was sunny and pleasant perfect for our loud rowdy group. Service was very friendly down to earth and prompt. Food was as good as it gets, we were thrilled to find this hidden gem after hiking around west marin all day. I had the tiki chicken masala, was so good, perfectly spiced and seasoned, meat was tender. Also had samosas, they were excellent as well. I'd eat here all the time if I lived closer, anytime I'm in town I will eat here again and order more. We went to some other restaurants out in point Reyes and they could not compete with the friendly service and quality of food at this restaurant. Even my brother who dislikes Indian food loved it. Thank you Arti for existing so I can stop by and eat your amazing food every time I'm in town. It was a wonderful casual dining experience.  

                We had a terrific dinner here. The food was fresh, flavorful and not too heavy. We started off with Bhel Puri which had different flavors which were so good together. The chicken curry and the saag panner were great. The waitress was pleasant.  

                This place was good. Its close to achieving a four, but just not quite there.  On the positive side, the food itself was good. Very good. From the chicken masala to the lamb naan, everything was very tasty. Portions on some were a little small, but we left full so can't really complain.  What drags the place down, though, is the location. Its small and cramped, while you feel like the waiting service is constantly watching you... to the point where it crosses the "being attentive" to "being a little distracting for the customers trying to eat". The seating itself for the "bench spot" was also uncomfortable as well.  All in all, the food is excellent, but the place isn't that great for a sit in meal. It would probably excel at take out, though, which is what many seem to use it for. Overall, it was good, but its not likely we will be going back.  

                Great little place out in the middle of the country. An excellent menu with lots to choose from for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike.   The place is small, but no more cramped than most restaurants in San Francisco. It's quiet though, so I'd recommend against planning your next bank robbery or discussing your ponzi scheme when you're there.  The law student at the next table really enjoyed her trip to Hawaii.  The food is very good, the service great. We had Samosa, Pakora, Malai Kofta and Paneer. One small ding, the food was a little drier than most Indian I've had - I'd suggest they all richer or creamier sauces.  Excellent value. Definitely worth the drive.  

                I am spoiled by Arti Cafe because of 2 dishes they have that I normally don't find in other Indian cafes. The Chicken Korma and the Pesto Naan. We've brought friends here who live in Marin and didn't know Arti's existed. It becomes one of their favorite places too. Worth the drive.  

                good Food In the Valley! i was soo happy to find that there was this new Indian Cuisine opening right down the road from me. I went to check it out, and was very pleased with the food and the service.  This is authentic Indian food, and its ORGANIC!. I think they have been open around 2 months now, and i have already eaten there about two dozen times. Im just so excited i dont have to go out of the valley anymore for good Organic food. I recommend getting the Aloo Gobi with Veg. Pakora and some Naan Bread. perfect combination!  This could be the best Restaurant in all of Marin for an affordable price. if not THE WORLD! Trust Me. You have got to CHECK IT OUT!  VEGANS have Many Options for ordering  

                Recent went to Arti, which is relatively new to the San Geronimo Valley. Very pleasant decor, with what look like home-made artwork.  Good Indian food. Not very expensive. Garlic Naan was extraordinary. Lamb and chicken curries were good. Vegetables were less overcooked than is the norm with Indian food, which is a plus for me.  I was pleasantly suprised to find out (after the fact) that the food is organic.   Great Mango Lassi which we had for "dessert" was very sweet.  

                The BEST restaurant in Marin County!  The food is very delicious and healthy. There aren't too many Natural and Organic Indian Cafes like this one. This place I trust. I could even say that there a rare gem that must be kept alive.   Talk about the perfect location! It surprised me that such an exquisite Indian Cafe would be located in the peaceful and luscious green town of Lagunitas/Forest Knolls. I discovered this place on my way to Stinson Beach. It's comforting to know that you don't have to go all the way into Fairfax, San Anselmo, San Rafel or even the city to get high quality and affordable food.   When the weather is nice and it's beautiful outside, I recommend eating on their patio. They have a breathtaking view of the tress and hills surrounding the area. You got to try it to believe it.   See you there!  ( <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.articafe.com&s=db42a0d651681932437c8715a9718ff1dc4c56223e71ea463225e9325f4b01f6" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">articafe.com</a> )  Justin  

                Truly a gem. Some of the best Indian food in the area and in Lagunitas, of all places. Arti's customers are both locals and weekenders heading to Point Reyes. Their food is top-notch, delicately spiced and with a wide array of both vegetarian, meat, and seafood options.  Their service truly sets them apart - they always go the extra mile to make you feel at home and well taken care of.  Excellent in every way. Don't pass this place up next time you're around!   I also hear they are going to come out with a breakfast menu soon - which is a rare sight in an Indian restaurant. I think they can pull it off, despite the fact that most Americans are not at all familiar with the concept.  

                Is it true?  Could it be?  Amazing food at the bottom of my street in little old Lagunitas?  Rejoice for the rumors speak true!  Arti is what we valley residents have been waiting for in that little location at the bottom of West Cintura.  Let me echo the above reviews by imploring all West Marin residents to give their patronage to this little gem so it sticks around...this place deserves it!  The atmosphere, service and the food are all great.  The cafe is well lit with some great art on the walls and comfy seats.  Roomy but still cozy, even when packed.  The service is super attentive and friendly.  The crew behind the counter is jolly and on top of their game.  My water glass was never lower than half, and there were plenty of other tables eating.  The food came out in a timely fashion, appetizers surprisingly so.  Most importantly the FOOD!  Totally delicious.  Appetizers (samosas) were freshly made and aromatic.  I got the eggplant vegetarian curry which had a unique, rich flavor.  My father got the lamb yogurt curry house specialty.  Creamy, rich and totally full of flavor.  It was all great.  And the price was righ.  37$ for three people after tax?  With naan, drinks and extras?  Sweet.  Hit it up.  

                Had a nice dinner here while camping at Samuel P. Taylor SP. For us, it didn't live up to the rave reviews - certainly I wouldn't drive out of my way to go here as some other reviews have suggested. In particular, the sauces were somewhat bland for Indian. On the plus size, the naan was light and airy, and the tandoori dishes looked pretty good.  

                Just brought home our Arti Usual: Chicken Tikka Masala, TWO orders of Pesto Naan (menu item "Special Naan"), Basmati Rice, and a Mango Lassi.  One of our favorite restaurants and wit the exception of a pizza place in Fairfax, the ONLY restaurant that delivers in the San Geronimo Valley.  They are quick to prepare your order, the food is amazing, the staff are polite, and above all they seek to please.  Other menu items that are outstanding are the Lamb Vindaloo (for those who do DO lamb.... try it once if you like beef, you probably won't even notice the difference with the exception of the gamier, more robust flavor of the meat); the Chicken Vindaloo is wonderful too, but after having their lamb it seems a bit boring. Also the Vegetable Samosas, Baigan Bhartha, Dal Makhni, and Sag Aloo make great vegetarian sides.  You MUST get one of their Mango Lassi's.  You MUST.  It's a law of the Valley now.  To make the lassi last longer, add more milk or water.  I personally would appreciate having my own pipeline run from the restaurant to my apartment, that had an endless supply of Mango Lassi.  Don't try to be the "special" or the "unique" on and order a plain sweet or salty lassi.  You can drink salty or sweet yogurt drink anywhere you want, but you get that fresh Mango Lassi, you hear me?  Or else you deserve the burn of the Lamb Vindaloo.  On the rare occasion we have leftover Chicken Tikka Masala?  The next morning we make it into an omelet; the leftover chicken is chopped and put inside the omelet with fresh chopped basil, and use the rest of the sauce to top the finished product.  You can use cheese if you want, be we don't because the sauce is definitely creamy enough.    This food is so good I started writing this while eating it; now I'm thinking to hell with you people, I'm hungry and this is amazing.  So eat there.  Or take it home.  I'm going to go enjoy my food.  

                This place was excellent, as good as advertised, and definitely worth the drive. we ordered a very broad variety, and we're happy with everything we got. Favorites were the chicken tikka masala and the nan with lamb. The service was very friendly, and the size of the seating area made for a very intimate meal.  

                They know how to make food.  best Indian food I have had outside of India.  And they get to know you quick. The owner actual works with online technologies and I have become good friends with him on Facebook, and he of my work.  Healthy business are ran by happy and involved owners!  

                This a gem of a restaurant! The owner Noel and staff are so attentive to your needs you feel like you are at home. My husband had mentioned a new Indian cafe had opened and we go once a week for our favorite meal.The is the best Indain food we have ever had so fresh all the ingreidents and the flavours are so intoxicating to your taste buds.I give this restaurant a 5 STAR + rating!!  The amibence is lovely with Indian music playing in the background you feel like you are in soothing restaurant.  

                We were heading to Point Reyes for the weekend and came across this place. Completely fresh and delicious Indian food. This place would give a lot of Indian restaurants in San Francisco a run for their money. The staff was also really nice and gave a free mango lassi to our toddler.  

                I love this place. Service is beyond friendly, food is delicious, fairly priced and they deliver! Absolutely wonderful :-)  

                I love this place! Amazing food owned by amazing people! vegan and gluten free options and they are so sweet! Organic and exactly what the valley needed!  

                We LOVE this place!  It has been such a treat to have Arti in the valley - a place where you are welcomed with kindness and incredible food!  Soon after they opened, my fiance and I discovered them and befriended John and Noel and frequent as much as possible.  We have had them cater several events and each time they have done and excellent job!  I love what they have created and most of all the delicious, organic food they serve with a smile!  

                Great Indian food. Actually delivered to our door in no time at all!  Organic, reasonable prices and tasted really fresh. Great to have as a local biz here in our valley. The location has seemed cursed in the past as several eateries have failed there. Arti might just break the trend with support from locals and tourists alike!  

                ARTI means devotion, worship to god ,, wow what a gt art by franky one of my best table attendent from cafe lotus fairfax came to lagunitas a opened a restaurant , a big plause my friend , keep it up the good work in arti , what a decor and well what a atmosphere ,, good job to the crew of franky , love the taste of so freshly cooked vegetables from the garden as franky told me he buys from earls organic produce company , loved the saag alo , bengan bartha and afcourse mango lassi , oh my gosh , what a creative art on mango lassi , topped with whipped cream and a cheery on top , keep it up guys ,and afcourse pesto naan so delicious ,, so yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmy,,,,, so if you go on camp ground or point reys or bolinas , you'll should stop by and refresh youself buying a mango lassi of  just $2.99 bucks , what a good deal , I can't wait for next time , good excellent service and attentive waiters ,, thanks franky for excellent service , love you'll ,, cheerrs  

                Wow.....this was the best Indian cafe ever. The location, service and the taste of the food. I will definitely come back. A +  

                3rd time in 2 weeks - it just keeps getting better.  Tried the lassi and some desert that is rice and coconut - both are divine.  Noel is great, service is great, the food is amazing.  And it takes 15 minutes to walk from our house.  What a treat in the forest.  Thanks Arti.  

                We love this place. The food is great the people and service are great. A real family feel.  

                I'm lucky enough to live in walking distance of this gem. I am somewhat of an Indian food aficionado and this place rocks. I've been there dozens of times and have never had a bad meal.  My favorite dish is the Tandoori Chicken, although Arti's appetizer platter is also a do not miss.  Frankie's million dollar smile is like a dessert.  

                We stumbled in on Arti after running out of gas on the way back from a day trip... and had over an hour to wait for the roadside assistance.  What luck, though, to be "stuck" at such a great place.  We're big eaters of Indian food and we both agreed that Arti was great:  Great food, very nice staff (who offered to drive to Fairfax for a gallon of gas -- we didn't take them up on it though), and a cute outdoor patio.  We had a chicken dish and a lamb dish, and tons of naan.  We'll definitely go back (in a planned fashion) next time we're up there.  It was crowded when we arrived but we waited a few minutes and got a table inside.  Suggest they get some heat lamps for the patio -- I'd much rather have sat out there, but it was a chilly night.  All in all an unexpected and great find.  

                ]The service is great   the food is a Five and thats no Jive its worth the ride  

                As a long time valley resident I have seen many restaurants come and go at this remote location. Finally there is one that I would love to see stay, so I am submitting this review. I have eaten at Café Lotus in Fairfax and think the food is pretty good! I went to Arti this week and ordered my usual Mango Lassi and Prawn Wrap for lunch. I was pleasantly surprised to find it a notch above the same items I had had in Fairfax. They seemed fresher and tastier. Please help spread the word about Arti so we don't lose a gem at this tough location.  

                This is the best Indian restaurant that I've been to. It's absolutely delicious and organic! My family and I frequent this tasty Indian (Goan) restaurant and always walk away happy. We really love the take option for take out and the friendly service. We hope they never move.  

                Best veggie pakora I have ever had!!!! And the three friends I was with all agreed. Wow they were good. All of the food was wonderful and the restaurant had a great vibe. The wait staff was eager to please and you could tell they took pride in what they serve. The only part I didn't like was the little sweet treat they served at the end. A bit too sweet for me. But the rest was super YUMMY and ORGANIC!!!  

                Unexpected discovery when we stopped for the community garage sale. Very friendly and welcoming staff, and while it was not our destination, it certainly will be in the future as the food is worth making the trip for.  Especially liked the chicken korma, samosas and veg pakoras, can't wait to try the rest!  

                This is the best indian food i have had outside of London! It's not just good, it is great, a real treat. It is so far beyond the normal indian restaurant.   They DELIVER to us in San Anselmo.  

                We love this place. Great food, great service and wonderful with kids. We even had an Arti feast for Christmas Day dinner. Be prepared to make warm friends with Noel, John and this rest of the crew. Highly, highly recommended.  

                OUTSTANDING Food, service and beautiful location. I really have not had better Indian food in the United States. Indian food is a favorite of our family and we have been to many establishments in San Francisco and the East Bay, as well as many other cities we have visited. This was delightful, rich blend of spices, perfectly cooked, generously portioned. Homemade mint and tamarind sauces. Fresh raita. Pakora and samosa, deep fried but not a trace of oil on the plate, only light flakey crust with savory vegetables and delicate herbs and curry flavors. We also enjoyed a sizzling Lamb Kabab and Chicken Tikka Masala Curry with Basmati Rice. Worth the trek from the East Bay or San Francisco especially with beautiful Samuel P. Taylor State Park for a hike, or bike ride a few yards away. The mango lassi really hit the spot after our after walk in the park. We are thinking  camping  in the Redwoods + sizzling Indian food, should make a magazine cover in Sunset Magazine or something. Before you think everyone here is exaggerating, try it for yourself.  

                Excellent restaurant, that we go to regularly.  The owner, Noel Fernandes, is a young man who loves his business thoroughly - he's a real gem.   We just had a top-notch catering experience with Arti, who fulfilled our need for a gluten-free, vegan lunch for a special event.  Noel drove 25 minutes to deliver the food himself, and it was delicious and very fairly priced.  

                l found a flier promoting this place, and thought i woul give a try .l have spent some  time in india and am very critical of indian food ,this place was the best india  food i have  tried since i have been back. thankfully i found  this place because i was almost ready to give up on trying real authentic indian ..food                                                                                                                              ..  l definitely recommend the indian white with chicken tikka masala and chicken curry both  are amazing icould have more  for the price to take home for later  on top  of amazing food the price were unbeatables ,for afew dollarauthertic indian meal  HIGHLY  RECOMMEND THIS PLACE..............  

                YUM! i am in heaven... indian food is "the valley." i've eaten here 3 times for dinner. not only is the food wonderful, the staff members are lovely, and have proven to be very child friendly. my 3 year old loves this place too. i am very grateful to arti for providing an all around amazing dining spot out here. long live arti!!!!  

                Just went to this place for lunch, and we were VERY impressed! We ordered the dahl and the chana masala, which they were happy to make vegan for us. We also had some papadam and paratha, which was so nice and flakey. The service was excellent. We asked for the chana to be spicy, and it was! My almost 6-year-old son loved the dahl. We are looking forward to going back for dinner so we can try some appetizers. We live in Fairfax, and this place is worth the drive!  

                A little out of the way, but well worth it!  Hope this restaurant stays! The smells, the tastes, the ambience, the staff -- all fabulous.  Any time you are coming back from West Marin get your Indian fix. Their Samosa Chat is the best ever.  They've been open two weeks and we've been there twice already and my mouth is watering just thinking of our next visit.  

                Still happy with Arti on visit #3.  My wife and I like the drive out from Fairfax to Lagunitas, and we love the food.  (Not sure why my original review seems to be getting filtered out?)  

                Arti is a treat, indeed. The food is tasty, the service is attentive, and the location is great. There is a deck with tables, which will be perfect when the weather is warm. The prices are reasonable and the decor is nice. If you are in the valley, or just near by, Arti is worth the stop.  

