                Sometimes it pays not to think too far out of the (Asian) box.  They take the Chipotle model and apply it to Southeast Asian food - pick your base, protein, toppings and sauce and done.    For what it is, it's fantastic - fast, convenient, and quite tasty!  Asian Box is my goto option on Castro street for a quick lunch or dinner.    The vegetarian tofu option is quite tasty, although the coconut curry sauce it is served with by default doesn't always match the additional sauce options you can choose (adding sriracha makes for a strange combination).  Of the various sauces, street dust (some kind of dry spice mix) is probably the best although the hot box sauce can be fun.  I recommend getting all the free toppings.  Of those, the crispy shallot chips can't be beat - they are the perfect complement to the meal.  

                Let me start off by saying that I love the food at Asian Box. Their coconut curry tofu is to die for, especially when ordered with the jasmine rice. It's healthy, it's delicious and the portion sizes are the perfect amount.  Unfortunately, the MV Asian Box is a little frustrating. Asian Box offers three services through which customers may order their food and pay for it in advance: Eat 24, Order Ahead and the Asian Box website. For someone with a busy schedule, this is a great option.  I have used these services twice and BOTH times the following occurred: Once I got to restaurant I gave the cashier my name, she looked behind her at the completed boxes, didn't see mine, and said it should be just a few minutes. I wait around 15 minutes, and then noticing that all the kitchen staff aren't working on any boxes, I ask the cashier again about the status of my order. After she checks, it becomes clear that she had never put in my order in the first place. She puts it in, and after another 10-15 minutes I get my food.  I'm not one to complain, but the fact that this exact scenario happened two times in a row is a little ridiculous. In addition, the most recent time I ordered my box with rice, extra veggies, tofu and toppers. When I get home, I open my box and see just a sh-t ton of veggies and few pieces of tofu. No rice, no toppers. Wasn't very tasty, unfortunately.    -2 stars for customer service, but 5 stars for the delicious food.  

                The short: food court worthy  Either make your own box or order a pre-made one.  I ordered the ox box and my mom ordered the work box.  I actually had a bite of the chicken from my mom's work box before digging into mine. The chicken was tender and juicy! Great! My ox meat will be great too! Nope, for $13, the ox box was not worth it. Since when did meals have to be $13?! The meat was overcooked, making it tough and dry without much flavor. Then the 'caramel' egg is actually a 'soy' egg =.= I've had my fair share of those and the one in the ox box was disappointing. The egg was tough and overcooked. I think somebody in the kitchen forgot to check on these items... As I was trying to finish my meal, my mom says that her work box is nothing special. Whelp, two people who agree that the foods is subpar? Sigh.   The decor is really great, giving off that modern vibe and there is plenty of seating in the back, great for big groups. Food, not so much.  Well, what do I mean by food court? When I think of food courts in the states, I think of mediocre food without much artisanal approach where they slop everything together. And this is that. I'm going to check out another spot in the Alley!  

                Anybody whose my friend on yelp knows I come here way to often not to add another star to my review! While I still don't like that basically the only meat I can get in well-done beef. I love that they are basically the safest option for me in the Bay Area. 100% gluten free and for this celiac that's perfect and then they are almost 100% dairy free except for the iced coffee. Having a severe dairy allergy this is just perfect! So basically I get to order anything off the menu I want without worry!  I've tried all the sauces now except the no oil fish sauce and enjoy them all. I usually get 2-3 of them each time I get a box since I just can never decide on just one! I always though get the asian street dust and then 99% of the time I get the siracha. All their sauces are made in house which is awesome! The peanut sauce is super yummy and does not make your box taste just like peanuts. I was worried about this at first since peanuts are so strong, but they make this sauce perfectly. Definitely one to try even if it is .75 cents extra.  It's a bummer that this is in a relatively hard to get to location. I have come here on a weekday night not able to find parking at all!  

                Can we just get a chipotle version for every type of food please?!  I think someone heard me because Asian Box is here! Very similar to how chipotle works so no need to go into details with the choosing process. Their menu is simple and everything on it seems relatively healthy. I tried their tofu curry and I loved their curry sauce. It is darn good. Their tofu is meh but I did enjoy the vegetables and rice with the curry. Next time, I'll go for their six spice chicken as my choice of protein. AND DON'T FORGET THE SRIRACHA SAUCE YUM :D  The wait time is pretty minimal and the workers are friendly. Quick and easy choice for lunch or dinner!  

                2 stars is generous for today. So I have come here before and got counter service as expected, but not today, AGAIN.  I ordered online, should be easy enough, it's Silicon Valley. Not so much. This started when I walked in and had to ask for my boxes, which he then had to go look in their inbox to see the order.  Really?  SILICON VALLEY, not Iowa. First not ready as requested, not handled in the archaic email order system, then no rush to get me moving as I stand here watching my delayed boxes cooling in the counter.  Thanks for the inconvenience. AGAIN!  

                Asian box to the rescue!!!!  Whenever I need a healthy quick meal, I swing by "the box!"  They're great about packing it full with extra steamed veggies and shockingly they have their nutrition facts completely calculated out for everything!!   I've tried pretty much all their proteins and the consistent winners are the beef and pork.   The only minus star here was that we had all sorts of problems with our meal last time so it's getting at 3 star review instead of a 4 star review. We found some unsavory things in our food....  We've never had an issue at the Palo Alto location! Great tasting economically healthy meal! Thanks Chef Grace!  

                Already love the Palo Alto location... This time I got the coconut curry chicken, which was the a special for the evening. Everything was great, as usual. I got the sriracha sauce and it was pretty spicy (in a good way, of course). Yay! wanna come back again and again :D  

                People sure love to pick-and-choose their meals, and many restaurants are catering to this very style. Asian Box is one such restaurant.   Ordering is straightforward. You choose rice, salad, or noodles to start, and then you pick your meat. There are add-on's, including vegetables and various other items, and -- of course -- sauces. Ultimately, you decide what you want, and this is the determining factor in how well your meal comes out.  Personally, I found my meal to be too bland and I was ultimately underwhelmed by the food. This is likely my fault, and if I ever do give this place another try, I'll make sure to come up with a better combo.  

                My first thought on looking at the menu board was that this place is very similar to Chipotle and CBW... but Asian/Vietnamese style.  My cousin ordered the chicken with chilled noodles box and I had the Asian salad as my base and beef as my protein.... the Asian salad was good, but not what I was expecting. It is mostly cabbage based rather than lettuce or a mesclun mix. The beef was good, and there were healthy chunks of it... it was just hard to get a bite of the protein with everything else since the pieces were so big. The tamarind vinaigrette that accompanied the dish was delicious. The dish tasted very much like a Vietnamese style restaurant dish. However, the portion was a little on the small side comparatively.  All in all, good service, clean environment, and good food.  

                I'm super lazy and hate cooking  but I try to eat healthy, so dinner always seems to be difficult.  I'm so happy I found Asian Box because it is quick, easy, and super healthy!  The food is delicious and fresh.  The only negative I have is the crowded location on Castro st.  Some may think it's a positive, but, remember, I'm lazy.  

                Two words: ASIAN CHIPOTLE!!!  The whole green, hippie movement is alive and well at Asian Box. If anything, loving Mother Earth and separating compost vs. recycle is pretty much their niche. Their stance is that their foods are made from scratch and all natural which should provide a healthier meal to their customers EXCEPT I don't want to eat healthyyy ugh!   I am not a fan of Chipotle or any restaurant that sports a similar style. Don't get me wrong, I love being green and doing my part in helping the environment and humanity but when Asian Box's food starts tasting literally like a cardboard box, that's when I have a huge problem with restaurants like this.  You enter Asian Box and you're in a communal atmosphere with simple, abstract designs and tables/chairs with a female cashier straight ahead and a huge menu sign hovering above her tiny head. It's totes simple- pick your carbo, basic protein, toppings, and sauces. Asian Box also offers (pricier) meal options of their special concoctions. I opted for the safest options:  brown rice, beef (garlic and soy glazed, sounded good), all toppings, with tamarind vinaigrette and Miss Jones' Sriracha sauces. It was pretty cheap under $10 I believe.  However, the box itself was at a lukewarm temperature. Sorry if I was expecting my food to be piping hot? The brown rice was okay but was tasteless in all honesty. The beef was the most flavorful component but it was so CHEWY and tough. Omg it was like trying to tear through a cotton ball with dull scissors (I've tried, it's like nearly impossible). The vegetables were fresh and crisp but I'm not a huge greens fan. Sauces were mediocre. The cashier informed me that the vinaigrette and Srirarcha were the most popular choices and I disagree. It was not memorable at all.   So I am one of the few (or many?) who like my food to be cooked in a crazy, chaotic hellfire kitchen with chefs cursing and food flying everywhere. I like my foods to have flavor in it and not taste like it came from Mother Earth's dirt. Smack some oil and seasonings into that thang!  

                Among all the nice sit-down restaurants for tech barons, Asian Box fills a niche in Downtown Mountain View a simple grab-and-go desk lunch option for those not yet at the level of negotiating business over lunch at Xanh.  Asian Box is basically an Asian, (relatively) healthy version of Chipotle.  Even though the boxes look small, everything is crunchy and chewy, so the portion sizes turn out to be quite satisfying.  The mix-and-match scheme makes it easy to customize your box to appease all levels of pickiness:  1. Carbs Half Asian vegetables and half brown rice is my favorite!  The Asian vegetable salad is pretty much stir-fry veggies.  It's nice that brown rice doesn't cost extra, and trust me, you need that half order of carbs.  Once, I got only the Asian vegetables in an effort to be super healthy, but I got hungry shortly afterwards.  2. Protein Besides the shrimp (because I find the shrimp farming stories to be horrifying), I've tried all the meats and they are just alright.  Despite the enticing descriptions (6 spice chicken, lemongrass marinated pork, garlic and soy glazed beef), I found everything to be rather mediocre.  I much prefer the tofu, which is lightly fried to perfection and tossed in a coconut curry sauce that is delicious without being heavy as most sauces with coconut and curry usually are.  3. Toppings I always get all the free ones because why not.  One of my favorites is the fried shallots, though they only give you a sprinkle and it easily gets lost in the box mixture.  Beware that the raw jalapenos are quite spicy.  I tried the caramelized egg once, but it was way too heavy on the fish sauce for my tastes.  I knew it, that additional cost seemed fishy.  4. Sauce How your box tastes predominantly depends on what sauce you get, so choose carefully.  I usually stick to the tamarind vinaigrette, which is a safe choice.  I'm not a fan of sriracha (I know... shocking, huh?) because it tastes too premade.  I had high hopes when I saw that Box makes all their sauces in house, but their sriracha still tastes too premade to me.  Sigh.  With my dislike for fish sauce and unwillingness to pay extra, that means back to tamarind vinaigrette.  Which gets boring because after awhile all the boxes start to taste the same, even if I pay extra for the steak.  I recommend getting sauce on the side if you get it to-go, so that your veggies stay fresh and crunchy.  A no-frills box would come out to under $10, but it can easily add up if you get fancy stuff like steak, the egg, special sauces, and drinks.  If your order surpasses $10, you should just go over to Xanh for the power take-out lunch where you can get a (big) box and stuff it with as much buffet food as you can fit.  I love the Vietnamese iced coffee ($3)!  My workplace should subsidize it since my productivity always increases 400% because the coffee is so strong and refreshing.    I've also tried the tofu spring rolls, which were not bad.  However they were approximately half the price of a box ($3.50), for less than half the amount of food.  Service is generally good.  It was nice being offered a free drink when the wait took longer than expected (one of those gigantic online orders for the office), but that only happened once.  Be prepared to be yelled in your face plenty of times with highly energetic "Welcome to the Box" greetings and Box order numbers.  It does bring a hip vibe, but it's just weird when the person behind the counter is taking your order and she peaks around behind you to shout "Welcome to the Box!" to anyone who enters the store.   They also hit another one of my pet peeves during one of my visits, when they continued to chat while I was standing at the counter waiting for someone to take my order.  Service pet peeves aside, I like Asian Box: it's one of the few places that's healthy and doesn't give me food coma.  Plus, the Vietnamese iced coffee gives me superpowers every time.   The productive power lunch is perfect for all the workaholics in the South Bay, especially those who aspire to be tech barons making business deals over lunch at Xanh.  Conclusion: happiest desk lunch ever.  

                VIETNAMESE APPROVED*  *but only for the following:  1. Base: salad 2. Protein: beef 3. Toppings: all except peanuts 4. Sauce: Hot Box It (+ extra lime)  This is not an authentic Vietnamese restaurant but I can appreciate their attempt to bring Asian inspired food to the masses.  The beef was TENDER, cooked perfectly to my taste, and could be cut with a fork (!!).  The pickles veggies were on point.  The Hot Box It sauce was spicy and burned just the way I like it. I added lime to it, mixed it up, and poured it over my salad.  My Box above was about $10. It was pretty tasty and I was super impressed by how delicious it was.  Again, not truly authentic vietnamese or Asian, but pretty good food for a reasonable price.  

                3.5/5 solid stars  Healthy, but def didn't feel like I got my bang for my buck. It is like Chipotle, but for Vietnamese cuisine.   Ordered: Step1: Asian Salad Step2: Shrimp Step3: Steamed Veggie, all toppings Step4: Tamarind Vinaigrette  Will I be back? Hmm, if i am in the mood for healthy since there ARE so many options in this area.  

                Food is really bland. Even with the extra sauces, it needs an extra kick. Also, the portions are very small, especially given the price you're paying. I was still hungry after finishing my "box," and had to get another meal, and I'm not a big eater (150 lb. asian guy).  I might come back, but only if I really can't find food elsewhere (which realistically, won't ever happen on Castro St).  

                I'm a big fan of Asian Box.  I love all the flavors, especially the coconut curry.  Very easy to build a healthy and delicious lunch or dinner.    My one complaint is the nickel and diming. Watch out for random charges.   $0.75 for a caramel egg.  $0.75 for about half of the sauces.  $1 extra for shrimp.  And sometimes they can be weird about asking for extra sauce.  

                I have a problem. I am addicted to Asian Box. There are days when I wake up and immediately start looking forward to lunch when I can order the tofu curry with the pickled veggies. They are so addictive that they should be outlawed.  Quoting my colleague at work "I could have Asian Box every day for every meal, except for breakfast". Yep, addicts ;)  

                Although this location is slightly larger than the Palo Alto one, it's only to accomodate an indoor seating area, not extra queues, so expect service to be about the same.  That being said, it's pretty fast as long as you don't have THOSE people who take their time ordering for their entire office.  Very.  Slowly.  Ugh.  Still, their food is still very fresh and tasty -- the chicken is starting to become my favorite just because it goes SO SO well with peanut sauce, but really, anything is good.  Definitely try all of their toppers if youre going for the first time -- the caramel egg, though not for me, is definitely pretty tasty and reminiscent of "real" Asian cuisine.  The fried shallots are always amazing as well.  Delicious, fast, and always a good option depending on how you feel.  Definitely a nice addition to Downtown Mountain View.  

                Convenient, delicious and healthy. The options are street-food style with steps, and it's all so tasty! I like the tofu, which has a nice light curry sauce. You will be hooked once you see how customizable it is! I've always picked up the food and taken it away, so I don't know how the place is when you eat there.  It's clean and looks comfortable, though.  

                Asian box is a great, heathy option for lunch on Castro. They have very good quality food and service. Try the peanut sauce and Asian dust together I love getting their half iced tea half lemonade. It's not your average Arnold Palmer!  

                An excellent "fast food" option if you are trying to eat healthy!  It's very chipotle-esque.  You choose a base (salad, rice or noodles), a protein and toppings.  I got Asian salad with chicken and fish sauce (all toppings minus jalapenos).  I thoroughly enjoyed my meal.  For about $8/person, it's a pretty good deal if you want to eat out and have a low carb meal.  

                Do you want a fresh, healthy, nutritious, quick, Asian style lunch?? This is the place to go!  I finally made it to Asian Box, sampled the Asian salad with lemon pork and peanut sauce.  Plenty of veggies and meat in my box, the salad was light and refreshing, perfect for a warm day.  Lemon pork is mildly spiced and very tender.  I would ask for sauce on the side in case you don't want too much sauce.  On the down side, they charge 75cents for sauce, uhmmm really?  For a few tablespoons of sauce, which should already be included in the price.    Prices are a little high, especially since you can go to a pho place and get just as tasty Asian style salads...but Asian Box is definitely healthier and more fresh ingredients than a Vietnamese place.  Overall a great, grab and go, or quick dine in lunch to satisfy your appetite!  

                They gave me 2 extra carmel eggs.  The cashier  was rude and said she repeated the order. No refund.  So maybe no need to come back either  

                Decided to give Asian Box a second try.  I realized my first time, I got the a premade box that came with extra fish sauce.  This place reminds me of an Asian Chipotle.  You get to choose your ingredients and its fresh.  Decided to stay away from the premade and go with my own concoction for my box.  I got the rice noodles with chicken, jalapeno, nuts, sprouts and asian street dust.  It was good but they skimped on the chicken and asian street dust.  The asian dust is tasty but not enough to cover the whole dish with flavor.  This place is good for quick meals when you are in a hurry.  

                I've always walked past this place whenever I look for something to eat on Castro Street, mainly because it looks like a cheap, mediocre fast food place for asian food. After getting recommendations from my friends, I decided to check out this place.  I was right about 2 things: it was cheap and fast, but it was definitely not mediocre. This place was a create-your-own asian box restaurant where you choose the type of rice/noodles, the meat, the vegetables and the sauce. I got the jasmine rice, chicken, all the veggies and tamarind sauce. I got my order within 5 minutes. The amount of vegetables, meat and rice they packed in the box was definitely worth the ~$10. The ingredients were fresh and delicious, especially the chicken and the fried shallots. I left feeling full and satisfied, and will come back to try the other combinations. Oh and you should also get the extra egg - definitely worth the extra charge!  

                Good place for an affordable, healthy lunch. It's like an Asian Chipotle. Pick a base (rice, noodles, salad), pick a protein (chicken, beef, pork, tofu, shrimp), choose between steamed and stir-fried veggies, pick your add-ons, and pick a sauce.  I went with the Asian vegetable salad base, six spice blend chicken and steamed veggies, and added jalapeno, shallots, fresh herbs, pickled veggies and lime. I skipped the sauce because I wanted something "lighter". Yummy box and a good portion!  

                A friend called it the Asian version of Chipotle. Quite accurate I would say. You basically choose your carb: brown rice, jasmine rice, chilled rice noodle, or asian vegetable salad. Next, you choose your protein: chicken, beef, pork, tofu, or shrimp. Then you do your add ons: Veggies (steamed or wok tossed); Box Toppers (Fresh Jalapeno ,Fresh Herbs, Bean Sprouts, Pickled Vegetables, Crispy Shallots, Fresh Lime Squeeze, Scallion Oil, Caramel Egg, and Chopped Peanuts). Then you add your choice of sauce: Tamarind Vinaigrette, Miss Jones' Sriracha,  No-Oil Fish Sauce, Asian Street Dust, Hot Box It, or Peanut Sauce.  My first try and I loved my dish! I had the chilled rice noodle, with chicken, fresh jalapeno, pickled vegetables, crispy shallots, fresh lime squeeze with a hot box it sauce. Fresh and Spicy!  

                Meh. This place is Asian chipotle since you can choose your own ingredients and all that jazz. I got brown rice with all the included toppings, chicken, tamarind sauce, and paid a buck for the caramel egg. Nothing really stood out to me other than the fact that this was all portion controlled in that tiny box. The chicken was just average teriyaki chicken and the egg wasn't much different. I did like how the peanuts added some texture to the overall rice bowl tho.  

                What a great healthier option in DTMV! Similar concept to Chipotle: You build your own "box" by following the instructions on the wall. First you choose between vermicelli rice noodles, jasmine/brown rice, or a salad.  Then you pick whether you want soy-glazed beef, six spice blend chicken, lemongrass pork, lime basil shrimp, or coconut curry tofu. The last step is to add toppings and select your sauces. You really can't go wrong with any of the combos. They're all delicious!  My favorite would have to be the soy-glazed beef. It's very flavorful and it comes in huge tender chunks. If you're feeling extra hungry, you can order the ox box, which gives you double the portion of meat, but the regular portion is more than enough, even for the bf. I love getting it on brown rice with all the box toppers, peanut sauce, Miss Jones sriracha, a caramel egg (similar to a Chinese tea egg), and Asian street dust. I also love the tofu, which has a nice subtle sweetness from the coconut curry.  Lunch hours can get quite busy but if you come before 1, you can usually avoid the rush. Food comes out fast, and the workers are always very warm and welcoming. Prices are reasonable too, averaging around $10 for a single box.  

                Azn box i c u. I thought it was just aite for a shop that does healthy rice bowls. The stuff they use for meats seem to be pretty fresh but do not mistake as a meat bowl gents! They are conservative on the meat to keep protein levels in check. The veggies they used are pickled and even some that aren't aren't the freshest things in da garden. But still tastes okay. People are also raving about the sauces but I didn't really think it was anything special.  The price is about the same as chipotle so I guess if you into this it's solid. Portions are a little small but not significant enough to complain about. The service was nice and the people taking the order were super patient.  

                I got the chicken box with caramel egg (+$1). The caramel egg is essentially a slightly sweetened tea egg. Portions are a bit small for what you get - maybe 4 oz of meat and a lot of what looks like bagged Asian salad? This place is on par with typical prices in the area, but that doesn't mean it's worth the price. Plus, this place gets crazy busy during weekday lunch hours .. took a good half an hour or more to order and get my food, so definitely come here early if you're hoping to beat the lunch rush!  

                *Healthy Options for Dietarily Limited*  I came with someone who had some low tolerance to most food and preferred a paleo friendly meal.    This is what we came up with!    Choose a box: Type of rice, shrimp, chicken, veggies, sauce etc  Outdoor seating out front.  Near the Caltrain and Lightrail.  Recommend!  

                I think this is one of the coolest concepts of building a mini box of savory entree that'll do the work. It's basically a 5-step process of building your box starting with: Rice/Noodles, meats, toppings, sauce, and something else I think? LOL  Anyway its about a $10 fee for most of the custom boxes. The service here at this location is great! The girls did their job entertaining me with their customer service. They were clear and precipice with my order.   The food is made fresh in the kitchen with fresh ingredients! I made a box with jasmine rice, 6-spice chicken, peanut sauce, lime chili and sautéed veggies! It tasted like a Vietnamese pork/rice plate but healthy lol.  This place is worth coming to, especially for a light and quick dinner. The portion is enough but may need two boxes for a hungry person. Overall, I think this place is great and I will be returning for it again!  

                It was okay! Average in a good way..... I'd probably come here again. The peanut sauce (extra $.75) is REALLY good! I got the marinated pork, but might try something else instead next time.  Do NOT get the fried scallions though. They tasted burnt and were just so bad, it sort of ruined the whole thing because it was so hard to pick everything out of my food.  Also be warned, I do NOT think that the price point is worth the amount of food you get. You get very little/small portions, considering that this lunch is $11.  I'm addicted to asian food, and this place is fast, which are probably the only reasons I would come back here. If this place was a little bit cheaper, I would probably become a regular customer.  

                Obsessed!   I am in downtown MV quite often and I can't believe that I overlooked this place. To sum with place up, it is basically a "Chipotle" for healthy/local/sustainable Asian food. And what I mean by that is that you order in "Steps." First you pick your base (brown rice, jasmine rice, veggie salad, noodle), then you pick your meat or veggie option (chicken, shrimp, tofu, etc.), and then you finish your box with toppings and sauce. I ordered the brown rice with tofu, crispy shallots, caramel egg, and peanut sauce. OMG i died! It was delicious. The shallots, caramel egg, and sauce make the dish.   I also ordered the glass noodles with I loved! They were so unique and tasty. The portion of the glass noodles is small and the noodles are cold, so I would definitely recommend this for anyone looking for a light snack on a hot day.   For any meal, don't forgot to wash it down with their Vietnamese Ice Coffee or Iced Tea. Both were so good!   Overall, great meal and great service.  

                I've officially had two boxes here and I can say without a shadow of a doubt that I am a fan.   Basically anything to-go wins me over, and while this place may scream "lunch" you best believe I'm still going for dinner when the hunger strikes.   I've had both the tofu and the shrimp, both times ordered with 1/2 noodles and 1/2 asian salad (Bet you didn't know you could do that, huh?) with all the toppers, tamarind vinaigrette and of course street dust because um duh, it's the delicious little 'POW! CRASH! BOOM!' I need.    Highly recommend for anyone looking for something gluten free, healthy, or just darn good.  

                Tasty and simple food. A great casual place to catch dinner - maybe the quickest on Castro street. Ask the cashier for their recommendations!  

                Great food, complete crap at having take out orders ready for the pickup time (even with the hour+ notice that we always give).  Don't worry, they're never short on excuses. I wish I didn't love their food stop much, since that's the only reason they aren't getting one star from me  

                Miss Jones, work out, and the hot box!  Those are the three things we ordered while we stopped here for dinner.  I am a huge skeptic of the FAST Casual Vietnamese food movement.  Most places I've been to are relatively subpar to the food experience I get in say San Jose at my most favored true Vietnamese restaurants.    I do understand that they provide the food in a cleaner and seemingly more approachable environment than most other Vietnamese restaurants... although the food is portioned smaller and less flavorful to me.  They are doing something differently here so speed up the process of making the food.  The meat seemed thin and dry, just like at the other Vietnamese fast casual places I've been.  It might be processed or something... not a good sign.  The vegetables and flavors of the sauce just seem like an afterthought.  Not crispy or BOLD or SPICY when they need to be.    The girl at the front seemed overwhelmed with customer orders had a tough time working from what I saw.  I talked to her for a bit to and tried to lighten up her mood a bit.  Afterwards I had to ask her to refill the water dispenser which was completely out... felt kinda bad cause they seemed to understaffed for how many people were coming in.  I likely won't come back here to eat again with the food portion being so small and quality of food lacking.  I'll be honest its essentially a modern MCDONALIZATION of Vietnamese food.  I don't have a problem with it except when the quality and authenticity of the food goes quickly DOWNHILL.  If you want better food, go to more authentic Vietnamese food establishments.  Just don't expect a modern interior or clean one.  

                I could probably eat here every night and not get tired of it.  The ingredients are incredible fresh and the meat is always cooked perfectly.  The sauces are all good, but I prefer the peanut or the sriracha ones.  My only ding is that sometimes when they get busy the staff get overwhelmed and seem a little disorganized trying to get the orders prepared, which creates longer than necessary wait times.  

                We came here for a late dinner one night and were very pleased by the service and friendliness of the staff! I ordered the long grain jasmine rice box with tofu, steamed veggies, lots of toppings, and Miss Jones' Sriracha sauce. It was DELISH! I really enjoyed it! Since we were all chilling there until closing time, they gave us boxes of leftover shrimp and veggie spring rolls for freee!  Would I come back? Yes! This place reminds me of Fresh Roll in SF!  

                Ah, I hate to give one of my favorite places a two star review. However, the quality control has been awful the past month! I've had chicken bones in my boxes, cold and hard vegetables, and super fatty steak.   It seems like they are getting overconfident and not concerned about quality. The portions have also shrunk in size, and everything is not seasoned well.  I hope Asian Box returns to it's former glory!  

                I made the mistake of trying take out again, and again my online order wasn't ready when I got there. Need to find a different healthy option on Castro for lunch.  

                Yummy, but small portions and a very weird business model. Some of their suggested boxes make no sense because you can order the same ingredients a la carte for less. Also, I think charging for half the sauces (and at different prices) is an unsavory (ha!) practice. Over all, if you know what you're going to order and you know how much everything is (and you know to decline when the cashier asks you if you want a caramel egg or an extra sauce), and you know that the portions are small, then it's fine. However, if you're a first time visitor, you will likely be pushed (by the confusing menu and by the eager cashiers) into extra charges for add-ons that you didn't want to begin with.  

                If you're looking for a tasty quick lunch, this is the place for you. You pick your base of: jasmine/brown rice, noodles, or Asian salad. Next is your protein - I went for the spiced chicken which was moist as well as flavorful. Then choose from toppings which is different veggies - I went for all the toppings. The last option is sauces - I decided on tamarind which was savory & sweet. I also chose the street dust - sounds weird but added a nice layer of flavor. Overall, I'd say a solid 3 1/2 stars. Service is quick & friendly. You're in & out within 10mins w/a tasty and healthy lunch.  

                I've been meaning to try this place ever since it opened (& I also always see the one in Palo Alto which is close to my work) & IM SO HAPPY I DID!!!  The food was DELICIOUS. It tasted like a very healthy version of pho (at least the cold vermicelli noodles). I tried the chicken with every topping (veggies) and cold noodles. I tried their most popular sauce mixed with sriracha spicy sauce & omg it was great. The portions are good, not generous but they were def not stingy with the amount of meat/veggies.   I feel like the seating is kind of limited, but the service was good.  I came around 11:45am on a weekday, and when I left around 12:45 the line was literally out the door. Sooo come early and beat the lunch rush!!  

                I love the interesting selection of toppings and sauces. My favorite is the pork with tamarind sauce. Everything tastes better with pickled vegetables and a squeeze of lime. The drinks are fantastic. The bottled ginger drink was delicious and after lunch we tried the lemon lime marmalade drink. Very refreshing!  Everyone was really cheery and gracious. There were plenty of clean tables for late lunch. Can't wait to go back!!  Highly recommend for a fast healthy lunch but I'm not sure if I love standing in line to order. I feel pressured...  

                The first time I tried this Asian Box location, it took awhile for me to get my to-go box and I was not impressed. I don't think it helped that I was hangry (It was Friday around 6pm...we've all been there right?). Someone from the team messaged me and apologized for my experience without feeding me any excuses. It was unexpected and definitely appreciated.    Fast forward to 2 months later -- I came back to Asian Box (Again on a Friday around 6pm) and everything went smoothly. The customer ahead of us asked what he could order as a VEGAN and the cashier cheerfully told him his options.   I ordered two boxes this time but it only took 3 minutes for us to get our food. We rushed back home to watch the World Series and barely missed any of it. I asked my boyfriend what he thought of the food and he said, "Very good. I'd eat it again." Coming from him, that's a glowing review.  

                I've been coming here quite often because I love how fast and fresh it is. It's essentially the chipotle of Asian style food. I know it's marketed as a Vietnamese place, but it's like Asian-ish food.   When I first came here when they opened, the portions were just right for me, but I think they've upped the amount that give now because it's now way too much food for me. I guess they read the yelp reviewers who griped about the food quantity.  I usually order the brown rice (to pretend I'm healthy) because the amount of flavoring added to the meats usually complement the blandness of the brown rice. I've ordered the beef and chicken (separately, of course) and like them both. The beef seems to be of a brisket quality, and the chicken is quite juicy.  Sauces of tried: tamarind vinaigrette (husband likes this, I think it's okay), sriacha (very spicy, made it hard for me to finish since they put just too much sriacha), no-oil fish sauce (probably one of my favorites), Asian street dust (another good one.)  The caramel egg is just a soy sauce egg (Chinese people know what this is) where they reboil eggs in sweet soy sauce to soak in the flavor. I get it sometimes, but it is a bit much for an egg.  They offer a nice drink selection in the display up front - I love the ginger ale that they provide since it contains bits of real ginger + uses real cane sugar.  

                Good and fast asian food. I like the comparison to chipotle,but this got a lot more flavour.  This really saves my life when i am out of cash and needed a super quick bite!  

                This looks like a great place for grab n go lunch especially on weekdays. Came here for lunch on a weekend and though it wasn't crowded, the food looked healthy, fresh and the perfect portion size.   Customize your meal by choosing from the options available, with or without meat and pay a reasonable price for a quick healthy lunch.  If I continued to live in Mountain View, I would frequent this place quite often.  

                The food was okay, but not great and they really skimp on the protein and instead try to make it look more substantial with a ton of rice. I had to pay an extra $5 for double meat and still didn't feels there was enough.   Also, it feels like a Chipotle / Shophouse knock off (complete with the stations where you pick your ingredients). I actually asked them if they were owned by Chipotle. I'd bet Chipotle's lawyers will call them soon.  

                Like many others have stated, Asian Box is like the Vietnamese bowl version of Chipotle. You pick your base, meat and add-ons, with endless combinations, possibilities and flavors.   I came here for a Yelp Elite even for new Elites or those new to the area. A small gathering of about 20 with the restaurant closed down just for us. Therefore, my review may be a bit biased since I didn't have to deal with any lines or paying.  My initial assumption was that if it was going to be healthy, free-range, grass-fed, sustainable and whatever other increasingly popular hipster word you want to throw in there, I probably wouldn't be able to joyfully grub out on it. I was pleasantly surprised, however. I ordered jasmine rice, pork, wok veggies, bean sprouts, peanuts, lime, and peanut sauce. The ingredients were all incredibly fresh and flavorful. Everything worked together perfectly, and the peanut sauce is delectable. The pork is well marinated, tender, and melts in your mouth. It really does feel like a well balanced, well crafted, and satisfying meal.   Chad Newton, the culinary director, came out and gave us a nice schpiel about the history of Asian Box and the creation of the concept. He seems really passionate about the business and his culinary creations, which is always a joy to see.  

                An "Asian Chipotle". I love the simplicity of it, and the food is fresh and relatively healthy. Restaurant looks very modern with plenty of indoor & outdoor seating.  My fave is the SIX spice (not your regular FIVE spice!!) chicken. It's not listed on the menu, but you can ask for skinless chicken :)   I also recommend the curry tofu! The flavor is good, though I wish it were a bit crispier. The texture kinda reminded me of hummus..   Each order comes with a base of rice/noodle or veggies. It's a decent portion for $7/8. Not a HUGE portion, but it fills me up!  

                Bad bad bad. I took a box with noodles, chicken and peanut sauce. Everything was not warm enough especially the sauce. The chicken is the same then at chipotle, seems like it has been dipped in fat. I don't understand that chicken could have big fat pieces on it, It's one of the less fat meet that exist. Not even sure that it's chicken. The peanut sauce tasted good but was cold. The only thing that I found ok was the piece of broccoli. So sad I spent 10$ on a very low quality cold meal.  

                Walking into this place is-- "WELCOME TO THE BOX!!!"-- uh, well they sure are enthusiastic here...that's nice I guess. Anyway, the place is clean and-- "BOX THIRTYFOUR!!!"... yeah, so ordering is pick your own options: rice/noodle/salad with choice of meat, toppings, sauce-- "BOX FIRFTYMORE!!!" Wow, they sure yell a lot. Kind of their signature I guess...You can't totally understand where the line starts, but-- "WELCOME TOTHEBOX!!" Thanks, I'm already here. So anyway, the food seems healthy & decent, comes up pretty fast and the lemonade lime marmalade drink is good-- "BOX ELEVENTYNINE!!" ...uhmmm... Have you ever noticed that when people yell a lot it's harder to understand them? So, anyway. Sitting outside is better than inside. "BOX FIRFTYTREE!!!!!" ...Outside, definitely sit outside.  "BOXXXX!!!"  

                Ive had Asian Box a couple times now and im convinced this is my new go to healthy lunch spot. Its kinda like chiptole but not served fast-food assembly line style. Its made to order, healthy and the ingredients are delicious!  So far, ive tried the tofu and Ox box(double beef). I enjoyed the tofu more as it was very light and filling. The beef is also very good, as they serve it medium rare and very generous with the portions. Make sure you order it with all the toppers as they all compliment the meal perfectly. But the secret to all this is the different sauces that create this box of deliciousness. They have tamarind vinagrette, miss jones srircha (creamy srircha), asian street dust, peanut sauce +more. Those are my favorites and I could eat my box with all of those sauces combined. Oh, and make sure to order a caramel egg with your meal. They're delicious!  If you never tried this place, check it out for lunch sometime. Its usually around $7-10 depending on what you order. (tofu being cheapest obv, beef a little more $$) The wait isnt too long and they have a nice spacious outdoor seating area.  

                I really like food here. I am regular customer. But last monday i had 4 boxes to go. She packed it with 3 boxes in 1 bag and 1 box in other. As soon as i went to car the bag with 3 boxes couldnt handle the weight and it broke. I went back immediately she said there is nothing she cad do. She charged me again for 3 boxes although just gave 10% discount. That is poor customer service. I like food here but dont know if i will go again.  

                My companion called this place "the chipotle of vietnamese food", which I find it hard to disagree with. You basically choose your meats, your grains, your veggies and your sauce and just chill while they make it. In actuality, the meats are pretty well seasoned and cooked right, and the rice/noodles are pretty good. The veggies are as expected. The disappointing thing - the caramel egg. Not as salty or fresh as I expected. Its skin was pretty tough and it had little flavor. Also, the Miss Jones' sriracha is just sriracha, which wasn't very good on its own. It should be used in combination with another sauce IMO. Pork and chicken were good, at least.  

                My co-workers were raving about this place, saying it was fresh, gluten free blah blah blah so I went and checked it out with them one day for lunch.    Let me just say, for what they serve I can easily make at home and would not spend $10 dollars here for brown rice, some meat and beansprouts!!   I'm not saying it's the worst place ever or place to go to, I'm just saying if you're into this go but I really can't see myself spending my money here when there are other great options on Castro.   This is just a healthier version of a Teriyaki bowl joint.  

                Fresh, healthy, customizable, cheap, quick meal.  I always get chicken with jasmine rice / cold noodles. I prefer noodles over rice, coz I feel rice makes me feel too stuffed. I have tried their tamarind, peanut and sriracha sauces, I liked tamarind the most.  They also have beer!  

                I know I'm not the first, nor will I be the last, to summarize Asian Box in this way, but - Asian Chipotle.  That's really what this is.  Not knocking at all, as you could probably guess by the star rating.  I actually enjoy Chipotle and Chipotle-like things.  They give you some options and customization, but not a mind numbing amount.  I don't do too well with too few or too many choices.  Standard options include starch (or, for the starch averse, non-starchy veggies), protein, toppings and sauces.  You've got about 6-7 different choices in each category except for toppings which is around 10-12.  My gf and I both went with lemongrass pork, but our toppings, starch and sauces all varied.  Suffice it to say that we both thought everything was tasty, and having the feeling of freshness.  No sad/wilty looking vegetables here.  I feel like sauces is where you'll have to experiment perhaps before finding one (or a combination) that you'll like.  Our food came out relatively quickly, what with the fast-casual concept.  The difference between this and Chipotle is that you order first, then they prepare it for you, and you pick it up at the counter.  Overall, a very positive experience.  Nice find, and I'll add in closing that for less than $10/person, I feel like you get a lot of food.  

                Make you own bento box!  Delicious, easy to customize, and very vegetarian friendly.  Loved the tofu bowl and various options to mix everything together with.  There's outdoor seating on the patio (dog friendly) and some inside seating also.  Not a big spot though.  Great meal for under $10!  

                Having no idea what to order since it all sounded delicious, I just ordered the same thing as my friend who has come here quite a few times.  Beef with basically all the free toppers and the tamarind sauce (I think!).  It was DELISH! For the price and the amount and quality of food you get, this place is a deal! I also ordered the lemon-lime marmalade which was good as well.  I will definitely come back whenever I find myself in the Downtown Mountain View area for lunch.  

                Perfectly good place on Castro if you're looking for a quick (healthy-ish) bite.  One thing kind of struck me as odd though. In my indecision I just picked one of the recommended boxes. As I was waiting for my food, I was still just gazing at the menu, doing some mental math, and realized that the price for the box I got is actually higher than if I were to place that exact same order through the normal ordering system. I wouldn't really expect a discount for ordering one of their recommended boxes, but also wouldn't expect to be charged more. I asked the cashier about it, and she got a little bit defensive stating that the math works out the same. After breaking down the arithmetic to her the manager came by and admitted that it was just something weird with the pricing and that she had noticed but couldn't really explain why it was like that. Of course, it was only a 5 cent difference so certainly not something worth throwing a fuss over - maybe $7.95 just sounds more appealing to a consumer than $7.90, but what do I know.  

                GLUTEN FREE DINING ALERT!!!  I just love this place. Here's the box that I get:  -Brown Rice -Lemongrass Pork -All the veggies/add ons -Caramel Egg (extra cost) -Miss Jones' Sriracha Sauce ANDDDDDDD -Asian Street Dust  Yes, you can add the Asian Street Dust to anything. And you should. This is a great lunch or dinner spot and the food is consistently fresh and tasty.  Also, this is 100% Gluten Free and my mother-in-law, who has Celiac, has dined at both this location and Palo Alto multiple times with no problems.  

                If you are looking for a fast, healthy lunch this place is a great pick. The ordering process is so easy...just follow the steps on the menu and they assemble all the fixings together to make a satisfying, yet healthy lunch. Great options for the meat and non-meat eaters. The tamarind sauce is what I usually get...although I do love a spicy meal...the sriracha sauce they offer as one of their choices is pretty overpowering. But if you like that sort of thing, you'll be glad that they have that as a menu offering.   The service is fast and friendly so this is a great option if you are just running in and out to get some takeout. It's a great pick for a light, yet satisfying lunch.  

                Good bento boxes at a fair price.   Asian based food that is geared for take home.    It gets crowded sometimes and the wait can be pretty long.  Wish they could improve on this somehow and I would give another star to my rating.  

                This branch has more seating capacity than the one in Palo Alto. I like how it's nestled along the other cool places on Castro... Came here 5 mins before they closed and was able to get 3 orders in. The kitchen is open and I like how it's clean even if it's near closing time.   I'm addicted coming here for the taste of some good meat, sauce & fresh ingredients. I have yet to find an Asian establishment that can beat the flavors presented at Asian Box.  

                You can pick your base (rice, brown rice, salad, noodles), the protein (pork, chicken, beef, tofu, shrimp), the toppings (as many as you want in a large selection, with most being free) and the sauce. It also comes with vegetables.  My favorite is brown rice, with lemongrass pork, steamed vegetables and all free toppings, with the sriracha sauce.  The food tastes great, and the vegetables and toppings taste very fresh and give a lot of flavor to the box.  The food comes in a box, good for take-out, but there is also some seating available.  

                Asian Chipotle!   I came here for lunch with a friend. There wasn't really a line (maybe 2-3 people ahead of us) but it took awhile for our food to come out. I ordered the jasmine rice with chicken and I wanted a little bit of spice so I "Hot Box It." My friend ordered shrimp and had to wait almost 20 minutes for her food (I thought shrimp cooks faster than meat....). The food reminded me of a Vietnamese rice dish and had that Asian flavor to it. I loved it! Especially the spicy sauce.   Overall, I love the food. I just wish the service was faster.  

                I had high expectations based on the reviews and well designed website (always a sucker for those), so I eagerly brought a few friends here for a casual dinner. I was surprised to see it so empty, but we went ahead and ordered. The concept's pretty simple - you pick your protein and carbs, then add in toppings and sauces. I went for the shrimp on mixed greens with pretty much all the toppings and fish sauce. WARNING: If you don't like fish sauce or you're not used to it, either don't order it or ask for it on the side. One of my friends straight up hated the fish sauce and barely ate anything in his box as a result.   Overall, I think the food itself is fine. It's healthy and pretty flavorful (some of the toppings were really salty though), but it's not that exciting nor is it very filling. We each paid about $10, and none of us were satisfied at the end of our meal. What other reviewers said is true - you can easily make this food at home at a fraction of the cost. Unless they up the portion sizes, I don't see myself coming back when there are other better food options on Castro.  

                I liked coming here because the food felt light and healthy. It's really easy, you start with a "starch"/starter (rice, noodle, salad), then a protein (tofu, beef, pork, chicken) and then it comes with a bunch of extra aromatics (cilantro, lime, scallion bits, etc.), then you choose a dressing. A great thing about this place is that everything is gluten free (I personally don't care, but I worked with someone that was allergic to gluten). Everything is made to order and completely customizable.  I think of this place as an Asian fusion Chipotle. In general, it's a good place to go for a light lunch. It's a healthy and popular choice on Castro.  

                I'm so glad I had a chance to check out this place. I was in the area and just had my eyes dilated, so couldn't really go anywhere for a while. I decided to grab some grub while waiting out my time so I could drive again.  I heard about this place and saw many of my friends instagram the food, so I knew it was the perfect, quick choice to check out. The inside was clean, the staff was friendly and the menu was easy.  You basically pick your base (rice, brown rice, salad, etc.) and pick your protein. You can pick some "toppings" or ask for it all. Some of them were a little strange to me so I passed and only got the fresh herbs and the lime. You can also get a sauce. I opted for the spicy sauce, but the staff recommended I get a second choice, just in case it was too spicy for me. Awesome! I love this kind of customer service and recommendation because it means the staff CARES about what you're ordering, they're not just drones taking orders.  The food came out SUPER QUICK. I ordered chicken and it was surprisingly delicious. However, the only gripe is that there was WAY too much skin on my chicken hah ... but I suppose if you like all the fat :)  Either way, can't wait to come back again soon!  

                Huge fan, I could eat this daily, but there are too many other tasty treats in MV.  

                TL;DR What is with bad service with half the establishments on Castro? Is it some kind of we pay premium rent so we are guaranteed to flourish mentality?  I went in for dinner with a small group and while waiting for everyone else's arrival, I bought some bread at the HK Bakery and started nibbling on it on my way to Asian Box. It was cold so I went inside to wait for everyone. The place was literally empty and as I was checking out the menu, one of the employees literally ran to me like I was someone from America's Most Wanted or something and got ALL UP IN MY FACE.  She told me that "everything here is gluten-free, even the serving boxes are checked for gluten, so I can't eat my bread here." uhm.... excuse me? How presumptuous. What if it was gluten free bread? I know this place boasts the whole gluten-free schpeel... so wouldn't it make sense that it would attract people who are allergic to gluten? I mean, how silly would she feel if I actually had gluten free bread?  Also, I'm pretty sure that no one has such a severe gluten allergy that stepping foot within 5 feet of my bread would cause actual physical allergic reaction. Because I definitely did not intend on sticking my bread into anyone else's food.  I won't be returning because heaven forbid I contaminate her gluten-free haven. ALSO, if this was such a big issue, shouldn't there be a sign somewhere that says no outside food PLEASE? Maybe she's racist. Maybe she hates people who eat bread. Maybe she thought I was going to stick my bread in peoples' food in hopes of finding someone with a gluten allergy. I have no idea what was going on in her head, but now ya'll know what was going through mine.  

                I stopped here for lunch the other day. The menu is interesting. It's like the Chipotle of Vietnamese cuisine. You pick your carbs (rice, noodles, etc.) then you choose a protein (beef, chicken, tofu, etc.) and then your toppings.  There are a few set options and I chose one of those. It was delicious. It was fresh and well made. I loved the flavors and the ingredients.  The service was friendly and the food was fast. I biggest problem is that they kept saying "box." When anyone would walk in they would say "Welcome to the box." And "what kind of box do you want?"  When I was finished eating a woman asked "may I take your box for you?" and "how did you enjoy your box?" It was just a little too much. It was trying to make "box" a "thing" and it felt like it was trying too hard.  Overall, I really liked it. I would like to see more fast casual chains like this near me.  

                Filtered water tested at a surprising and very clean 14 ppm, almost distilled quality. You can drink the water here! Tofu is organic and the veggies are fresh. Lots of good flavorful toppings. I love that they have outdoor seating. I'll likely be back.  

                i had been wanting to try this place for a while since i had read many, many positive reviews for this business.  hubby and i came for lunch on a weekday, and not surprisingly, there was a bit of a line.  the beauty of this was that you could place your order while you wait!  there were order sheets on clipboards with pens, so as we contemplated what we wanted in our asian box, and made our selections, the line moved to the front quite quickly.  i ended up choosing the following ingredients: +brown rice +lime basil shrimp +steamed vegetables +bean sprouts +fresh herbs +fresh lime squeeze +caramel egg +chopped peanuts +tamarind vinaigrette  there was a lot of rice in this box, but i'm not generally a fan of short grain.  the consistency was a bit more moist than how i prepare rice at home.  the shrimp was very tasty as i could taste the lime and basil, and it was healthy since it wasn't covered in oil or cream.  the steamed veggies consisted of bok choy, mixed greens, and carrots, pretty standard veggies served warm.  the bean sprouts were served raw and fresh.  i couldn't actually taste the fresh herbs, and the fresh lime squeeze was a DIY job since there was just a tiny piece of lime in the box.  the caramel egg was actually very small, likely from being stewed for a while, and was deep brown on the outside from the flavouring.  the chopped peanuts were the perfect garnish for this box.  i requested the tamarind vinaigrette on the side since i don't like my food drenched in sauce, and it was pretty savory and tasty when i added a bit to my meal.  for about $10, this meal was totally worth it, as i got a lot of food which was pretty tasty and healthy.  it even came in a compostable box, can never go wrong by caring for the environment!!  there is patio seating at this location which is great on a sunny day.  there's also quite a bit of seating inside, as well as two restrooms in the far back.  i'm looking forward to trying some different ingredients in my lunch box the next time i visit!  

                Asian Box reminds me of an Asian Chipotle. Pick your proteins, grains and then sauce. My bf and I shared the lemongrass pork with tamarind sauce and the five spiced chicken/curry tofu with Asian dust. Thought it was really good, but portions are small. I was still hungry after my meal. Skip the spring rolls, they tasted plain and old. Love the outdoor seating at this location; dog friendly.   Also, don't don't do half / half meats which i thought was weird. I mean, the price is the same, why can't I have half beef, half chicken. Instead, they will charge you $5 more for the addition of the second protein. Bleh.  

                We came here a few weeks back - newish place in downtown Mountain View and we've been meaning to check it out for a while. Neat idea place of choosing your meats, your starches, toppings, and sauces, everything organic.   I ordered the beef. They were out of the noodles that I wanted so I just got the rice. Also got the egg, some veggies, and sriracha sauce on top. My boyfriend's mom got some pork and shrimp with seasoning and also the caramelized egg.  Anyway, they messed up our orders. My boyfriend's mom had sriracha all over her dish and she can't take spicy foods. Mine was missing the caramelized egg. My boyfriend's was perfectly fine. Anyway, we were sitting outside and went inside to let them know the orders were wrong. When we said that the order wasn't supposed to have sriracha on it, one of the girls said "No it said sriracha on the order!" We were like "umm.. no, b/c she doesn't like spicy food, she wouldn't order it" and then she turned to the poor guy who took the order and was like "Why did you put it on the order then?!?" Then I was like, not a big deal, you don't have to re-do my order, just give me my egg, and then you can re-do the other order without the srirach on it.   I think the manager came out and gave us our orders, they gave me an extra egg to say sorry and my boyfriend's mom's came out fine this time around. They also gave us some badges for free boxes the next time we came, as a sorry for getting the order wrong, which is always a nice gesture for companies to do when they mess something up.   Overall the food is decent. It is a little overpriced for what it is, I wish they provided more meat, but overall pretty good. We're planning to go back for the rib night sometime, definitely willing to give it another chance or two and will update my review as necessary. :)  

                Great service, healthy food, pork was well marinated and loved the Srirarcha sauce  

                The people here are so friendly and nice in that genuine in-n-out kind of way.  Fatties who complain about portion: no, actually, this is about how much you should have.  As a fattie, I even recognize this.  One of my favorite aspects is that I actually feel like I come out with a balanced meal (including veggies).  I love everything I have had - especially the pork.  Great sauces.  I usually get the tamarind.  Sriracha is very spicy, FYI.  

                My boyfriend works in downtown mountain view and whenever I visit him for lunch this is our go-to spot.   If you're in a hurry and what a good flavorful spot that is always healthy this place is perfect!  

                Came here for lunch with my coworkers yesterday. Been wanting to try the Palo Alto location, but never got around to it. Luckily they opened a location in Mountain View that is walking distance from where I work!   Wasn't too busy when we came here. The food here is Americanized Vietnamese food. The food here is made freshly and the portion size is on the light size. Makes sense to have decent portions, since they are striving for a healthy appetite type of feel.   I got the noodle dish with beef and every topping but the fish oil, scallions, and jalapeños. I topped my noodle dish with peanut sauce. Peanut Sauce is a love for me and they definitely got it right! They drench your noodle dish with it too so that every noodle can get a bit of that sauce! They serve it in a eco friendly box too!  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/asian-box-mountain-view?select=xahWbqrAaAGxQdAbTbdOCw#xahWbqrAaAGxQdAbTbdOCw">yelp.com/biz_photos/asia…</a>  The rice noodles were not hard, and just right. The meat was pretty tasty and gave a good amount.   Overall I like this place! Felt good coming here. The price point can come off as expensive though considering dishes like this are pretty simple and can be found cheaper at different restaurants (but it is probably oilier too!).  

                Great economical food. Tried combo of noodle, tofu, veggies and tamarind sauce. Yummy!  

                I hate doing this to a restaurant, I really do, especially since I'm a regular at their Palo Alto location (and the duchess on Yelp...).  I should note, this review has everything to do with their service, the food remains a solid achiever in my head.  My friends and I arrived a little after 8pm on a weeknight.  There was a large group, but we quickly all got through our orders.  I was in the middle of the pack and confused the guy at the register because I ordered a bit too fast.  A few minutes later the first folks had their food.  Then people who ordered after me got theirs.  Ten minutes later I was still standing by the counter waiting while no orders were being made.  It was odd.  They seemed to be off their game as I saw several people waiting around.  More than twenty minutes later they finally called out my number and handed me my box.  The guy shrugged it off and said, "We gave you a larger portion because it took so long".  Well, that seemed nice, but they also failed to add some ingredients (like the steamed vegetables).  By the time I sat down with my friends everyone was finishing and I got to be that awkward person eating alone.  To top it off a few minutes later I saw the gent who ordered before me finally get his boxes.  It turns out they also let a friend's food sit on the counter for quite a while.  When she received her food she said it was fairly cold.  Don't get me wrong, I'll still frequent Asian Box (since I seem to be obsessed) but I'll be sticking with the Town and Country location that I've grown to love.  

                I usually work through lunch, but when I do get to go out I check with Yelp to see who is hot on the culinary scene and I am never disappointed.  I see Asian Box is  now the rage on Castro Street. It is located on the north side of Castro on the first block and within easy parking of the garage off of Dana street.   As usual I got there early to beat the lines and learn what this new establishment is all about.  The interior is quite spartan with a few chairs and tables and an elevated table with stools. There are plenty of nice tables outside.  The nice lady taking our order realized we were new and was extremely helpful in guiding us through the ordering process and helping us make all of our selections. Great customer service!  The two guys behind her knocked out our order in record time and we both ordered their version of a Cafe Su Da to go with our lunches.  Both of us ordered the beef entree with the long grain jasmine rice. I ordered the pickled vegetables. Everything was fresh and served in Eco-firendly paper recyclable boxes.   We had a nice fresh lunch for two with drink for just under $20.00.  My former work associate got caught up on two years of backlog of how our careers were going. The only downside was when the manager bugged us to turn the table over and move on, which we did not yield to his suggestions and kept on visiting.  

                I walked in and told the cashier that it was my first time and he offered to give me the grand tour of how the ordering at Asian Box works. It's a 4 step process (even though the takeaway menu has 3 steps):   1) The first step is to pick your base of either rice or noodles (they have brown rice!).  2) Number two, you pick your protein/meat (chicken, beef, pork, tofu, or shrimp) 3) Third, pick the "toppers" which include things like sprouts, peanuts, and pickled veggies. All of the toppers are free except for the caramel egg, which is not a chocolate easter candy with caramel inside, but a hard boiled egg that's been simmered in something - the egg is an extra 95 cents.  4) And lastly, pick your sauce. Some of the sauces cost extra too.   I opted to get the rice noodles + coconut curry tofu + ALL the toppers including the caramel egg which the cashier highly recommended + Miss Jones' Sriracha.   And it was really yummy! The veggies tasted very fresh and the tofu was firm and flavorful - you can really taste the curry.   I love the concept - love that you pick what you want and they build it for you. And the box idea is cute - reminds me of japanese bento or korean dosirak. And box and utensils are compostable! And the space is cute and very clean. The staff is very friendly and my food came out super quick.   I'll be back and I already know what I want to try: brown rice + lemongrass pork + ALL the toppers plus the egg + the hot box sauce. I'll let you know if that's good too. :D  

                Pretty darn good! Very fresh ingredients and priced very fairly. I'll def be back..  

                Don't try to eat here unless you have 20 minutes to stand in line and another 15 minutes to wait for your order.   Slow, lazy service and a store layout that completely fails to consider their customers. No area to wait, so everyone is crowded around the tables. Only one register, guaranteeing long lines, even if the cashier weren't slow and chatty.  

                Nothing special. Their marketing and menu looks promising but the food lets down.  The ingredients and quality of food are subpar. The portions are putrid for the price point.  If you believe in paying for ambiance and decor take your $10 to Asian Box. But you'll be hitting the taco truck later.  

                Yay Asian Box finally opened!   So yes, yet another Asian option on Castro. What makes Asian Box stand out? Besides being damn good, oh so simple, and DIY Chipotle - style, they make a mean coconut curry tofu... add on some peanut sauce and you've got yourself a legit little meal for $8.50 with tax.   This healthy fast food option is awesome when I want a little Asian flare without the authenticity that lines Castro. While I love my bentos, dim sum, crazy ramen concoctions, and token white person feeling, its nice to stand in line, order, and go. Brown rice and tofu with peanut sauce in a little box? How perfectly Americanized. It's like an Amy's bowl but 10x the flavor.   I noticed a few reviews said the portions were on the small side; I suppose I could see that, given that our concept of portions is a bit out of whack, however It probably depends on what you get (meat vs tofu... veggies vs rice etc). My box was just the right size for me and I was pretty full afterwards, however maybe for hungry burly dude I could see how one could leave disappointed. If that happens, add on some spring rolls.   I hope they do well.  I'm gonna be needing my peanut sauce fix STAT!  

                I decided to enjoy a nice day out with the boyfriend in downtown mv. We stopped by asian box for a late lunch.   The staff was accommodating and the food was pretty good. Portions were appropriate where I could finish the whole thing without feeling like I was about to burst. The beef was tender and the tamarind sauce was bomb.   I also got the vietnamese coffee. Super sweet & gave me a stomach ache, but its actually not bad if you have a really intense sweet tooth.  

                An option for a quick lunch. However, I would visit other places if I have some time.  I decided to try Asian Box based on a recommendation from a friend and good reviews on Yelp. Employees were cheerful and upbeat. Food was prepared relatively quick. I ordered the brown rice + tofu + jalapeño + scallion oil + crispy shallots + peanut sauce + Sriracha sauce. There is $0.75 charge for extra sauce. The wok fried veggies are supposed to be included with the order.  Overall, the food was flavorful. However, the wok-fried veggies were almost non-existent. There was some steamed broccoli. I would have preferred a little more veggies. I was pleasantly surprised by the crispy shallots. It made the dish better. The  eco-friendliness is good.  I would not recommend this place for dinner. It is an OK alternative for a quick lunch.  

                The food at Asian Box is actually OK. The concept is a good idea being able to customize your meal.  However, the prices are outrageous for the portion size provided.  I do not need huge lunches or really big meals, but I thought that these portions are just really small.  I have eaten here twice and both times left hungry.  Last time, a coworker of mine ordered extra meat with his.  The price for extra meat?  $5!!!!  His meal was $17 for a bowl and a drink.  I find that to be outrageous for a quick restaurant like this.  I know that rent must be slightly pricy, but something needs to be adjusted.  I found the chicken in my bowl was very skimpy, and mostly skin.  It was not as though the chicken I was eating was very high quality, in my opinion.  Maybe the other meats would have been better, but I did not find the chicken to be good.  The highlight of the meal was putting the hot sauce on it.  However, even hot sauce was an extra 50 cents!! Asian Box needs to reevaluate their pricing.  If after this review, you still decide to go, I suggest you ask for them to mix the sauce in your box for you.  At this point, I don't think that they are charging extra for that....yet.....  

                Second visit was as pleasant as the first and so was the food .  Keep up the good work folks !!!  

                Very fresh and delicious, the cashier was very nice and patient while explaining all the options. I would highly recommend the peanut sauce and their chicken. I would definitely come back there, it was delicious!  

                I like the concept of this spot. Very good flavors and I feel healthy eating this meal! I like all the topping options and the extra spice dust on top was very good. I liked the tofu, but will try the shrimp next time.  

                I tried a salad box with shrimp, and it was pretty good. The "salad" is more like cabbage, but the dressing they give you makes it taste really good. The portion is a bit small, but I think if you got the rice or noodle box it would be a lot more filling. They also have a great selection of drinks- I had a mint iced tea that was delicious, and they have cider on tap.  

                The Chipotle of Asian food. Pretty good for lunch, I'd have to experiment with combinations to find something I love. I tried the shrimp, they recommended the tamarind sauce which I did not like. The shrimp was pretty good and well cooked. Service was good, friendly, and prompt.   Definitely worth a stop for lunch. for a quick meal. The iced coffee was above average too.  

                I went here for lunch today and I really enjoyed it. The women working there were very friendly, upbeat, and helpful. The line (3 min) and the wait (5 min) wasn't too long, especially since it was during the lunch rush.   I got rice with pork with all the toppings except egg and jalapenos with the no-oil fish sauce. I thought it was really quite delicious. Granted, I like Asian food, so I am biased in that sense, but I would totally eat here again.   The price is appropriate for the mountain view area (I'm still getting used to it), but I am full from my box (not hungry, not stuffed). So for $8, it was a good lunch.  

                First time will probably be my last. Very unorganized and mismanaged. Food was hardly warm when it was ready. Hoping they were just having an off day.  

                Edit again: I've been meaning to do this for weeks, but everything I've complained about has been addressed. That alone speaks volumes for what a business tries to accomplish and I commend them for it. I have not had an order turned down or missed in weeks.  Edit: I put ABMV at 3 stars now instead of one because it seems that they've made a valid attempt at addressing my issues. Hopefully they keep it up and I can give them the five stars they deserve because it really is delicious, quality, gluten free food. Thanks to the team for a better experience last time I ordered and thanks to Chuck for addressing me personally :)  This will get updated as I go since I come here on a weekly basis...I was just told my tofu rolls that they let me pre order won't be made because they're busy tonight. This might, MIGHT be ok if I wasn't watching their employee stand around; or maybe if it wasn't a staple item on the menu; or maybe if they were out of an ingredient or two. But no, they have everything, it's one of less than 10 menu items, and they have a person standing there not putting boxes together. Also it's the 10th out of 13 times that my order wasn't ready when I got here with a half hour notice and they have been rude about it. Really, you're trying to tell me that your MOUNTAIN VIEW employees can't handle their own technology...get some people who like and/or are capable of doing their job please.  

                This is for the service not the food.   I stood in front of the counter for 5 minutes. It was not busy. No one came to take my order. I left.   Asian Box: You guys need to work on that.  

                The food here is not bad, it is actually above average at least. However, like a lot of Yelpers said, the portion is kind of small, and it does cost a few bucks more. While Asian Box serves Asian fusion food, it serves more of a combination of American fusion Vietnamese food. For example, the noodles they use in their boxes do share very, very similar textures to the ones in Vietnamese noodles, such as Bon Bo Hue. Their caramel egg is really good though, soft boiled and flavored beautifully. However, for the price I am paying for the amount of food I'm getting, most Vietnamese restaurants can definitely provide more portion with similar taste. The food is not bad, but the pricing and portion ratio is not the best for your bucks.  

                Went to Asian Box again after the manager assured me that the menu issue was fixed.  Had a great experience!  We ordered 2 boxes (take-out), did not have to wait long, and the food was very delicious.   I would definitely recommend adding the caramel hard-boiled egg to your box!  The food is on the more expensive side given the amount of food you get, so I might not come too often, but I would definitely come again.  

                it's about time someone came up with an Asian version of Chipotle!  I ordered the rice noodles with shrimp, veggies, all the extra veggies, and tamarind sauce and I have no complaints about the quality of the food.  While the concept of this place is cool and the flavors are spot on, however I'm not sure the portion to pricing ratio is on target. I feel like if I'm paying $8 per box that essentially is made of ingredients that is prepared already then just tossed together, that I should be getting a bit more carbs, veggies, and maybe two more pieces of shrimp in my box. i really think they skimped out on the veggies and adding some extra steamed veggies would have made the box more complete.  if they would just increase the portion size, I would definitely come back. For now, I don't think I would be a returning customer.  

                I LOVE Asian Box! I wish it wasn't so far, coming from SJ. Great for something healthy, light, flavorful, and delicious. I always get the beef one. I love that you can also do a split of greens & brown rice, in case you're feeling a little hungrier. The beef is also flavored well :)  

                More custom made food.  This time it's Vietnamese style with rice or rice noodles.  They take your choice of rice, brown rice, chill rice noodles or salad and you can have a variety of toppings, starting off with a protein, various things like picked veggies or fried shallots and then come down to some sauces like tamarind or house sriracha.  All for $9.   Not bad, but I wish their lemongrass pork actually tasted like lemongrass pork because it really didn't for me.  

                3.5 Stars  I went to this place for dinner in Mountain View Castro. The place reminded me of an asian Chipotle. I was warned that the place's serving size is small and that warning could not have been more right. I don't eat a dramatic amount of food but I am a guy that eats a healthy serving size.  The food does taste good and I would give it a full 4 stars if I had been full leaving the restaurant.   If they would increase the size by maybe 1/3 then I would come back. Otherwise, I wouldn't want to leave dinner still hungry.  

                This place reminds me of an Asian Chipotle. Ingredients are fresh, healthy, customizable, and quick. I got the steak box and it was packed with flavor. Portions were appropriate but probably not suitable for very big eaters. Prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly. Great lunch spot.  

                Since my first review, I've been to Asian Box in PA and MV several more times. I'll try to stay more on topic in this review.  The employees running the MV Asian Box have always been very attentive and know how to make their customers feel appreciated. They check up on customers and ask whether they need anything more often than comparable restaurants.  For the box, get whatever you want for the base. I recommend the Chilled Rice Noodles because the brown rice and jasmine rice are a bit plain in comparison. However, this is the least important choice since the rest of the ingredients easily drown out the base.  For the meat, I typically order beef, though their shrimp and chicken are also good.  For toppers, you MUST get the crispy shallots. They are amazing. I like them just as much as I love the legendary grilled onions from Liba Falafel. I also recommend the chopped peanuts, bean sprouts, and scallion oil. The caramel eggs remind me of Chinese marbled tea eggs, except less salty and more caramelized, so I'd skip them.  For the sauce, I recommend mixing Peanut Sauce and Miss Jones' Sriracha. It's the perfect blend, and it's not too spicy. Tamarind Vinaigrette + Peanut Sauce and No-Oil Fish Sauce + Peanut Sauce are also great combos. In fact, you just can't go wrong mixing Peanut Sauce. Lastly, although it has an interesting name, I've never found any special about the taste of the Asian Street Dust.  

                Big fan of the Ox Box! The food and service at this place are incredible.  It's definitely one of my favorite Asian Fusion places in the area.  

                I tried this place out with my sister and my cousin. It was the bomb!   If you've ever had Chipotle or that Indian version of Chipotle, it's pretty much the same thing, but Vietnamese. The portion given is pretty slim for how much it costs, but the flavor they give is fantastic. The last time I was here I was vegetarian, so the next time I come I would want to try their meat options and probably the brown rice instead of the salad just so it can be more filling.   I wish this place wasn't all the way in Mountain View... So far from San Jose!  

                5 stars for tasty, delicious gluten-free food every time 5 stars for consistent, great, friendly service every time (been there 6 times) 2 stars for beer selection (where's the Omission?  Red Bridge?) 3 stars for ambiance   My math may not add up, but I'd give them 4.5 stars because all their food is fresh and gluten-free.  And yummy.  I like sitting outside on Castro much better than inside -- somewhat stuffy-feeling inside.  I like the relaxed, order-it-yourself atmosphere.  They made a mistake on the sauce on one of my visits and brought me a freshly-cooked replacement -- plus a patch for a free meal next time -- in about 5 min.  They rock.  

                Friendly service. You order and sit down and they call out a number for your food. Casual space.   It reminds me of a Plutos for Salads but this store serves box plate lunches/dinners with Vietnamese flavorings.    Lemongrass pork was weak. I couldnt taste the lemongrass.  The jungle jerky was pretty good.    $8/box.  

                I'm a fan of this place.  Simple food but consistent.   The noodles can be watery but the brown rice w tofu, veggies & peanut sauce is my choice.  Add a side of sriracha sauce for no additional cost to add a little heat.  

                I was on my way to a local event and was very hungry so I stopped by. I had not been there before so I ordered the lunch with chicken, brown rice, vegetables, and the Tamarind Vinaigrette. I received my food promptly and the food was good. The venue is near public transportation (CalTrans) and other shops, so it's a great location.  

