                I would give four or fewer stars for ambiance (it's a plain place with some inventory in boxes near customer seating).  But, the mundane decor is made up for by the generous food offerings (got soup and salad and spring rolls complimentary before placing orders, and produce upon leaving), and the oh so comforting hot and sour soup!  Been there three times now and it will definitely be our go-to place for Chinese or sushi rolls nearby!  

                Service doesn't get any better than at Asia Palace. Owners are extremely generous and eager to please. I went out with my husband's family and they brought us multiple freebies; mango juice, melon for dessert, and a bag of plums to take home.  Our food was brought promptly and the waitress was very polite.   Now on to the food. We ordered the Kung Pao Tofu, Spicy Eggplant, General Chicken, California and Spider Rolls, and Crab Puffs and Spring Rolls as an appetizer. The tofu and eggplant were ordered extra-spicy but I could barely detect any heat. However, the eggplant was cooked very nicely and was not mushy at all. Spring rolls were pleasantly crisp without being greasy, and were served cut up for easy sharing. My husband said his Spider Roll was just "ok", and my sister-in-law pushed away her General Chicken halfway through in seeming disappointment. She did finish her sushi with gusto, though. I did not try the Crab Puffs but I know they disappeared quickly! All in all, Asia Palace is not half-bad but their menu items could use a little help in the flavor department. If this was accomplished, I would eat here all the time!  

                After some power shopping nearby, my friend and I needed dinner.  We ordered crab wontons, Mushu pork, beef with broccoli, and brown rice. They brought us the wrong beef dish. When we asked them to fix it, they took the dish away and brought us a different beef dish within three or four minutes. We think the same exact beef was simply replattered with plain steamed broccoli garnish. It wasn't mixed together like a normal beef with broccoli dish. There was no sauce like normal. It was literally a pile of one and half inch cubed beef with a ring of *plain* broccoli.   However the other items were quite good and I would order them again if I were hungry and in the neighborhood, and in the mood for Asian. However, I won't be going out of my way to go to this place.  By the way this place has both Chinese and Japanese food. Wow.  

                "Comfort zones are most often expanded through discomfort." - First Fortune Cookie Fortune   "The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." - Second Fortune Cookie Fortune (because who eats just one?)  I'm in a period of transition in my life and it's causing me no small amount of confusion and stress since I can be quite change-averse.  Lol,  it's kind of uncanny to get those two particular fortunes.  Oh well.  Y'all aren't reading this to see me try and weigh out my life plans through fortunes so let me get on with an actual review...  Speaking of their fortune cookies, though, I don't particularly like the brand that Asia Palace uses (if you've ever been to Panda Express, it's comparable).  The cookies lack any discernable flavor and if I wasn't in danger of being a hangry driver on the way home, I would not have consumed even one sliver.  (Hm, that was a pretty dramatic statement... it's around lunchtime... maybe I should eat something before finishing this review.)  Why am I picking on their fortune cookies?  Well, I'd say it's really because everything else about this place is pretty great (great service, good food, clean interior, generous addition of fresh produce with your order, etc.).  It's all too easy to be able to pick out the little things that don't quite live up to the overall standard that this place upholds.  Yes, it's minor and won't dissuade me from coming back, but it's a noticeable thing.  Anyway, I called to order the following items at around 6:30 PM, and by the time I made it over to the restaurant at 7 PM (there are red Tsingtao paper lanterns hanging outside - you can't miss it!), my order was packed and ready to go:  California Roll (8 pieces) - 5.50 Pork Chow Mein - 8 Chicken Chow Fun - 8 Honey Walnut Prawns - 14 Mongolian Beef - 11.50  I really loved that there were two large mangoes packed with our order - you Yelpers were not kidding!  Moreover, they separated the sauce for the Honey Walnut Prawns so that they would not get soggy.  Some places don't take that extra step unless you specifically ask for it, so I was grateful that Asia Palace took the initiative.  Like I said before, the food is pretty solid.  As far as Chinese restaurants in Lamorinda go, I've been to Yan's Restaurant in Orinda and China Moon in Moraga.  Out of the three of them, I'd probably prefer to continue patronizing Asia Palace.  China Moon's food can be really oily and salty.  Yes, they do have large portions that are filling, but it's not quality food.  Yan's is definitely on par with Asia Palace in terms of their dishes being (fairly) healthy, but I don't get the sense that their service is as great.  That said, I'll definitely continue coming to AP!  

                I love this place! I have yet to have anything that was disappointing. I also love that they give you random free produce to take home! pretty unique and kind of them.  

                All the way in the heart of Moraga; I only wish this place was worth the trip.  The food was just OK.  I just didn't have the love for this place the way other Yelpers do.  Maybe because the day was just super hot.  Pretty good tasting food, but nothing special or reason for me to easily give five stars or even make the drive way out there.    Upon arrival, the dining area appeared small and looked like it needs a bit of cleaning.  Even worse is the lack of ventilation, especially on a 90 degree day.  I thought I was gonna eat Chinese food, but instead their menu had a large variety of Asian food to choose from.  Kinda reminded me of the Asian food eateries in Dublin IR.  We weren't really greeted at the front, until someone in the back (assuming the manager) pointed and said "you can sit anywhere".  Okie!  The waitress was nice, but had a hard time understanding us.  We were new, and we  simply asked 'what's good' or 'what were they known for'.  She seemed lost, or didn't know how to respond.  Oh boy!    What we ordered: ~ 5 piece Sashimi:  We ended up with the Nigiri & Sashimi Combo.  With tuna nigiri ($5) two small but fresh pieces over rice, and salmon sashimi pieces ($7.30) also good and fresh, but 'yikes' on the price!   ~ The Moraga Roll ($16 yikes again) - Tempura shrimp, crabmeat, avocado, buried, yes buried, under tempura flakes and sauce.  Crunch, ok yes, pretty good.  Rice was okay, but was a bit cold for a supposed fresh sushi rice.  It just didn't justify the price. ~ Super Crunchy Roll ($15) - Crabmeat, avocado, tempura flakes and sauce.  Boy was I fooled!  Add the tempura shrimp, and I've got a Moraga Roll.  The ol' switch'a'roo trick on the menu.  Check out my pics on how buried in flakes both rolls ended up.  We did get a free sprite and free chow mein served to us, and I was full.  But overall, I went to the wrong place expecting good sushi and the price wasn't worth the long drive.  Also, looking at the Chinese entrees being $10-12 is like, WTH!!!  The manager was really nice, and he even gave us a big bag of fruit as a kind gesture.  I really wanted to give a third star, but nothing earned it.  I just don't see myself coming back any time soon.  

                My husband and I had dinner at Asia Palace after work last week.  We were greeted by not only the hostess but a swarm of flies.  We ordered the house special chicken and unagi, spicy tuna, and Philadelphia sushi rolls. The house special chicken dish was decent but the sushi was disgraceful. The sushi wasn't fresh and the taste of stale fish lingered on my tongue throughout the entire meal.  I will not be back!  

                We love the friendly service and generosity at Asia Palace. As everyone has noted, they always send you home with fresh produce and they give you freebies with every meal (egg rolls, drinks, etc.).  It's always an adventure to see what you'll get. The food is solid - nothing inventive or mind blowing, but solid.  We like the Moraga noodles and salt/pepper fish a lot.  

                One of my most favorite places to eat whenever I do not feel like cooking at my apartment when I am at SMC or when I do not want to eat at Oliver, so I go here all the time. The service is impeccable. The waiters and waitresses are very hospitable and care about your stay. The owner is one of the most caring people in the world. After you eat, he usually gives you a grocery bag filled with vegetables, fruits, maybe some candy like airheads! The good is also really well prepared. They start you off with a complementary hot and sour soup and with some spring rolls while you decide what to order. After you order the food doesn't take long for them to cook and serve. I are the orange chicken today and it was on point. Is definitely a place I come back to time and time again. Tl; dr: just go to this restaurant if you are in the area. Freaking amazing  

                This place changed owners and chefs, so they no longer have the same amazing sushi chef. Not sure where he went (he doesn't seem to be at Golden Palace either). Service is still friendly, and the sushi menu is the same. Execution not quite.  

                Unfortunately the new ownership can't hold a chop stick to the the previous owners.  House Chow mein and cashew chicken were horrible. They have cut back on all the good veggies, shrimp and beef morsels in their CM and hardly any chicken in the latter fish.  When picking up our take out order, we were greeted by two young ladies smoking in front of the door. One the cook and the other the hostess.  Place was empty.  Wonder why?  

                Absolutely great place to eat as a college student. They offer large portions at fair prices, and they really love their customers. One experience that really shows how deeply the owner cares about you was when my friends and I were eating dinner and one of my friends left her keys on the table. The owner came running out with the keys to make sure they didn't get left behind. He then told us to wait a second as he went back inside. When he returned he handed us a box full of food, candy, and drinks, telling us he cares about his customers as much as family and wants to make them feel that way. Overall very nice owner and staff, great service, and good food.  

                This place was freakin amazing. Our first time last week and going again tonight: Fried rice, orange chicken, tempura roll, miso soup, green dragon role and tempura shrimp and veggies.   Good wine and beer selection and the service was genuine and warm. Love this place!  

                I would never leave a 1 star review  for any restaurant  but this place leaves me no choice. As soon as we walk in they tell us to wait sit at the booth. We sit down and they make us get up and move to the bar after looking at the menu for 5 minutes.  There was one other  person in the restaurant. They said it is only for groups of 3 or more. We move to the bar order 2 rolls. The rolls were slimy  and smelled horrid. I have had sushi all over the world, the fish was rotten and had been out for a while. Would not recommend  to an enemy.  

                Wonderful local restaurant. Owners are very generous and do whatever it takes to fulfill customer orders. Would recommend the Chicken corn soup as well as the dragon roll.  

                Place  - An incredible find. Large enough to seat a bunch of friends.  Food  - I've never been so satisfied with the amount of food I got. It just kept coming.   Service  - The waitress was attentive, kind, and gracious.  Price  - For $9, I got a full meal, fresh produce to go, and watermelon dessert. WHAT!?  Go back?  - Watermelon dessert! What more do you need!?  

                We stumbled upon this spot for lunch after a long hike. Delicious kung pao tofu! Great service. And they gave us free organic avocados to go! Best part of the day. :)  

                Asia Palace!!!!  Probably my most favorite place in Moraga, I ate here religiously while I attended SMC and worked at WF.  The owner is ethical, courteous, caring, he is a real people pleaser.  I used to think it was so funny whenever he gave us free fruit at the end of our visits, it's just his way of wishing you well and thanking you for the business.  He is a major reason I still talk about his restuarant and recommend visiting.  I am gluten sensitive and I appreciate that he uses organic ingredients.  I also held my graduation lunch here, everyone loved it!  If you're in the La Morinda area you owe it to yourself to stop in.  My friends and I love the crab puffs, you must try it  

                Wow! What a find. Delicious eggplant, Kung pao tofu and green beans. Great service. Fresh free organic avocados!  

                I highly recommend Asia Palace to anyone who has yet to come here.  I have grown up in Moraga and remember when Asia Palace was just a restaurant called Fan's.    This restaurant is about the service, the food, and most of all the owner, Alan.  Alan wants to make sure every guest feels welcome and appreciated.  He often brings out free appetizers and will send you home with a treat as well.  The food they serve is delicious and a great mix between Chinese and Japanese cuisine.  To me, Asia Palace is the heart of Moraga and though I no longer live there, I always make the journey back to eat here and see my friend Alan.  

                We were in the area looking at St. Mary's College for my daughter and we yelped this restaurant. It was a wonderful surprise and experience. We had some sushi and Chinese food. The Orange Chicken was the best. The Chinese pot stickers could have been crisper but that would be my only complaint. They sent us on our way with a complimentary bag of oranges. I wish I lived closer to frequent the place!  

                Fantastic Chinese food and sushi...with fast service and very friendly staff. Plus, not only did we leave with a bag of free organic oranges, but they topped off each of our wines halfway thru the meal as a nice gesture. Just moved into the area and this is easily my new favorite spot.  

                A good place to stop for a meal on the way to St. Mary's.  I have been here twice, first time ordering Mango chicken that is so-so because it's too saucy and sweet, but the second time with a different dish it was much better.  Portions are good, especially with soup and dumplings on the side.  Food (to-go) was served pretty quickly as well.  But big plus for good service.  First time I went there I got a free pack of Japanese snacks so that was generous of them.  If I passed by again I wouldn't mind coming here again.  

                Excellent quality food and excellent service at a reasonable price. Complimentary soda and fruit! Would definitely come here again and if I lived here I would be a regular.  

                This is one restaurant that gives their customers lots of freebies like produce, cookies for kids, hot and sour soup, spring roll... We were looking for a good place to eat we got in turn an awesome food, great customer service and they actually out give us! Thank you and thanks yelpers!  

                After dining here multiple times i have to change my review...if you order Chinese food  you'll start to notice that all the dishes use the same sauce and everything tastes the same. They still give free stuff out but won't be coming here for the food.  The owners opened a new chinese/japanese place in Moraga called Golden Palace...unfortunately they use the same sauce in all their chinese food dishes.  

                Yep! Agree with other reviewers. This place was awesome! What wonderful customer service!  

                This is one of the worst Chinese Restaurants on the Lamorinda area and a review I did last month after a remarkably bad take out experience is gone. The worst review is 3 stars which is a joke. Who are writing these glowing 5 star reviews. I believe it is YELP because they have been paid.  Let's see if this gets posted  

                My wife & i had absolutely worst  dinner ever. This is not a Chinese food The place has so many flies and the services sooooo bad never coming back.  

                This little restaurant in the Moraga Valley is a hidden gem. The food is organic and excellent! The owner remembers your name and treats you like family. He will stop you on your way out and hand you free local produce! You leave enjoying a nice dinner and complementary fresh fruit and veggies! A+++++  

                This place is so good! The sushi is amazing with huge portions. I really like the dishes too, until one day we took someone there and they pointed out that all the dishes we had ordered have the exact same 'special sauce'. Turns out the sauce is on most dishes and our family has become a little less loving of this place since then. It's still a great go-to chinese place in the neighborhood and the staff/management is so nice!  

                There are 2 Chinese restaurants here in Moraga, both have excellent ratings. Asia Palace is so much better than the other, they aren't even on the same level.  First, when you walk into Asia Palace, you are immediately greeted in a warm manner. Everyone is friendly, the other patrons are enjoying their food, people are happy. This is because the owner is such a warm and gracious person, the rest of the staff follows in his footsteps. It's practically impossible to not feel welcome.   Secondly, you will probably get something for free. This isn't a reason to eat here, but just an extension of the owner's graciousness. Sometimes it's a large bottle of beer to share, sometimes it's some noodles, almost definitely you will get some organic fruit to take home.    But the real reason to eat here is the food. They use only organic and local produce, the quality of their meat and seafood is top-notch. They serve Japanese and Chinese dishes. Serving multiple ethnic cuisines usually means that both will be mediocre, or worse, one will be great and the other downright gross. This place is an exception. My husband is a huge fan of the sushi and the Chinese menu, sometimes ordering something from both. Last night it was the green roll (I think that's what it was called) and the shrimp chow-mein noodles. Both were fucking tasty.   Just so you know what to expect, this isn't actually 'Asian fusion', it's what you would expect from a regular Chinese restaurant, just done really, really well PLUS great sushi. Don't expect San Francisco haute cuisine, or a hip and trendy place - just a place to grab some great food amongst friendly locals.  

                OMG ........ I came here only after reading Yelp reviews!  Honestly, it's about the worst Chinese I've had in a while.    They may advertise that they use Organic produce/products - but I don't buy it.  I think it's a selling ploy to get customers in.  The food is way over priced.  The servings are sml.  The food is over seasoned with thick heavy soy sauces!  It's way too salty.   This is not good Chinese food.  Being Chinese, I know what good Chinese food is about.  My parents owned a Chinese restaurant & it's easier to cook bad Chinese food than good!  The service at this place was bad.  Our water glasses were not refilled.  We were never asked if our food was any good. If they had, I might have sent it all back!  We ordered the Tofu, sweet & sour cabbage & string beans.  All were heavily soaked in a soy mixed sauce with red proper flakes & garlic.  The mixture would have been fine, but it was over used.  It took over the dish.   The fresh produce is a nice gesture, but really, I rather have great food!  The scary thing is some of the cooks & people bought out Iron Platter at Rheem.  The menu looks the same & the new owners tell me they're from Asian Palace.  I told them the food at Asian Palace was not good!    I won't go back to Asian Palace.  

                Great Chinese food. The owner is generous. Go. Eat the food. Put it in your mouth and enjoy it.  

                I do not expect amazing Asian food in Lamorinda. We moved from SF, and originate from LA. For Moraga, this place fills the void for when I don't feel like cooking or driving across the bridge or searching for a fit replacement in walnut creek, if there is any.   It's not fancy but the food is decent. My husband and kids like it. I usually just eat a tofu dish with brown rice.   The five stars is for the service. We just moved here but the owner makes us feel like we're regulars. It's always a warm greeting. It felt awkward, at first, and I assumed he must have mistaken us for someone else. But the gesture has been consistent with every visit.   One night we needed rice for our dinner at home (my parents brought home cooked meals). We had to return again because my parents wanted to make fried rice for breakfast. The restaurant was already closing and the servers were politely apologizing. Once the owner saw my husband, he signaled him to wait and he gave my husband the order of rice plus a ton of extras.   They give us so much extra stuff it's unbelievable; and I don't mean the bag of produce or candy they give to my kids.   As I said they always make us feel welcomed, even if it's just for an order of rice. The extras are an added perk and do not reflect the rating.  

                Asia Palace is delicious and I will definitely becoming back again. The people who own this restaurant are wonderful.  The negative reviews are hilarious. Do you people listen to yourselves?  To the those who say this place is not authentic. Of course it's not. It's a Chinese food place that serves sushi... They could not survive in the hegemonic cluster f**k that is Moraga.  To those who say that the food is not organic. I'm just curious as to how you know this?  Those who complain about the owners giving you free food. You should be slapped in the face.  The owners are good people making a living cooking delicious food. If you don't like it go to Panda Express.  

                Just to echo others' reviews, this place is run really well, with very good Chinese food and really fresh sushi. They are always busy - 7 days a week - and as a result always have very fresh food. And yes, you will always be pressed to take a bag of free, fresh, organic fruits or vegetables with you when you go. Or to have a free glass of wine. Or a free beer. Or a handful of free candies for the kids in your party. Or SOMETHING free and nice - it's clearly become a hallmark of their service.  Note that they do anything from their menu as takeout, as well.  

                You go to the place for the experience! There is something to be said about a Chinese restaurant in Moraga that is packed on a Sunday night!  

                I really really love this place.   Not necessarily because the food is the best on the planet, but there is something about this place that makes it more than just a place to fill your gut.   I usually just come for the sushi, as I work near Alameda and Oakland and the authenticity I crave for Chinese food lives there, not in Moraga.   The sushi here, though, is fresh and good.  It is pretty standard sushi, actually.  Not amazing, never bad.  I can count on it to fill my sushi cravings.   The extraordinary thing about this place is the people, though. The people here care about you.  Not in the way that salespeople care about you because they want to make a sale, these people really "care" about you.  I get this impression that they look into my very soul and want to give me what I truly need, whatever that is.      Last time I came here, they seemed to have a couple of boxes of extra food from somewhere and they were giving everyone fried shrimp from a box and baklava.  ??  I thought that was interesting and odd and fabulous all at the same time.   When I left, I got a bag of some beautiful oranges, a ripe mango, an onion and a lovely English cucumber.  I also got more baklava.  : )   Oh, wait, let me explain.  When you are ready to leave, they give you a bag of groceries.  No, really, they do.  They have boxes of yummy organic stuff and they make up a bag special for each customer as they leave.   I am convinced that they looked into my soul and decided that I needed some sweetness in my life, hence the oranges, mango and baklava.    This was absolutely true. Trust me.  I've been feeling mighty bitter lately.  Is that AWESOME or what?    I wanted to hug everyone there - stand in a circle and say some prayers to the universal spirit of love and giving and health.   This is more than a restaurant my friends.  I am not exactly sure what it is, but I sure like it a lot.    Come and get what you need.  

                Nice people.  Good service. Great chow fun.  

                We have used this restaurant for many years & have recommended it to friends as we have never been disappointed with the food or service & their prices are very reasonable.   The owner Alan is friendly & extraordinarily generous   We usually get takeout food & have always been given something extra that we did not order. This restaurant uses a lot of organic produces & we have never experienced any bad reaction after eating their food.  

                Oh my goodness! Such a wonderful dinner! I had the black pepper chicken and I think it is the best that I have ever had. Service was wonderful and hot a basket of fresh strawberries to take home, and they served us fresh watermelon and strawberries for a surprise dessert. Why only four stars? Idk....it was my first time, but I will definitely go again!  

                I always come here when I'm in the area, delicious, fast, friendly and their goody bags are hilarious!  

                I LOVE this place! Their food is incredibly fresh and the staff is really friendly.   Also, the wait staff brings a variety of gifts to your table throughout the meal (from free candy to extra pieces of food) and at the end of the meal, they may present you with a bag of goodies to take home. When I went, my group was given a take-home gift bag of a cucumber, four oranges, a Japanese soda, two avocados, and a bottle of the sake we had ordered with dinner.   I cannot stress enough how kind, generous, and enthusiastic the owners and servers are.   The only oddity of the restaurant is its atmosphere; since it's a fusion place and not a strictly Japanese/sushi restaurant, the dining room is very plain and reminds me more of a Chinese restaurant. The interior is a little messy but does not feel dirty at all.   They obviously take pride in each dish and you're guaranteed the highest quality and freshest ingredients. I'm a sushi snob from southern California and I was thoroughly pleased, plus the food is REASONABLE! Be sure to thank the owners profusely when you leave since the gifts with which they provide you make the entire experience a great value!  Not a place for a romantic date but definitely a place for solidly great, appropriately-priced fusion food.  

                Well being that I compare good Chinese food to Oakland and SF standards I have to say this place was great!  Sushi was good too. Yes believe all the yelps this place is yummy high quality food with great service.  

                Overall a disappointing experience. Although the staff was very friendly, the food was really lacking. It was nice that they offered to send me home with some free oranges and soup, even though I thought that was a bit strange. I got orange chicken and it was inedibly overlooked. The chicken was dry and stringy. I also got sweet and sour shrimp. The sauce was not for me and the shrimp were mangled to fit straight on skewers. The chow mein noodles were thick and under seasoned. So disappointing because I heard good things about this place  

                If you come to Moraga, you have to try Asia Palace. The food is great, the owners are awesome and passionate about organic food, the service is great, and they give you a ton of free food to take home. You've never experienced anything like it, trust me! It's just a unique restaurant experience. They give you so much more than you will bargain for. They have two huge fridges in the front of the restaurant just for the food they are going to bag up for you to take home!! Doing takeout? No problem, you will still go home with a pineapple, celery, kiwis, frozen edamame, and candy for your kids! Oh, and delicious baklava!! Whatever is in supply that day! A friend of mine came out of there with dinner knives one time! Apparently they over ordered or something. The folks at Asia Palace work really hard and the food is delish. Have fun!!  

                the quick scoop: friendly, attentive, generous service; delicious sushi; wonderful restaurant!  my sister & i chose Asia Palace Restaurant on sheer whim after touring SMC's campus. we lucked into an absolutely fantastic experience. since we walked in during off-hours (& i'm assuming off-season, too), we sat outside at a small, clean table for two. although a parking lot moated the space, the atmosphere was calm & quiet. before our sushi rolls arrived, the waitress brought us a complimentary appetizer of edamame cooked with a satisfying touch of crunch--a perfect warm-up for my clumsy fingers on the steady metallic chopsticks. my sister had a Philadelphia roll which was very tasty. i opted for the Lion King roll and can confidently profess that it was THE BEST special roll i have ever had (i've had a few special rolls in my day). as other reviews note, the watermelon & orange dessert finishes the meal on a smile--not to mention the fortune cookies, lollipops, &--of course--the bag of fresh, organic oranges! it's difficult to believe a restaurant exists that caters so generously to its patrons. i will definitely return to Asia Palace to explore further the menu during the fall when my grad program begins. i highly recommend.  

                I am giving this business a very low rating due to deception about their food being organic.  The owner and some of the other waiters claim that everything is organic when almost none of it is... not the meats, not the eggs, not 80% of the vegetables in the dishes as of early 2013.  I do like the organic soysauce on the tables, IF indeed they were not refilled into the labeled dispenser containers from large containers of much cheaper non-organic soy sauce.  In cooking, they do not use organic oils no soy sauce either.    The owner gives away produce from a refrigerator located in the dining room that are sometimes with the organic label (starts w/ a # 9).  Often he has given me produce claiming it's organic when it has a sticker without a #9 in front.  When I called them at one time for catering and wanted to make sure it's organic, one of the owners admitted that only their mixed greens and 1 other vegetable was organic.    I have gone to Asia Palace about a dozen times, and about half the dishes are prepared well to my taste.  The owners and staff here are very nice, although odd. Please consider giving larger proportions for meals rather than giving away "free" produce at the end of each meal to customers.  I do enjoy some of the produce that are organically labeled, but do not like the conventionally grown ones and it's a waste of effort when they can put this energy into providing more organically grown ingredients and/or larger portions.   I do not like the fact that the owner pushes junk candy on the kids after the meal even if the parents decline!  A business who understands healthy eating would never give candy that contains partially hydrogenated oils (trans fat), artificial food coloring and flavors and preservatives that are not recommended by nutritionists and health experts.  For this reason alone, I do not go there with my children anymore.  Once Asia Palace comes clean with their claims, I will re-rate the restaurant as a regular chinese restaurant, not one that claims to be organic.  Think, do you know of any legitimate organic ingredients serving restaurants that do not brag about it on their menu or website?  Organic ingredients are more expensive, so they will never omit putting that in writing!  Rated as a regular chinese restaurant with conventional ingredients, I would rate it 4 stars!  Many dishes are very tasty, although about 1/2 the portion of other chinese restaurants.  I wouldn't care about the small portions if it was organic.  I would choose quality over quantity.  I would like to offer the owners to PRINT on their menu what is ORGANIC, and be transparent.  Once this occurs, then I will change my review to 4 stars.  They are really nice staff so I'm sad to have to write this review but honesty and true representation of what you serve is important, and a legal issue!  

                You will receive a gift (or multiple gifts, if you're cool enough) with your meal. Examples of what I've gotten: tall Sapporo, organic veggies (I've gotten avocados, bags of spinach), bags of Ghirardelli chocolates, a glass of house wine, various free sushi rolls. Who doesn't love free stuff? This restaurant knows how to treat its customers right, and always greet every customer like an old friend. And it's pretty cool that they make a point to use all organic ingredients.  I've only gotten sushi here, so keep that in mind when reading this. It's really just average. It's good, the fish tastes fresh, but nothing to write home about, and, in my humble opinion, not worth what they're charging. For example: their super crunchy roll is $15 and is just a regular old California roll with imitation crab and avocado with some crunchy pieces of tempura on top. Their California roll itself $5.50. Ten extra dollars for some crumbled tempura pieces? Get outta town.  4 stars because their customer service is phenomenal. Otherwise, 3.5.  

                We looked for a new Chinese restaurant to go to in the Lafayette Moraga area and saw this one and its good ratings and called for a reservation. We were really glad we had a reservation when we arrived because there was a wait list and we were seated right away because we had called.  It was an experience to say the least. The food was really good, the ambiance was unique, and it was fun overall and we're glad we went.   We had a tofu dish with vegetables and a chicken dish. One of us ordered sushi and it was just OK. We, too, were offered lots of free stuff. A free large beer and some spring rolls. When we left, we were given a grocery box with bananas, oranges, and fortune cookies in it. I'm not sure if they were organic or not but I don't really care about that whole issue being debated by other reviewers. Everything tasted good and fresh and that's all we cared about.  They were very busy and there were plenty of employees working and the service was quick and welcoming, though a bit scattered and disorganized with sometimes two people handling the same task, etc.   There are boxes stacked all along the walls and the place looks a bit like a storeroom or warehouse but it kind of adds to the eccentricity of the owner. He is kindhearted and eager to please.  We would definitely feel comfortable and happy to go back again.  

                Alan delivers great local food, not to be missed.  Hot and Sour soup is a must, along with the ginger chicken.  You will never leave empty handed, Alan generously sends his guest home with fresh fruit and sweets.  

                Got Szechuan prawns and although they were not prepared the way I usually have them, they were fresh, crisp and flavorful. All around very good dish. Tried my co-worker's chicken eggplant and that was also good except that the eggplant was cut pretty big. We got egg rolls with our order and while we were eating the waitress brought a whole big bowl of them for us to eat as much as we liked! Free stuff is awesome especially when it tastes good too. After our meal we, as other reviews have noted, we were given organic produce (tomatoes, oranges, and kiwis in this case).  Overall, this was a great experience for lunch which I think ran around $11 for ayce egg rolls, substituted rice for chow mien, soup, soda and fruit to go!  

                The food is great.  I love that they have Chinese and Japanese food.  The owner is wonderful.  I have recommended this Restaurant to many friends.  They make you feel like you are part of their family.  

                This place is insane. Great food, amazing service, and best of all, tons of free food.  

                Being Asian I get tired of eating Chinese food all the time, but I can't get enough of this place. The Chinese food is fresh and authentic (I don't know about the sushi bar - I haven't tried it -), the service is quick and the staff are all friendly, and they always give you free stuff at the table and will not let you leave without an entire brown shopping bag of free food on the way out the door. My favorite dish is definitely the eggplant dish - I would highly recommend it - I can't get enough of it!  

                I'm a long time Lamorinda resident and my favorite food happens to be Chinese. I'm writing this review after years of ordering various items from Asian Palace.    To me, Asian Palace has great food. But it's expensive with no Take Out discount and their food is not "tradition" Chinese food. For instance, the Broccoli Beef is not thinly sliced beef but huge chunks of beef that are cooked Medium-Raw to Medium at best (I've received cold meat before, most of the meat I eventually throw out anyways because of how under cooked it is).   The Hot and Sour soup has prawns and the consistency of the broth is similar to a Won-ton soup. Not very hot, more temperature hot and less spicy hot. The Sweet & Sour Pork is fried nicely, but has a tangy sauce that is not similar to traditional Chinese cooking. The Mongolian Beef and BBQ Pork Fried Rice is by far my favorite items, but everything listed here are way too over priced and serving size are simply the average to-go boxes. One rice dish costs $10 after tax! Cost them maybe $3 dollars to make rice and heat up already prepared pork.    And the Sushi there is very questionable, I've had the Dragon only twice, but each time the avocado was soft and the Eel was gushy (suppose to be either crispy or at least firm). And I had this sushi during the summer (avocado season), so don't think I ordered this on a random day in December. If the restaurant is not known for Sushi, don't expect top-quality Sushi. And price is always, really high.   Quick tip: don't choose delivery. They say 45 minutes, but it took them an Hour and 30 minutes to arrive. By the time they arrived our food was barely hot, and I paid over $60 for five items! If you choose take-out, they give you free semi-fresh produce and beer if your 21. But let's compare Asian Palace pricing with other tradition Chinese restaurants within the Moraga Area. How about China Moon.  Let's order the 5 same things from both restaurants and determine the price.   BBQ Pork Fried Rice, Mongolian Beef, Pot Stickers, Hot & Sour Soup, Sweet & Sour Pork.   Asian Palace price after tax: $50  China Moon after tax: $40  China Moon after tax With 15% Take-out:  $34  Asian Palace does use organic produce from local markets. But sometimes, I want that Chinese market in my Sweet & Sour soup. The quality might be higher at Asian Palace, but it's by no means a traditional Chinese Restaurant.  

                This place is great. Good food, good prices, and the owner is super friendly! If you go there more than once he is sure to remember you. I am always weary of restaurants that do more than one cuisine, but Asia Palace does it well! Also the owner will give you some goodies as you leave.  

                Oh how I hate not giving this place 5 stars.  Well the location is a little hidden, good.  The clientele are eclectic and the food is fantastic.  They serve fantastic flavors in the foods they prepare.  Still only 4?  There was a homey feeling while there and the free fruit at the end was interesting.  The missing ingredient was not obvious and maybe only me missing the final push to 5.  Charming restaurant and a capable staff.  Go here and see for yourself.  I'm coming back to find out what it is that it has and what it is that is missing.  Have not pinpointed its weakness yet.  

                The first time I went I had their sushi and it was not my favorite, but I decided to go again and loved it. I had the lemon chicken and orange chicken and they brought us a plate of chow mien on the house. It was all very yummy. I also love that they give snacks and fruit before we leave and this is great because it really helps college students have something to take and snack on at home. I am planning to go again.  

                Review Started 10/2/2011 - sorry for the delay.  I have to agree with grace r.  I paid $80 for 2 dishes an appetizer and some sushi (a roll and a few nigiri) and was still hungry.  The beef and asparagus special was overcooked and tiny for $15, and had maybe 1 spear in it, cut up.  Overpriced Small portions Is the fruit gift some kind of a ploy to distract you from the fact you are being duped?  The only reason I am giving it 2 stars is because the sushi tasted good.  I may give them another try simply because I live so close, but I will be careful what I order.  We never did eat the fruit because we were so turned off by our experience and skeptical that it was not organic.  The packaging said organic but it was all open and looked reused.  Just strange all around.  

                This place is the best hidden secret in Moraga. The first time I went was on Christmas Eve when no other place was open. The food is amazing, but the service is kind of hilarious. I take my out of town friends here for the entertainment; they are very friendly, give you a free plate of something random, typically offer the adults a free alcoholic drink, kids get airheads and a bag of chips or cookies, and the best part: you always leave with a bag full of organic produce AND lately, a box of baklava!  

                ORGANIC, and you can taste every bit of it. Seriously a lot of flavor in the 5 types of chicken with noodles meal that I ordered. Service was great as well.  I might be a bit biased when I wrote this... but that's only because the owner gives out 2 corn on the cobs (unleafed) and an ENORMOUS box of spinach leaves to each table.... JUST BECAUSE HE CAN! This guy deserves a medal, preferably goldish in color and shiny, with the words ORGANIC SAVIOR on it... because he really does spread health with his wealth.  

                I have yet to taste something from the menu that isn't delicious! Very friendly, love the 'perks', would have given five stars except that I think the interior layout can be improved.  

                We were headed to a basketball game at St Mary's and needed to grab a bite to eat and stopped here. The staff couldn't have been nicer. I had sushi and my husband had chow fun and general chicken. Everything was delicious.  We were even offered complimentary wine. We will definitely be back!!  

                I don't really understand the hype. I like China Moon a lot better than Asia Palace. Asia Palace is a small restaurant that a lot of my friends love. I've never been impressed by the food here, although I can see why people like it. I think the food here is organic(?). However, the food just tastes a little bland to me.  They do always give you free stuff at the end, like Airheads, produce, and fruits.  

                Quite possibly the best chinese food I have ever eaten. Everything about it makes it amazing, not just the perfect food, but the hometown hospitality is so great. They randomly make stuff and hand it out to those eating, even though no one ordered it.  They give you fresh produce when you leave. What makes the food so good is how clean it tastes. A lot of times, chinese food has a sense of tasting like the wok has never been cleaned and there's 10 years of dried flavors slightly mixed into everything.  Asia Palace has amazingly fresh veggies and meat which makes the meal match the experience.  

                Awesome!!!!! Great food, less than perfect decor, but MY WORD THE STAFF IS AMAZING!!!! They actually care about their customers and business!!  Wonderful treats!!! Come see for yourself, you will not be disappointed!!!  

                Been here a number of times, never memorable, solid 3 stars generally. Coolest thing is just how they give you all of that produce, beer, etc.  Had some takeout tonight, was amazingly bland. I almost feel bad giving a negative review being that the man there is always so kind, but alas, I won't be bought off. Potstickers were mushy and without any flavor. Fried rice was very dark and had an unpleasant smell (and taste).   I don't know what they put in the food for all of these other people to give it 4/5 and 5/5. I guess silly white morganites don't know better.  Food at China Moon is about one thousand times better (and cheaper).  

                Used to really like this place.  Rolls are small and overpriced. Almost none with salmon.  Almost every roll is crunchy or has shrimp tempura in it.  Sashimi comes with a lot if fillers and scarcely real fish. Owner brings a lot of stuff to the table we don't order.  My son (10) ends up eating fried junk and then doesn't eat his healthy entree.  Owner keeps bringing sugar-packed drinks to kids without asking the parents.... then hands my son 4 airheads after the meal and a basket of fortune cookies... some very stale since they likely have been in the basket a while.  Waitress texts between customers and we got no water refill throughout the meal.  Sushi is limited and overpriced.  No low sodium soy sauce and cheap sake will cost too much here.  Fresh free produce is not so fresh and I don't see the point in taking home a head of cauliflower at the end of my meal... Two of four booths are repaired with red duct tape so if you are in shorts its not comfortable.  Walls are lined with produce boxes from floor to ceiling as is a large table when you walk in. Used to like this place but now I will likely not ve back.  

                ;)  

                Great option for LaMorinda area. Okay its not authentic Chinese food but really great Americanized Chinese food.  The first thing we noticed was how fresh the ingredients were. The sauces were flavorful without being to heavy and over powering the protein and vegetables.  WHAT WE HAD:  special sushi roll (cant remember the name), broccoli beef, bbq pork and veggies  THE HIGHLIGHTS:  - the ingredients are organic and fresh - flavorful sauces that do not mask the ingredients - served family style - appropriate portions  THE LOWLIGHTS: - the gift giving (it really is an experience but it just awkward when the owner hands you stuff to take home) - the loud typical suburban family fat kids who were entirely too loud sitting next to us  THE DETAILS: I love authentic Chinese food but sometimes want a spicy fix locally. i am usually skeptical of suburban Chinese restaurants but i was pleasantly surprised. this was our first visit and Ive decided that this will be our American Chinese food go-to!  

                I'll summarize this review in two words: FUCKIN' A!!!  I cannot find a bad thing to say about the food. Usually when you find a "fusion" place with two kinds of Nese food, one is good and the other not so much. Here, everything is awesome. I mean, the food is about 20 stars out of 5. They also give you great service, and they're quick with your food.   As others have mentioned, they give you a whole bag full of produce and snacks for free when you leave too. This most recent time, we walked out of there with 3 tomatoes, 4 or 5 oranges, a cucumber, a little bag of Chips Ahoy, and a whole head of cauliflower, just for showing up. The last time, we ended up with a similar amount of free stuff. It was like going to a farmers' market.  The inside ... yeah, it's pretty beat up. Most of the furniture is the same from 10 years ago when it was another Chinese restaurant called Fan's. Whatever. That's pretty minor considering how good the food is.  Couple of quick tips ... the fried rice is just KILLER ... Kung Pao Beef is not technically on the menu but they'll make it, and it's among the best I've had ... if you order your food to go, they give it to you with no sauce, and the sauce separately in a tub. I am actually not a fan of this; I thought things like the Szechwan Beef lost some flavor that way and seemed a little dried out. Really a small problem, though. If you're in Moraga, you might as well eat it there anyway.  

                We were on our way to the Mycra Pac sale and stopped here for lunch.  My companion had been here several times and recommended it.  The Asia Palace is a non-pretentious place located in a strip mall.  We arrived at 11 AM and were seated right away.  The atmosphere is relaxing and the seating comfortable.  We ordered the mongolian beef lunch special (~$9) which included soup and brown or white rice.  Additionally, we had the deluxe chow mein ($10) which consisted of pieces of beef, chicken, and shrimp.  Cups of hot and sour soup were brought before us and it was very spicy and good.  Our lunch was good also, though the chow mein consisted mainly of noodles with only a smattering of beef, chicken, or shrimp.  For a strip mall Asian place, it was decent.  Some may say, it is not authentic as  Asia Palace also serves Japanese food such as a variety of sushi.  However, if authentic equates to white tablecloths with stuffy waiters in tuxes and sky high prices, we don't need that.  What was unusual about this place was the owner who kept bringing over free samples of fruit, corn, lettuce, for us to take home.  He kept touting the organic value of the produce and its quality.  However, organic is a termed that is overused and it would be impossible to tell if the food was actually pesticide free.  I think people just hang that label such as organic, range free, green, eco, sustainable, etc. as a means to charge higher prices without an equivalent value of quality.  The owner also provided some samples of eggs rolls (just okay).  The next day, we tried some of the organic oranges and they were just so-so.  The corn looked old and not crisp.  However, one can't complaint much for it was free, though it does seem like a gimmick.  If in the area, I would probably eat here and maybe try the sushi.  

                I absolutely love Asia Palace. I go to school at Saint Mary's and I come here very often. The food is great- never too dry and never too moist- and very affordable! The service is phenomenal. I really value good service and they definitely deliver. The owner comes out all the time to check on you and they often give you free food- from soup to noodles to anything! I love it.  My favorite part about Asia Palace is probably the fact that you cannot leave without being given some sort of gift on your way out. We have been given everything from a set of glass places and forks to fresh fruit to bottles of Asian soda or sparkling cider. One time I was even given a bag of huge cucumbers! It is always fun and very sweet to receive these things and I cannot help but feel like I'm at a doting grandparent's house. The restaurant itself is ridiculously small and slightly sketchy- but that just makes it all the more fun, right?  

                This place stands up to the high reviews. We had  egg plant and pork , Beef and asparagus . Having lived in China for 4 years we love quality Chinese food. This place delivers good food. What a fun and happy  place. The owner is very gracious and we enjoy dining here whenever we can.  

                I met P for a mid-week lunch at this out-of-the-way restaurant.  I am not sure what all of the fuss is about and what all five star reviews are based on. There was nothing special about my General Chicken or about the Mongolian Beef that P ordered. The Pot Stickers were good, and I enjoyed the dipping sauce, but nothing really made them stand out from other restaurants. The hot and sour soup, on the other hand, was quite good. The service was excellent and so was the organic fruit they gave us as we were leaving.  A large clear door refrigerator covers one wall, unfortunately it gives the impression that this is a take out spot and this really is  a shame; the small restaurant is lovely  I will eat here again when I find myself in Moraga. There were other diners, mostly older women, enjoying lunch. I suspect that Moraga is not a lunch type town, and perhaps dinner might be a better choice at the Asia Palace  

                I always enjoy this restaurant. Great food and service. The owner always gives customers a bag of fruits and vegetables and other goodies!  

                Can I give it 5 1/2 stars!  One of the biggest surprises I have had in a meal in a long time.  The food was OUTSTANDING and the service was SUPERB!!!   I must admit I went somewhat reluctantly at first.  My fiance found the place on Yelp but it was cold and rainy and I just wanted to go home.  He lured me there by telling me about their highly reviewed hot and sour soup -- it did not disappoint!  Before we ordered a waitress came by and offered us each a hot, delicious sesame ball on the house -- a nice unexpected surprise!  We ordered the Szechwan dinner for two and it was a ton of very yummy food.  The meal started with a large bowl of Hot and Sour soup.  It was very hearty --  full of lots of fresh mushrooms, chicken, whole shirmp, tofu... best hot and sour soup I've ever had.  Seriously considered ordering another large bowl to take home!  After the soup came a delicious salad.  The dressing was really yummy and the salad was topped with a very high quality chicken breast.    We also ordered a sushi roll as the appetizer.  The waitress was very gracious about customizing the roll for us and it was terrific!  The fish was fresh and was prepared exactly as we had asked.  At this point I was stuffed and there was still the whole meal to come!  As we finished up our salad, soup and sushi the waitress brought us piping hot plates of Grilled Pepper beef and Orange chicken and a large order of rice.   I was tempted to ask for some boxes, but it looked and smelled so good I had to have some.  Then, the waitress who had come by with the sesame ball earlier came by and gave us large servings of chow mein on the house!  The chow mein was terrific, but at this point we were totally stuffed.  We asked for some boxes and packaged up the remaining food.  Just then the same waitress came by again with spring rolls on the house!  It was incredible.  We told her we were stuffed and she placed three spring rolls in our to go box!   Then our waitress came by and brought us some extra rice to take home to go with the food we were taking home.... all on the house!  Then, before the bill even came another very nice woman from the restaurant brought us a large brown bag full of fresh produce, asian pears, apples, cucumbers -- all on the house!  We felt a little guilty when they brought us the check which was only about $50 total for the two entrees, the sushi roll, the salad, the soups and all the free goodies.   The check also came with six fortune cookies and some chocolates!  All in all FANTASTIC food and service!  

                Family owned, meaning the WHOLE family works there and it is AMAZING. Feels like you are a part of the family after you spend some time there. Very generous people, always giving their customers more delicious treats than we ask for! Best Asian food in Lamorinda area.  

                not authentic Chinese but wonderful local spot for Americanized Chinese food.  the food is good and they use organic produce.  t  

                Further recommendations are unnecessary. The place is as good as ever. Crowded on Fri and Sat nights, difficult to get a seat.  

                Went to this sketchily-named restaurant because of the great reviews.  It was one of the best dining experiences we've ever had.  The food was great (both sushi and chinese food), but the service was spectacular.  The owner (I assume) brought us free beer, free rice, free sushi rolls, chocolates and a box of fresh fruit.  I felt like a prince.  Amazing food, ridiculously good service, terrible interior.  I call it a winner.  

                Really notable customer service and great food. I don't care if it's not "all" organic. The food is fresh and not laden with salt/MSG. The owner was extremely sweet and his generosity is such that if you're Asian you'll feel as though you're visiting with your grandparents.  Yes, I would definitely return. Chicken and eggplant was great and so was the spicy tuna roll.  

                2nd visit was as good as the first!  This guy does it right! Love the food, the place and the owner is really awesome!  Not glamorous, just great food!  

                A great place for lunch. It beat my expectations. Great soup (hot and sour) and salad they serve with their dishes. Usually the salad in these lunch specials is kind of an afterthought; some random, tasteless leafy greens they garnish the dish with, but not in this case, the salad could stand on its own as a side. Cashew chicken was good, and to top it off, they gave me a bag of fruit before leaving with a few fortune cookies - perhaps this was a one off special where someone in the family was trying to unload some fruit from a tree they had, but it was a nice touch.  

                Fresh food, amazing service.  

                Asia Palace is eccentric. Ordered in delivery and in addition to my order I also received a bonus soup, pot stickers, carrots, romaine lettuce, and cucumbers. The owner is aggressively proud of his organic produce and not the most patient of guys if you are not quick with the ordering. They also have sushi on the menu which I have not tried yet- always scared when someone tries to do something else AND sushi. I like my sushi from sushi restaurant. With that being said, the Chinese food is fresh and very tasty. Recommend the eggplant chicken, beef and broccoli, sweet and sour soup, heck everything we ordered was great. Maybe I have to try sushi after-all.  

                Worst Customer Service in the WORLD!!!  The other day I walked into their restaurant wanting to find out if they have a particular dish in our native language (Chinese). Before I can even finish my question the owner immediately yelled at me saying that he does not have time to do business and he is really busy with customers. The restaurant wasn't even half full. This really irritated me when the next question out of his boorish screaming mouth asked me whether I was customer or salesman!!!  At this point I yelled back that I was a customer with a question, and to forget that I will ever buy a meal here.  BTW the organic part is most likely a fake. Many Chinese owned restaurants pour non-organic or other cheap products into bottles or packaging items behind the counter to pass it off to others in hopes of attracting customers. I wouldn't bne suprised if this hack is doing such a task. When I arrived I saw the sushi chef putting something away as to ensure no one saw what he was doing behind the counter.  

                Good sushi, customer service is awesome! They go the extra mile for their customer. Also they really try to use only organic ingredients in their food. If you're looking for Chinese like your asian mom makes, remember this is Moraga not Chinatown, so go elsewhere.  Their sushi is great for this area, rock n' rolls were actually made with cucumber and avocado! Their Cali rolls are also made with real King Crab and only 5$! Their large rolls are a bit pricey, but this area is affluent to say the least so im not shocked.  A little hidden gem in Moraga!  

                Excellent!  Americanized menu but very tasty. The owner is very active in the dining room and all are made to feel welcome. Very kid friendly. Get there early because it is very popular and not very large. Seems like every party was given some free organic veggies/fruit to take home. Soup, appetizer, 2 entrees, hot tea for $45. I'll be back.  

                Unfortunately my extended family lives in a town where Asian food is scarce...and Asia Palace is the closest thing to Chinese/Japanese food.   I went here last year and again couple days ago, and both times have been memorable...but it wasn't bc of the food.   The Asian man, who I presume is the owner, is quite a character. The first time my family came here, he threw a bunch of candy Airheads on our table and just walked away. Huh...? So random. Then he proceeds to dump all this fruit on our table, telling us to take it home. Nice gesture, but his delivery is off. Both times, we walked out with apples, bananas and oranges.   My most recent trip was pretty hilarious because of the repeated fruit dumping, as well as his showing of reviews his restaurant's received for the use of organic food and products. That's cool...but it doesn't really mean much if the food is mediocre. (I don't want to be mean bc the people here are nice, but when I want sizzling rice soup, orange chicken, scallops in black bean sauce, braised string beans and spicy eggplant, I want just that! I don't know if it was the organic action that made it taste different, but I'm used to LA's way of Asian cooking. Haha it's probably loaded up with MSG and sodium-filled flavoring, but as long as it's yummy in my tummy, COOL!) ;)  I'm really surprised this place has 4 1/2 stars. Really?? Sigh.  Note to those who want to try: Please lower your expectations. It ain't that great. I would choose Panda Express over this. Unless you've never had legit Chinese food before, I guess Asia Palace would suffice.  

                I dined here last night because of all the great Yelp ratings.  I was very excited & hopeful that a great Chinese restaurant was finally discovered in this small town.    first let me say that I don't eat Chinese food here in this area because there aren't any good places.  The best Chinese food is typically found in San Francisco Chinatown, where I dine every weekend while I'm there.    I didn't find Asia Palace especially friendly.  The service was poor.  The food came fast, and the portions were small.  We ordered the Sweet & Sour Cabbage & Ma Po Tofu.  Both dishes were just OK.  Not great.  The food was not hot, but slightly warm.  Not once were we asked if the food was fine.  The nice gesture of leaving with a bag of produce was great, but was the meal worth it?  Not quite!  Not likely to return.  

                This place is the best!!! Great sushi, wonderful service and to top it off super healthy. Eerything is organic!!! The owner is fantastic and everytime you leave they give you organic fruits and veggies to take home. I've held my graduation and 3 birthday dinners at this restaurant that's how much I enjoy eating here. Totally recommend!  

                So fresh and tasty!! The Chinese dishes are nicely balanced, bright and flavorful without being too salty like so many other places. I, too, get a kick out of the free food. On recent visits I have gone home with Chinese broccoli and apples (organic, of course), coconut cookies, and spring rolls tucked in my to go boxes.   I've been in this shopping center dozens of times and didn't even know this restaurant existed until a few weeks ago so you might have to look for it (behind McCalous). The decor is nothing special but the owner just gives the place a good vibe. He loves what he does and seems to really like and appreciate his customers.  

                Delicious, flavorful Chinese with fresh ingredients and good-sized portions. If you eat in or take out, the owners send you home with a box of free, fresh produce (and occasionally some other goodies). That alone is worth returning to Asia Palace rather than hitting up the other Chinese places in Moraga (though they are all good).  

                Who would of thought you could find very good Sushi and CA rolls in Moraga.  Read the reviews from other fans and couldn't agree more. Great place!   My friend had vegetable and Chicken fried rice and I went for the Japanese food.  Tempura shrimp and veg cooked to perfection and a CA roll that tasted like real King crab and not imitation as printed in the menu.  And yes, we got a little amuse bouche before we ordered lunch which consisted of 2 sesame balls with sweet filing and 2 small tempura shrimps and we received a gift bag with organic potatoes, 3 oranges, a dozen fortune cookies, and limes.  How  generous can you be?  

                We're recent peninsula transplants ... loving every minute of the Lamorinda life! And this place, rocks! As the rating bar says, "woohoo, as good as it gets," is an understatement. Kids had the chow mien with nothing extra, we had sushi, Chinese and some beer ... plus, a bounty of stuff to take with as we left! Coming back as often as we can ... thanks!  

                My new favorite restaurant in the world. If only I had known about this place sooner...  I would give 10 stars if I could.  Ambiance = perfect Service = perfect Food = perfect Cleanliness = perfect Price = perfect ORGANIC INGREDIENTS = PERFECT!!  The owner and staff go ABOVE and BEYOND to make sure you are satifsfied and to guarantee you will come back.  

                Fantastic value. They gave us a bag of fresh fruit at the end of the meal. They knew our daughter from previous times she had been there and were incredibly nice to us. Gave us a free desert and beer too. We did not ask for anything. The food was very good.  Hot and sour soup was excellent. We enjoyed the Poke tuna salad, mongolian beef, and orange chicken as well. Will definitely return. We did not try anything from the sushi menu except the Poke tuna salad - since we liked the salad I will try more things from the sushi menu next time.  

                Just had another outstanding - and unique - experience with Asia Palace. Not only do they deliver (within 4 miles), but their food is excellent and our meal-for-two came promptly delivered by the owner himself along with a bundle of free produce - oranges, tomatoes, cucumber, and peppers! Hard to beat this kind of service and quality - whenever I'm in the East Bay, I will remember you, Asia Palace!  

                Asia Palace is part dining, part interactive experience-- akin to opening up a Cracker Jack box and getting not only sustenance, but a prize as well.  True customer service is an art form and the owner is a master at that. He quicky brought over hot organic tea (Japanese genmaicha-- green tea with roasted brown rice, a delightful taste) and a plate of sweet sesame balls (similar to the ones served at dim sum, but less oily).And yes, all gratis.  The owner's love for quality, service, and the customer is palpable. I love supporting local businesses and feel even more justified doing so when the business itself is so intent on satisfying its patrons.  Lunch specials are $8-- your choice of entree, brown or white rice, a bowl of soup. Unlike most other places, Asia Palace doesn't charge you extra for brown rice! The sushi rolls sounded tasty and reasonable (a California roll wtih real crab was around $5); I'm compelled to order it the next time around.  The food is, obviously, "Americanized" Chinese cuisine, but they do Ameri-nese so well. The sweet & sour chicken I ordered was crisp and yes, fresh on the tongue. At most other places, the "glaze" on such dishes quickly becomes watered-down and unappetizing. The glaze on this chicken was a rich, luxe consistency. One of my biggest caveats about Chinese food is that it's almost always too oily and too salty. The food here is NONE of that.  True to all the reviews, you don't leave hungry and you don't leave emptyhanded! My law buddy and I left with Airhead candy, a large bag of Earthbound Farms organic raisins, and honey tangerines.  

                We went in for sushi and chow mien and came out with a box of cauliflower, avocado and Airheads.  The spicy tuna roll was alright. The avocado will be delicious on my omelette tomorrow.  

                I love the food at Asia Palace! Although it is on the expensive side, the food is consistently decent and we always enjoy the free food/fruit/candy that always comes with the meal. The restaurant itself is pretty small and usually cramped, so we take out the majority of the time. Nice people making good food!  

                My family goes to this restaurant every few weeks, starting with a wedding rehearsal dinner a year and a half ago.  We have been coming back ever since!  Always great food week after week and friendly service.  When family comes in from out of town they always want to go here, so it has passed multiple tests in my book...highly recommend!  

                Our first time at Asia Palace was for Mom's birthday and fathers day.  It will not be the last!  The food is great, but there is so much more - the people.  We felt truly welcome, were overwhelmed by service, and the sicerity in the owner's (successful) effort to provide us with a great experience made our day. (Not to mention the complementary brews, deserts and "try this" dishes :)  )  I read a couple of the "less than 5 star" reviews below, and these diners simply don't get it and must be truly sour people.  True that Asia Palace isn't super fancy, but give me great food and people any time. Asia Palace is truly one of those restaurants that should be categorized as a "find".  We will be back this week, and many times in the future.  

                YUMMY!  They are beyond generous. I was with two other people and we basically got a free cantaloupe each. The service is speedy, and they are really kind. The servings were really good, and we were super full after. They use organic everything, and that's always reassuring. We loved the black pepper chicken, broccoli beef (still crunchy!) and hot and spicy eggplant chicken. They gave us airheads as our desserts. It was super satisfying for our Chinese food craving and we are definitely going there again.  

                The best food. Great service. They always give free stuff with your meal. They know how to satisfy customers. A great business in all aspects. I would not go anywhere else for chinese food!  

                Once in awhile, or admittedly, quite frequently, I crave both Kung Pao Chicken and a Rainbow Roll at the same time. But, they're different kinds of food, and I'm not about to go to two different restaurants in one trip to satisfy my cravings.  Asia Palace - this little hidden gem in the little hidden town of Moraga - to the rescue! When my roomies took me to this hybrid Chinese/Japanese restaurant, I have to admit, I was expecting at least the sushi to be just alright. They ordered some spicy tuna rolls, and it tasted better than some of the cheaper sushi joints I've been to! Since I totally miss the famous salted pepper chicken from the now burned-down Royal Mandarin in San Diego, I decided to try their salted pepper fish. It was fantastic! Cod covered in a perfectly crispy batter doused in salt, peppers, and other spices.  This place also sets the bar high for customer service. Very friendly and welcoming staff, frequent visits to refill our drinks and see how we were doing, and an owner who gave us fresh fruit when we left (bananas, mangoes, zucchinis). Their food is also all organic/natural - even the soy sauce!  Best of all, this place is just down the street from home. =P  

                Excellent Chinese food in Moraga. The atmosphere is clean and the food is so fresh. The service is fast and efficient. The wait staff was constantly checking on my party to make sure we were doing ok. They even stopped to chat with us now and then (no it wasn't annoying, but actually very pleasant). They sent us home with a bag of organic produce, packs of gum, and other candies. If you are in Moraga and are in need for some real food, this is the place!  Eat it. Get free stuff. Repeat.  

                I love this restaurant but it is not constant.  One time the food is delicious, another day, the food is flavorless. They must have different chefs and my suggestion is, don't go on Sunday.   Last night we ordered the eggplant chicken and it was over cooked and tasteless.  On our last order to go, they sent the dinner home in a box complete with fresh potatoes, oranges, baklava and assorted candies.   But, they forgot one of the main courses I had ordered and there wasn't enough dinner. The individual entrees were very small. Asia Palace needs to put more effort into the kitchen and hopefully it will be as good as when it first opened.  

                I've never had faster service..I'm used to waiting 10 minutes for my food so I can enjoy a glass of wine, but they put shrimp chow mein on my table right away! so their service was a little too fast..but who cares? The chow mein was great, though like most shrimp chow meins they never put enough shrimp in. They dropped a bag with fresh oranges and fresh spinach, on the table which is great. They forgot to bring me the tea, but I won't cry over spilt beans..the cabernet was fine. I haven't tried the other dishes, but I recommend. And especially if you're in a hurry. There was no waiting around for 1/2 hr, or finger-wagging for me to pay and get out. Great service.  

                We had a lot of fun on our first visit to Asia Palace. The owner and waitstaff were so nice. We had to wait for our table (so nice to see a busy place in quiet Moraga!) and the owner gave us some fresh asian pear-apples to eat. It was unconventional, but we really enjoyed it! Our food was yummy and we received lots of free goodies during our visit!! The only reason why I gave 4 stars instead of 5 was because the sushi roll I ordered had fake crab on top, and I specifically asked about it when ordering and was told it was real crab.  But I will definitely go back again, especially as the vibe is fun and lively there.  

                A pleasant surprise in little Moraga. We heard good things about Asia Palace and weren't disappointed. We had the Moraga Noodles with chicken and the Sczchen pork. Both were very good.. fresh tasting with very tender meat. The sauces were very flavorful without being heavy or oily.The real treat is the focus on organic foods. The waiter(possibly the owner) brought out a box of chicken to show us the organic label. We also left with a bag of produce. The service was friendly and attentive. We really liked the food and feel of this place. We definately would recommend it. We really liked the food and feel of this place and definately recommend it. If it stays consistently good, we will hive it 5 stars.  

                When I don't want to drive too far from home, this is the place to go. Chinese or Japanese food? You'll be covered either way at this good local spot in Moraga. They actually managed to make either dish taste good. My family and I have had everything from their dragon and philly rolls to their soups and lemon chicken that managed to stay crunchy despite the sauce. The owner is usually around and he and his staff really take care of the customers...dining in or take out. The only place I would ever recommend in this town...for now anyway.  

                Fantastic. The quality of the food has not changed in years. The owner is wonderful and will not let you leave empty-handed.  

                Can't decide between Chinese and Japanese? Running low on fruit? Than Aisa Palace should be your go-to restaurant.  The mister got lemon chicken and a California Roll. I got the Lion King roll. The lemon chicken was delicious. Perfectly crispy and not too greasy. But that's about where the goodness ended...  The California roll and the Lion King roll tasted like pesto... which is very, very strange. There were some odd dark-colored bits mixed into the (real!)crab. Basil perhaps? And how did it end up in my sushi?  Maybe the other rolls are better, but we really couldn't get past the Italian flavor.   Midway through our meal our waitress brought over a giant bunch of bananas and a bag of clementines... Okay.. Awesome, but somewhat strange.  

                After reading all these amazing reviews about this restaurant, I wanted to give it a try. My sister and I ate here last night and it was the most wonderful experience that I have ever had from eating at a restaurant before. The owner is so genuine and kind. You don't find many people like him anymore. I would recommend everyone to this place! You will not be disappointed!  Great food with quality ingredients!  Outstanding service!  Genuine people, couldn't ask for more! Completely exceeded my expectations.  

                After stuffing myself with delicious food, I left with a 15 pound bag of free produce and various other goodies. Shortly after we walked out the door, one of the owners comes running out into the parking lot after us to give us more stuff. I don't know how they stay in business when you leave with 4 times more food than you paid for.  

                I give it 4 stars because of the service. The restaurant itself is small and clean.  The food was decent, but still pretty Americanized-Chinese style cuisine. I have not tried their sushi yet, so I cannot comment on that.   The owner is very kind - he walks around the restaurant a lot, and makes sure that everyone is satisfied with their food. If he thinks you like a particular food, he might come out with couple of fruits and/or vegetables (all organic), and offer them to you...for free...as well as random desserts and salads.  I usually order their dinner for 2 and share it with my friend...yes, it is a little bit pricey, but they give you enough to last for 2 more days. Plus, with all the goodies he give you for free, it really is worth the money. =)  

