                Went for the roller derby and found this nearby, so it was a good fit  Had some wine and appetizers which were all good  

                My partner and I had heard good things about "Assemble" and we were not disappointed. Our dinner there was the centerpiece of a lovely evening.  First off, look for the sign to the Assemble parking lot on your left as you drive towards but just before the regular Craneway Pavilion parking area.  We missed it on first pass. Last Sunday night when we went the Craneway Pavilion was hosting a roller derby event so the regular Craneway parking area was completely full. Fortunately, Assemble has a gate person checking who was trying to park so there was plenty of parking in the Assemble lot.  Once parked, we walked to the restaurant and were really pleased with the setting. It was a beautiful location with great views of the bay from patio seating. We waited in line for maybe three minutes as the hostess sat two other parties with a 6 PM reservation and then were seated. This is a nice place to eat in the Bay Area - make a reservation.  The evening weather was warm but we elected to sit inside because it was near sunset and when the full sun is gone, it gets chilly. The interior was big and open with a steam punk feel.  This is what we ate:  FRITO PIE $9 Fritos, pork and beef chili, cheddar and jack cheese, onion, jalapeño and sour cream  BUFFALO CHICKEN WINGS $9 Franks RedHot sauce, butter, chunky blue cheese dressing  PJ'S VEGAN SHEPHERD'S PIE $17 mushrooms, green bean, zucchini and tomato topped with vegan mashed potatoes  ROB'S GROG $11 Myer's Platinum rum, Appleton Estate rum, Orange Curaçao, Allspice Dram, orange juice, grapefruit juice and lime juice  The Frito Pie was my favorite, a perfect combo of crunchy and yummy.  We both loved the chicken wings. After wolfing down half of them we remembered to try the blue cheese dripping sauce and realized we were missing out on half the experience.  Wings and dip were both excellent.   Our wait-person let us know the grog had allspice just in case we did not like that flavor. It was a bit different but we both liked where it took us.  We split the pot pie and ordered it later more as an afterthought because we thought we needed something that felt like a main course.  I'm not usually a fan of pot pie but it was really yummy too.  The wait-staff was on it. I had worked out before going to dinner and sat down thirsty.  Our wait-person was great about keeping my water glass full and then on my request just brought me a picture of water. A different person came by a couple of times to cleared off empty plates.  They achieved that nice balance of being right there when we needed something but not making us feel rushed.    We finished off the evening with a walk on the waterfront.  All in all we had a really nice time.  Definite two thumbs up for Assemble: lovely setting, friendly staff, immediate seating, fast service, good food.  

                Place is in a great spot near the water . There are water views if seated outside.  The building is nice and right next door to the Rosie The Riviter Museum.  My first time eating there today for lunch.  Friendly staff and great location.  I tried a small appetizer of three small pork ribs. It was just ok and felt the dish was a bit too small for the $15 price. My friend had the fish n chips and said it was ok. Need to try again before forming an opinion .....  

                You know those dishes that you daydream about for weeks after you've had them?  Well the chicken pot pie at Assemble at Ford Point in Richmond is one of them for sure!  I agree with everyone who says it's the best chicken pot pie they've ever had -- it is - and I know I'm going to feel that way in a month when I wake up in the middle of the night wanting one!  Great location, easy to get to, plenty of parking, and very cool design.  The husband had the Blue Corn Chilaquiles and an order of Beignets and raved about both.  Right on the water with Oakland and San Francisco views and a really nice outside seating area as well.  Loved it!  

                I've been to Assemble many times when walking along the Richmond Waterfront. It's a nice little restaurant in what used to be the Ford Motor Plant. It has cog wheels and machinery, yet feels cozy and bright.   My guy and I go on walks in the area, so after mile of walking along the beautiful waterfront park ares, we stop and have a beer or cocktail and enjoy the early evening.   They have a nice patio for when it's warm, nice comfy chairs and tables to sit and enjoy the food with a glass of wine and an appetizer. It's great for entertaining, brunching or lunching and enjoying the Bay views.   We like to order the Boiled Peanuts appetizer, sounds funny but they are spicy and salty and soft and so good. Also funny yet so naughtily delicious is the Frito Pie. Yes, an upscale version of a classic junk food appetizer.   They have great cocktails and funny appetizers. A good selection of bottled beer and nice bartenders. Great place to bring friends, go with the family or a date.  

                A chic restaurant with amazing waterfront views... in Pt. Richmond? Wait - what?!  But yes, my friends, you heard me right. Assemble is just as cool as any restaurant you'd find on the other side of the Bay. I'll admit, Richmond isn't exactly the first city that comes to mind when I think fine dining. But keep in mind, the Point Richmond/Marina Bay area is like a little seaside oasis - and far removed from the gang-ridden hood that we usually hear about on the news. Sitting outside on Assemble's patio (which is located next to Craneway Pavilion), you almost feel like you're at the SF Ferry Building or Fort Mason. You're so close to the water, you can almost touch it.   Apparently, Assemble was started by veterans of César and Chez Panisse. Needless to say, these guys know a thing or two about good food. Their menu is an eclectic mix of American classics.   My friends and I sat out on their sunny patio, sipping mimosas, while watching wind surfers ride the waves. It was the perfect setting for a Sunday afternoon. For brunch, we split an order of the ham & cheese croquettes, and then shared a trio of dishes, including the sliders with fries, the spinach salad with bacon, and the mac & cheese. The spinach salad was a true carnivore's delight. Normally when you get a spinach salad, they just sprinkle in a few specs of bacon. But Assemble's version was practically overflowing with crispy bacon bits (not that I'm complaining). And for less than $10, it was a real bargain! I stole a few bites of my friend's mac & cheese. It was certainly tasty (a nice melange of gooey white cheddar cheese, pasta, and toasted bread crumbs). No complaints with this dish at all. I didn't get a chance to try the sliders because my friend pretty much wolfed them down (selfish bastard!). But I did sneak a few of his fries when he wasn't looking.  Our server was super friendly and attentive. She checked in with us more than once to make sure we were satisfied with our meal and that our drinks were full.  All in all, Assemble is one of my favorite restaurant discoveries of the year. I'm looking forward to returning soon. Hope you all have the chance to try it out for yourselves the next time you find yourself in the East Bay.  ** Interesting fact - Assemble has its own organic garden (aka the Victory Garden) which supplies fresh herbs, greens and other vegetables to the restaurant's kitchen. So diners will be rewarded with a veritable garden-to-table experience.  

                Decided on this restaurant because it was close to where we were, on the water, and had a full bar.    Pros:  Food was really good.  The chicken pot pie was delicious, the Fritos dish was flavorful and fun, the macaroni and cheese was nice and light and had really good flavors and the apple crisp was delicious, though we all ran out of gelato too quickly!  Location was really lovely, right on the Richmond waterfront and the restaurant itself is very historic and beautiful.  Cons:  The service was slow and not very attentive.  There were no signs on the street for the restaurant (that we saw) and so we weren't sure if we were in the right place.  Though the decor in the restaurant was really nice, I was actually disappointed in the bathroom... surely they could spruce them up with some historical pictures or maybe Ford Company posters.   We were seated outside, which was fine... but they really need to invest in some outdoor heaters because once the sun went down, it got really chilly!  And the prices were a little ridiculously high... $20 for a chicken pot pie?  That's a bit steep!  Cocktails were just okay, they had a nice variety of interesting ones, but they weren't strong at all.  

                This is a great place to have lunch with friends and family. It's such a conversation piece to begin with. Sooooo much history here and the surrounding area.   We had the best time. We ended up ordering off the appetizer menu so we could sample a little of everything.  We ordered the fries which was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. We all had the wings and the ribs which reminded me of the Korean bbq.  Very tasty. We also ordered the combo platter that had a variety of cheese, sausage, and pretzel.  We ordered their fresh lemonade!! Wowza!  Sooooo refreshing.  Now...the dessert!  Pumpkin cake and key lime pie!! YUMMY!!!  We had great service. It's a beautiful Sunday afternoon and the place is hopping. We had no reservation and they squeezed us right in. We catching up with family so we were there a while. Great service!!  This place is located in the old Ford Motor Company plant.  It's right off the water. They've got shopping on the other area. National Park close by. Great area for a walk, run, or bike!!    Oooooh! There's outside patio area.  Great area for drinks and chat.  The one downside:  Kind of a hard place to find.  We actually drove past it. We drove to the front of it and parked in the front parking lot.  Beautiful view there. We chatted with locals who told us we had to drive to the gate!!  Lol.  So you drive into the gate and there's security to take down your license plate ask where you're going. Lol.  They were helpful and nice. Well worth the drive. A hidden gem.  I read people complaining about portions and prices. I agree. They're right. However, rent on prime real estate is high.  Paying a little higher prices for a spectacular view and great conversations...PRICELESS!!  

                I've been here several times and keep coming back because the food is excellent.  Consistently delicious!  The chicken pot pie is phenomal with a crust you'll be sure to remember. The bartender, Tony, makes good drinks.   Be sure to go early, because they close at 8pm!  

                Completely connected with this place. Great industrial space, great brunch menu. The $8 housemade pop tarts were pricey but you gotta get them. Nice bloody marys and the entrees were fresh and flavorful. You gotta wanna get there. It's at Ford Point with all of it's remoteness but completely worth the trip. Turn right past the guard shack at the end of the building and turn right to park close to the front door.  

                This place is absolutely fabulous.  I cannot express with words how wonderful it is. Every single thing I have ever ordered here has been delightful and delicious.  Even the things others have ordered that i thought I would not enjoy were just amazing. It's a great place for friends, families, dates, and coworkers.  This is my favorite spot for date night,  I can dress up, or down and feel equally at ease. They'll split orders here no problem. I could just go on, and on. Don't forget to take a stroll along the waterfront, while walking off the gaze of euphoria you will be in after your meal. Assemble people!  Assemble.  

                The service and atmosphere was top-notch.  We asked our server what dishes would be good for someone who is plant-based and they pointed us to a great salad made with kale from their own "Victory Garden."  I'd love it if they added more veggie options, but the salad was at least tasty.  Coffee was also great.  They had a nice side dish of Romanesco, but it was smothered in butter.  So I should have been a bit more specific about vegan food prep.  

                Great Location, really good food and lots of sunshine. Easy parking too. Best way to spend an afternoon!  

                Had a great lunch here a few weeks ago, great service, good food... but last evening my guest and i went there and had dinner.   We both had Tri-Tip and split a Kale salad and a bottle of white wine.. We both had the runs during the night and next morning...  .  

                I decided to come here for lunch with my bf and family this weekend, we had been there before when it was the Boiler Room and I remembered liking it then. However I would not recommend coming here with high expectations. The location is beautiful although a bit hard to find without a GPS, and there's also a museum across that features Rosie the Riveter, but that's about it.   So we were greeted by our waiter named Angelo who was pretty monotone compared to the rest of the employees, but I guess he did a good job preparing us for what was going to be an overpriced and mediocre new restaurant experience and he set the tone for a last supper type feel.     I started off with a bloody mary...which was very bloody and didn't have much mary:( I'm definitely a light weight when it comes to alcohol and I'm pretty sure there was little to no alcohol in there whatsoever. It tasted like a chunky tomato soup for the most part. I guess the "fancy" garnish justifies the $10? My bf and I ended up ordering the frito pie which was pretty overrated. I got the fish and chips which was pretty tasteless and greasy. My bf ended up ordering the pot pie which was probably the best thing we ordered but definitely not worth $20. And to top it off we had asked our waiter if it had any onions in it because he's allergic. He said no with such certainty that we figured we could trust his answer, especially since that should be his job to know that kind of stuff, and if not the least he could do is ask the chef. But low and behold, we discovered there were  huge pearl onions in the pot pie as we were eating it. I ended up bringing it up to our waiter's attention and his response was basically an empty apology. We finished with the beignets  which I'm not sure can even be called that. They were more like week old doughnuts to be exact.   I don't plan on returning here other than for the museum next door and maybe for a walk along the waterfront, but if I do go back I will definitely order a beer and skip on the food. There are much better food options just a few miles away.  

                I went here last night for dinner and it was fantastic. The service was great and we say outside. The night was perfect too to sit outside. The outdoor seating has two sweater couches and chairs set up as well as community tables.  They are dog friendly and brought out water for my dog. I ordered the chilled tomato and watermelon soup which was fantastic. I am always worried about watermelon getting lost in the flavor profile, but it didn't you could taste it and it was so well balanced and not acidic. The three croutons were also a nice peppery touch of texture. Then I orders the 1lb of steamed mussels and was very pleased as well. The mussels were in a light buttery cream sauce which was perfect with the rustic grilled bread for dipping. I couldn't get enough of the sauce. Our waitress was great and I'll definitely be back here soon especially on these gorgeous nights!  

                We had the clams and muscles which were very good but a bit spicy. Then we ordered the chicken pot pie which was not that good. Very spicy for being a pot pie.   I ordered the sliders which were very buttery or greasy and it came with a cold mushroom salad which was just okay. The fries were lukewarm. We had brunch at 11:30am.   Not recommended but view is nice.  On the pricy side.  

                Good America cuisine with nice twists, great staff, great location, $$$ on some items, but worth it. Turns out they are same owner as Cesar in Oakland. Good pedigree. Menu is great. Many choices, and we'll go back for a taste of everything. But the event space facing the water is something else. Go to Rosie the Riveter museum and make a half day if it.  

                Love Love Love this place! Right on the water, out door seating available, food is really good and the staff is excellent. Great 5 star service very classy establishment. Drinks are fabulous and the desserts. My local classy go to spot. Because we all know in Richmond there are not alot of classy places or good bistro style food. Lol  

                Such a friendly and attentive staff, cool WWII throwback ambiance, small patio with a decent view (and heaters!), the drink I had (tequila spritzer) on both visits this week was very well-made and the drinks I saw being delivered to people around me looked on point. But let me get to the good stuff- I came back twice in three days because the turkey burger with goat cheese was phenomenal. Just absolutely phenomenal. The patty was perfectly moist, the jalapeños gave the burger just the right kick, and the goat cheese- glory hallelujah, the goat cheese- it added the perfect creaminess to the dish and the herbs in the cheese were just right. I can't  quite remember what the greens were but they added a slight bite and freshness to the burger. The whole whole thing just came together beautifully. Can't wait to explore the rest of the menu... if I can ever tear myself from this burger.  Mmmm... I want another one already. ;)  

                A precious hidden gem!  The food is delicious and the portions are generous!  I highly reccomend the poboy and mac and cheese.  The views are also breathtaking and the ambiance in the restaurant is relaxing and modern.   I want to try their brunch soon as well!  

                Assemble is the definition of a destination spot. Tucked away next to the Rosie the Riveter WWII museum and adjacent to the old Ford Motors factory, Assemble (get it, Assemble, factory) is cavernous with huge windows and a factory type of feel.   We opted to skip the factory feel and sat outside, which is lovely on a sunny day. The view of the water is expansive. The service is fantastic, friendly and attentive.   The food, on the other hand, is pretty mediocre. My cobb salad was fine, as was the sloppy joe, but nothing overly impressive.   I will come back to soak up the beautiful views and have a drink, but will probably skip the food.  

                Still quite good food and great location.  My only complaint is the security guard at the gate who stops and questions all entering vehicles. It's fine to have a security guard there but stopping and questioning all cars is a bit gestapo-ish.  

                Hard place to find, yet it's a beautiful place on the water. Nice service, waiter was doing a million things but was a very nice guy.  Other than that here's the low down Frito Pie was great but over priced  Piña Colada, which I order once in a blue moon was was too strong How do you not carry ranch? Tri Tip Sandwhich was okay at best Fish and Chips were claimed as worlds best but way too bland. The misses enjoyed the mudslide cake and I thought pear crumble was okay at best  I just wasn't impressed with the food and menu and really over priced. Service was friendly and great but that's it!  

                Cool place right on the water awesome decor. Kinda hard to find tho. Service was really good food came out super fast! Frito pie was amazing! Gf got the sliders and they were great.   Cons= we came when there was some kind of convention going on next door so the place was packed. Our waiter was good but we felt pretty rushed. Fish n chips were disappointing. And i love my fish n chips. Batter was some what soggy. Only 2 beers on tap no biggy tho.   Pros= real nice view! Food came fast! Nice staff. And one cool neat thing is they have mexican bottled coke! Everyone knows that taste better.   All in all i will definitly be back to give this place another shot when its not to busy. 3 starts is still good. Excited to come back when theres not a convention next door lol  

                Be aware this is NOT a scenic view restaurant. Most of its windows look out onto the back parking lot; three look east over the marina, towards the EBay hills. Go thru the guard station, park at the very back. Do NOT park in spaces closest to the main bldg; those are for the various small businesses that rent office space in what was the Ford Motor plant. Park in the spaces to your left as you face the Rosie the Riveter museum; walk a few steps towards the Bay to find Assemble restaurant, just across from it.  Brisk lunchtime service; not hurrying you out but many people drive here for office lunches so they know diners have to get back to work. Comfort food menu not well described; there was unexpected chile heat in the good-sized chicken pot pie. I liked it, but don't assume your 8-yr old will. Frozen veggies used inside, but good quality.  Cajun meatloaf plate with salsa was very mild chiles, again the reverse of what we expected. Serving size was modest but very tasty.  Fried calamari very well executed, not overcooked and batter coating didn't fall off when you dipped them. Key lime pie was half-mousse, half-cheesecake. Tasty but doubt it was housemade, more like a good quality commercial dessert. Coffee below average, meant for cream and sugar.  The Rosie museum is wonderful, highly recommended (and free!). A lovely way to spend an hour or two (they have many activities, including music from the period). Assemble is just good enough to be worth stopping in to eat a solid, if not exceptional, meal.  

                I have dined here several times and have had a good experience each time. I recommend the pot pie if you are very hungry. The salads are also quite good.  The location is a bit confusing. If parking, enter from Harbor Way into the Ford Building guard station. You can usually just drive past the guard and wave without a problem. Turn right and drive to the end of the lot near the restaurant.  You can also park at the end of Marina Way and walk about one block on the bay trail.  

                So I was vegetarian for a few years, and when I went back to eating meat I just didn't like hamburgers anymore. Eating at Assemble was the first place in which I actually thought the hamburger I was eating was delicious. I got the sliders and would highly recommend! The salad they came with (mushroom with grapes and balsamic vinegar) was amazing as well.  

                Well, well, well, isn't this cute.  This is quite a hidden gem (literally) this restaurant is located behind the Craneway Pavilion.  As I entered I see Mad Men on the screen, and  the smooth, golden voice of Frank Sinatra was wafting all around.  I had Aseemble bookmarked for quite some time, and with a little time to kill it was my opportunity to partake.  I took a seat at the bar, and the friendly bartender served up "The Paloma"; a cocktail with St. Germaine, grapefruit juice, other things I can't remember, and a salted rim.  It was tasty and refreshing.  To nosh on I decided on the homemade BBQ chips with onion dip.  The chips had  the perfect balance of crispness and spice, and the carmelized onions in the dip had a great flavor without being overpowering.  Brunch is served on Saturday and Sunday, and the menu looked fantastic.  I can't wait to go back and try an entree or brunch.  

                What a great find!  The best part of this cafe, and really what sets it apart from any other pretty good Bay Area brunch spot, is the physical space itself. Beautiful view, lovely windows and tons of light, awesome open interior with all the fixings of the old "boiler room."  The food was good. Philly cheesesteak and cappuccino. Pot pies looked great. A little pricey for what it is but worth it for the ambience. Definitely worth checking it out!  

                This is my spot pure and simple. I go here about once a week. They introduced a trout with scrambled eggs. Delicious! Pumpkin ginger cake with gelato was fantastic! Definitely my secret gem here in the Richmond Marina. You will feel odd driving to it. But it's there all the way in the back with a beautiful view outside, if you choose to go for a walk after your dinner.  

                Assemble has a great location, a friendly attentive staff, and great food. And the prices are reasonable.   I visit about once or twice a month, and it's always a nice experience.   Today, I took a friend from out of the area, and he really enjoyed his meal, the decor, and the location. So it was a hit for a guest too.  I've had about 1/2 the items on the menu so far, and everything has been great. No, not all at once. The menu has a good selection of items, the dishes are tasty, and the presentation is attractive. The portions are generous. All my guests have been pleased, and commented on the food positively.   Today I had the Chinese Chicken Salad, and it was just right.   The location is awesome. Right at the end of the Ford Assembly Plant on San Francisco Bay. You can take a nice walk along the waterfront before and after your meal and view the water, sailboats, ships and the beautiful Bay Trail. Or stop by the Rose the Riveter museum next door if you have out of town guests.  It's nice to experience the bay without throngs of tourists and traffic. Very peaceful.  The staff  handles a sometimes very busy lunch hour with grace. The whole place can fill up and empty out between 11:45 and 1:30. That's a lot of folks to get seated, served, check out and on their way.  I've learned to always call ahead and get a reservation. That way I know I'll get a table and they'll advise me if it's going to be busy or not. They do have private parties occasionally. Or there might be a big event at the venue next door. Sometimes I want to be there when it's NOT crazy busy and just chill. Sometimes it's fun to be part of the crowd.  

                Great ambiance and view. Love that they give you a pass to mountain hardwear. My mushroom pot pie was too salty but otherwise good. Salad was delicious.  

                So sad to have to do this... I've tried to love this place. A steam punk type look, the food just ok. I've had a lot of there menu eating here several times.  Pumped it up to my friends and always just ok. Went for dinner Sat night at 8:00 and was closed. Tried again Sunday morning (both times with a party of 4) and was denied again saying the wait would be 1:30!!! And the place wasn't even half full.  As other posts have stated... The Whole do you have reservation thing has got to go! You're special is a Pot Pie. In the 10 mins we waited in line you turned away 11 people... The best suggestion I have for this location is to get your favorite Sandwich and sit on the benches located outside!!! Great view and 1/4 of the price!  Sorry assemble I really tried!!!  

                Magnificent! Spectacular! Before this visit I had never had a chicken pot pie. All those previous horrible frozen things are impostors.  

                They definitely changed owners within the past couple of years. Went for lunch with my sis and the food was very good. Service was great. Great views. Can't recall the dishes we had since I waited too long to review.  

                I was invited to Assemble for a business lunch and thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  The location is very cool, tucked away in an old factory off the beaten path.   The calamari was perfectly done.  I had the chicken pot pie, which was very nice.    Our server was great--warm and engaging.  There is ample parking but I I had to walk quite a ways from my parking spot to the restaurant.   I will definitely go back soon.  

                I've been twice now, most recently for a 11:30 Sunday brunch.  There ought to be a good restaurant in this lovely, recently reclaimed post-industrial waterfront space.  The menu, provisioning, and bar seem up to the task but we've encountered so many problems in execution that we wonder who is running the place.  At brunch we ordered some pretty good sliders but these were accompanied by garlic fries that came in a puddle of oil.  If we didn't like greasy food we wouldn't have ordered fries, but you simply do not serve something like this if you are paying attention.  The bun on the tri-tip sandwich was chewy and old and the chili adorning the "Frito pie" was barely at room temperature.  These are all serious miscues, but the chef should never have plated and our server certainly should never have brought burnt lemon cornmeal pancakes to our table.  On a trip to the restroom I noticed others were eating pancakes without blackened surfaces, so I guess we were the unlucky ones.  My Cobb salad was okay, but I note this is ordinarily not served as a salad composee and would have been better with less than half the blue cheese.    So here's my take: the menu is well-conceived, the space is beautiful and the people seem nice enough.  But there are glaring issues of training and management that need to be addressed if this place is to remain viable.  

                A great restaurant. I had the chinese chicken salad for dinner tonight ($16). It was a good blend of greens, shredded chicken, sweetness in the grapes and spicy (i think was horseradish). I also enjoyed the Sea Breeze cocktail: it was a little bit too sour for me (not a big fan of grapefruit). I really liked its industrial feel/look of the inside and if you sit outside you have a nice view of the Bay and can go for a walk on the Bay Trail after.  

                Gumbo was schmackin! That's slang for "really really good!"  I had the gumbo, which was a whooping 20 bucks. Not worth the money, def didn't get the bang for the buck, BUT it was good. Hm, perhaps that was confusing.  The gumbo was good, but not worth 20 dollars. It had a mix of seafoods, sausage, veggies, over rice. It takes long to come out, around 20 - 25 minutes. Service is super friendly though, and the atmosphere is very upbeat. Prices are a litttle out of the ball park, and it's super windy outside! Bring a jacket. Overall, t'was A-OK.  

                A great restaurant. I had the chinese chicken salad for dinner tonight ($16). It was a good blend of greens, shredded chicken, sweetness in the grapes and spicy (i think was horseradish). I also enjoyed the Sea Breeze cocktail: it was a little bit too sour for me (not a big fan of grapefruit). I really liked its industrial feel/look of the inside and if you sit outside you have a nice view of the Bay and can go for a walk on the Bay Trail after.  

                It's delicious but they have changed some menu items and it's spicer , but I will give it a try  

                The setting since Boiler House has definitely changed and it now looks like a restaurant more than an industrial warehouse. I love this place since its such a hidden gem and the view is off the bay which is amazing.  I had the chicken pot pie when i cam here and it was delicious. The service was good and the energy was lively.   You cant beat that view!!  

                Ok, I admit: I walked in and I knew the bartender. I sat at the bar, solo, and had good attentive service. Julia Child cooking potatoes on the TV, and great Glenn Miller on the stereo.   What a cool space, even if I parked in the wrong parking lot and was forced to enjoy the landscape around me as I searched out Assemble. It's a really amazing space.   I had one of the messiest and best club sandwiches ever. Messy because it had a fried egg on it. Mmmmmmmm!!!!  Mama Lil' Pils on tap - so good I had two.   American comfort food. I look forward to a second visit !  

                Really not impressed.  The food is mediocre, heavy portioned, and salty.  The service is so-so.  No one should ever ask you, "Did you not like it?" if you didn't finish your meal.  Maybe it was too much food or maybe it was gross.  Either way, you don't ask that question if you want a tip.  The view is impressive but getting to the entrance is cumbersome if you aren't familiar with the area.  I bet it's really nice in the summer - hopefully the seasonal menu is too.  Drinks are not too bad, but that would be the only reason I'd come back.  Also, not sure why you need a reservation.  When I went there, no one was even there to greet you or recall what your reservation was.  And it was dead inside....  

                Great venue, great Bloody Mary, average food. Be sure to check out the Rosie the Riveter museum next door.  

                Amazing!! Had lunch here today with my husband and fam and we ordered the Cesar salad and sliders with fries. It was so delicious and the portion was pretty substantial. Ambiance was very cool and had the industrial type feel with an awesome view of the bay. This place is awesome! I'm pretty surprised at the 3.5 stars. I loved it!  

                Yes, yes, and yes! I think that the old ford motor plant found a restaurant that can match its level of sexiness!  Our office decided to check out the Rosie the Riveter Historical Museum which is a must see. After our tour we decided to grab lunch right next door at Assemble.  Our group unanimously agreed to order the Frito Pie. Boy was I happy we did. It proved to be the highlight of the meal. Having grown up in a frito loving family I couldn't stop thinking 'why didn't I think of this'! Clearly our family needs to step up its frito game. Crema agria and salsa will no longer cut it!  For my main dish I had the sliders and they were very delicious! The fries on the other hand left much to be desired.   Our server was very attentive and the food was great. I cannot wait to go back and try brunch!  

                Terrible service.  The staff was overloaded and took ages to even come to our table and at least an hour to bring good we ordered.   The food was standard greasy American fare with nothing original or memorable.  The building and location are pretty interesting- a former World War II factory.  

                Assemble is disappointing.  My partner and I went there for brunch a few weekends ago.  The location is unique - in a historic WW2 era building, maintain as a historical landmark and with a really beautiful view.  So Assemble has a lot going for it given these external factors.  We had a vegetarian in the party, and there wasn't much in the way of meet free options.  I asked the waitress if I could order a vegetable omelette.  This was a no go, since it wasn't on the menu.  Really?  An omelette is hardly an exotic request to ask a brunch venue to prepare.  It was silly, because it would have been a request easy to accommodate.  In place, I ordered the "hussarde", which is their take on an eggs Benedict and asked them to exclude the bacon.  It was served nearly ice cold and was inedible.  My partner ordered the pot pie, which was actually excellent, which was the only reason I didn't rate this restaurant with a single star.  I think the view makes this a nice spot for a quick drink - but would otherwise avoid this place for one of their over priced meals.  

                Very enjoyable brunch at assemble.  Bloody Mary was well made, spicy and full of veggies.    I know it is simple, but the frito chili in a bag was well presented and tasted great.  I will get that again.  Boiled peanuts were great as well.    Tuna sandwich, grilled cheese and mini burgers were all well liked.  Fries received good reviews.  So you have a restaurant with a great location and a fun menu.  The food sounds simple, but it is presented well and very tasty.  I recommend a stop.  

                I've dined here on 2 occasions, and enjoyed the drinks and food, but the lack of attentive service is Assemble's biggest downside.   We ordered a triple decker, roast beef sandwich, and a BBQ chips appetizer   for lunch with a Bloody Mary.  The triple decker was good and the coleslaw was reallllly good. It wasn't heavy mayo-sloppy coleslaw, it was more like coleslaw salad with balsamic vinegar.  The chips were good, they came with an onion dipping sauce.  Bloody Mary wasn't as good as the first time I went.  

                What a great time we had! Food was delicious and we loved the Rosie the Riveter ambience!! Great wine and loved the Hitchcock movie in background. I had trout which was really yummy and he had tri-tip: perfect! Once you find this place, you'll love it!!  

                You can sit outside and watch the bay and get awesome food and drinks. The staff was really friendly and accommodating.  

                So, a week after opening, the girlfriend & I strolled over to Assemble for lunch on a Saturday. The verdict, so far? They're working out a few kinks, but I feel confident they'll get it all sorted out.  Confident because of how actively management, who were constantly circulating amongst guests, was seeking to make sure everything was right & how enthusiastic the entire service staff was.  For food, I ordered a Muffuletta with potato salad & the girlfriend ordered the Classic Burger medium rare with fries + a cup of New England-style Clam Chowder. To wash it down, I got coffee & the girlfriend got a Mimosa.  Our orders didn't take too long. The Clam Chowder came 1st & I tried some. It was positively delicious & not what I expected. Instead of a thick, white, creamy broth, it was thinner, flavorfully seasoned & had corn. Different, but still positively delicious.  Next came our sandwiches. My Muffuletta was like a wedge cut out of a jumbo party sub. It was good, but maybe could've been fresher. The potato salad on the side was excellent & also flavorfully seasoned like the Clam Chowder.  The girlfriend's Classic Burger was interesting. To me, a burger is the litmus test of a casual dining menu. I had a few bites. Ordered medium rare, it was overdone but still quite tasty nonetheless.  The keys were freshness, quality &, again, seasoning. All the veggies on the burger were crispy fresh. The beef patty was obviously a good quality beef & it was possibly the best seasoned beef patty I've had on a burger. It was just overdone.  When our server asked how everything was, we mentioned the doneness of the burger. Management came over & immediately offered a replacement. Because the burger had been pretty good & we had already eaten 1/2 of it, we said it was OK.  So we were offered a complimentary dessert instead. Well alright, neither of us could say no to that. We got the Banana Cream Pie & it was absolutely dreamy. It also went really well with the coffee, which was also excellent.  Only 1 week after opening, lunch at Assemble had a hiccup or 2 . But with good quality ingredients, enthusiastic service & an emphasis on flavorful seasoning across the menu, I feel confident Assemble will find its groove.  Now I'm looking forward to trying dinner...  

                A little hard to find but great spot for brunch. If you don't have a reservation, get there early, the line forms early. Friendly staff, delicious food, nice open space.  

                Great place - good to have a restaurant along the bay trail. However - given its' proximity to the petroleum coke collection and shipping terminals I don't think I will eat here very often. I am baffled as to why the city of Richmond would issue permits for a restaurant so close to the source of very toxic airborne dust. Again - great food, great service, just in scary place.  

                Went to Assemble for brunch.    First visit:  group of 2.  We didn't have a reservation but we were seated fairly quickly inside.    My best friend ordered the Eggs Hussard.  She loved it and enjoyed the little melon salad that came on the side.  I had the Cobb salad.  I should note that I'm a bit picky about cobb salads; I hate it when it the greens come covered in gobs of bad blue cheese dressing.  I was not disappointed with Assemble's take on the salad.  The greens were dressed in a simple salad dressing.  There were stripes of amazing tomatoes, blue cheese chunks, bacon, chicken, hard boiled eggs, and avocado.  I ate the whole salad and I was stuffed; and HAPPY.    Second visit: Made reservations through Open Table.  Again seated quickly and did note that there seemed to be at least a few tables open.    Boyfriend had the Hangtown Fry.  The oysters were breaded which I haven't seen before with this dish but it wasn't a bad thing at all.  I got one taste and that was it.  The dish was devoured by boyfriend who informed me later that we WILL be coming back for dinner.    Best friend #1 ordered the beignets and French Toast.  Ok carb overload but so what.    Both dishes got thumbs up.  Seriously, she stopped talking so she could enjoy the yummy food before her.  Best friend #2 ordered the Eggs Hussard.  Consistent presentation of food from my last visit which I take as a good sign.  She enjoyed her dish a lot.    I ordered...the Cobb salad.  I have a rule to try a dish at least a couple of times before really deciding if its worth going to restaurant for.  I wasn't disappointed.  This time, yellow tomatoes which are a little sweeter than the red tomatoes.  Regardless, the salad was filling and delicious.  We shared the boiled peanuts.  This is a favorite from spending time in the south US and in Hawaii so I'm happy to see this dish making a showing here in CA.  I completely enjoyed this little treat and would likely order it with a beer or two the next time.  Cocktails included a Pimms cup for me and Bloody Mary's for two others at the table.  The bloody mary's looked delicious but I just can't do tomato juice.  One sip and I was done.  But the two who ordered them both said they were really good.  The Pimms cup was tasty and was refreshing.  OTHER NOTES: Don't know what the dinner crowd here is like but I would suggest that if you are coming with a group of 4 or more, definitely make reservations through Open Table.  You might have to wait a little bit if you don't have them.  Service was pretty good both times.  We loved Joseph who was our waiter this last Sunday.  He was charming and made sure to check in with us throughout our time there.    Visit #3 is already being planned I'm told.   :)  

                We went for a dinner date night, which is rare with a new baby. Levi was our bartender and server. to keep it short and sweet, he made the experience amazing! He whipped up a specialty drink with fresh muddled blueberries, vodka, and fresh squeezed grapefruit juice amongst other things, it was delicious. We had the clams and mussel appetizer which, was delicious, although I would have love a larger portion. He allowed up to try the peanut, which had great flavor. I had the trout and my boyfriend had the sliders, both were to die for. Very well prepared and the flavor profile on each was unbelievable. I later had the El Diablo cocktail, which again with fresh ingredients was delish! We ended the night with Key Lime Pie.....I have had many Key Lime Pies in my life and it is the one desert that truly enjoy whenever I can. This was hands down the best Key Lime Pie I have ever had.  I ended up pulling the manager over to compliment him on the experience and he shared information about the history of the restaurant, the chefs, and the pastry chef. All around a great night.  Food, Service, Ambiance -  All five stars!  Thanks Assemble!  

                I love everything about this place!  I love that I can eat somewhere trendy without leaving Richmond, I love the food, I love the drinks, I love the decor and I love the service!!  Try it!!!  

                I LOVE lunch here!  Always come when Im geeking out with Bots over at Eksobionics.  The menu is eclectic american meets cali - fresh food meets brewery meets open floor plan meets pub meets outdoors meets MY HUNGER NEEDS!  The home made potato chips are the BOMB!  Triple decker is enough for sharing (not sure you want to)... Food is fresh, staff is cool, ambiance is so relaxed... Why not?  

                Not sure about the low reviews. It's one of the few real gems Richmond has to offer. Great location, food, and service.  

                Absolutely delicious! A must. Also a fantastic waterfront location.  I ordered the Frito Pie and Eggs Hussarde with extra sauces. The eggs were done exceptionally, the dual sauces work wonderfully together. The side of watermelon had mint, a very light amount of simple syrup, and lemon juice: YUMMY! I can't wait to return.  

                I never imagined we'd find this place for a work lunch in Richmond. It's right on the water, so it has great views with a relaxing breeze on your walk in, and it's located behind the Ford Assembly Plant. The space is really cool and modern with very high ceilings, and the music is relatively old school (Sinatra and the like).   Everything we had was delicious: tart, freshly squeezed lemonade, fish and chips that weren't too greasy, tuna melt on an English muffin w/ jalapeño jack cheese, pecan-coconut cake, and my favorite- the seasonal stone fruit crisp with vanilla bean gelato. I'd go back if I was in the area!  

                Time: 12:08pm  Purpose: Visiting a family member nearby Point Richmond area.   Ambiance: High ceilings with touch up of the past let's say the late 30's-40's era. This use to be the Ford assembly plant and now I'm wondering about the restaurant name that follows it hint (Assemble).  Staff: I just dealt with one waiter through out my stay so I can't comment on others. My waiter was friendly open to questions that customers ask and answer them accordingly. He sounded very experience by telling me what pairs up with what.  Cleanliness: Some crumbs,oil stains on tables and floor. Not a big deal table turns over fast and set up with 2 min.  Eats: I wanted to do brunch but figure it was too late for me as I know I had other places to go afterwards. I just had the Cobb salad at $13 and a glass of OJ. All I can say is I never had a Cobb salad like this one done here. The chicken chunks are tender enough very fresh I think it can pass for Mary's or Petaluma rocky Jr this is the best type of chicken use. Strands peels off easily the dressing was so-so but not holding them to it.   Products: Known for their French toast but didn't get a shot at it as I was no mood for it. Here they serve all the usual food that others alike. Breakfast,lunch,brunch and dinner also dessert gathering if you're in just for that.  Expectations: Its an huge warehouse type of environment home to Ford assembly plant. Once you walk in the bar is located on the right so how bout a drink or so first? Nice sweeping view of the marina and the bay itself. Plenty of parking spaces and you can ride your bike as its bike friendly. I've seen people walking on the trail path that leads you to Assemble. First you would think its a huge huge place but not like that as other parts of warehouse are lease over to other vendors and event gatherings.   Final Thoughts: I like it next time I will bring my bike and explore this side of the bay more often. The place may be hard for some to find as it's nestle in a corner like. Add some signs nearby and surrounding area to to point out that Assemble is nearby and you can see more foot traffic. Seen people running up from railtracks saying where is the place hops back in car driving around lookin for it. Will return for brunch next time and see what's exciting.  

                My wife wanted to try today, especially Mac & Cheese, so made Open Table reservation and drove there.  Bit difficult to locate and when we got there quite a line but no one covering the line?  After a long wait in line without attention turns out kitchen issue and only doing drinks and salads?  Nothing posted anywhere about this nor any one communicating this either such as a Manager?  Might be back but from a Customer Service perspective barely 1 star!  

                Alan and I met here for lunch today after my exercise class.  He arrived before I did and had been looking over the menu, which has changed since we were last here a few months ago.  He was torn between the fish and chips and the sliders, both of which he's had and liked.  As soon as my eye fell on the crab Louie ($23) I was sold and that was what I ordered.  He decided on the fish and chips.  I ordered iced tea to drink and he ordered coffee.  The Louie arrived in a heavy wooden bowl maybe 8 or 10 inches across.  It was piled high w/ lettuce, avocado, lightly steamed green beans, vertically sliced pear tomatoes, a quartered semi-hardboiled egg and of course plenty of fresh, sweet lumps and pieces of crab.  It was dressed w/ a little bit of Louie dressing on a foundation of vinaigrette.  It was one of the best I've tasted in years of tasting crab Louies.  I loved the dressing.  I loved all the ingredients.  Alan was less pleased w/ his fish and chips.  He found the batter too thick, much thicker than it had been the first time.  He told our server, who whisked it away, and decided to have a crab Louie instead.  His arrived in a few minutes and was, if possible, even larger than mine. He was equally pleased w/ it.  Our tea and coffee were refilled and we were wished Happy Holidays by multiple staff members as we left.  I think I've found my new favorite place for a crab Louie.  

                Very nice. Great view. Ashid (sp?), the maitre 'd, was wonderful. One of the nicest men I've met. They get a 4 because somebody in the kitchen decided that since they were extremely busy and the chef wasn't there that day, that it would be ok to cut corners on the mac 'n cheese. It wasn't. We complained and were assured that when we came back, it would be excellent, or free. I'll keep you posted on what happens. :-)  

                Amazing food and drinks here. We are big fans. They have comfortable outdoor seating and a victory garden!   I had the best green goddess dressing here I've ever had, I've been thinking about it ever since!   A fantastic addition to the area. Marin food, drinks atmosphere, and service without the attitude and high prices!   I will definitely be back.  

                Mmm, talk about great comfort food in my hood. Fresh, hot beignets on their starters menu as well as a "Frito pie" which is just a fancier version of chili in your fritos bag. Those had to be my favorites. Honorable mention goes to the salted caramel hot chocolate and the joe's special (I forgot the name). Loved the watermelon with mint! I'm gonna try to recreate it myself  

                Great atmosphere and delicious food.  I have been 3 times; my first visit was Thanksgiving weekend while visiting the Rosie museum next door and we ordered the house made chips.  The second visit was with a friend for brunch; she had chicken and waffles (just like in New Orleans where we had them before); and I had a special benedict .  Both dishes were well-prepared, visually pleasing and tasty.  My third visit was for lunch; my friend and I ate outside in the sunshine with a lovely water view.  Service has been good and each time, the manager on duty has checked in at the end of our meal to ask how our experience was.  And all 3 times, it was very good.  Can't wait to go for dinner!  

                Had a great meal with friends.  Assemble's menu is comfort food all the way.  No crazy flourishes, just straightforward dishes, kept up to date, and impeccably done.  Great space as part of the Craneway Pavillion / Rosie the Riveter complex.  The room is airy and casual.  Our server was great, hitting the mark in being friendly and personable but not overly familiar.    The pot pies (chicken or spicy mushroom) are the signature dish and rightfully so --- a great cheesy crust is the highlight.  A great place to go when going to an event at the Craneway, visiting the Rosie the Riveter museum, strolling/riding the bay trail, or on its own.  

                Beautiful view; tasty food; awesome service; and right next to a national historic park!  

                I went here twice within a three-day time frame. Great view and the food is very fresh and delicious! I had the crab louie salad and sampled my friend's fish an chips. the fish and chips are a MUST-HAVE! the best I have ever had...honestly! We also had the apple dessert, which I would pass on. on my second visit I had the chicken pot pie...and I ate every bite. That's a DAMN good chicken pot pie and I will say it "THE BEST POT PIE I EVER HAD!" I am seeing a very promising future with this place. I go twice and two of the meals I had were the best I had every had . Way to go Assemble!  

                Location was out of the way, but next to water so very nice if sitting outside. They provide outdoor heaters so it doesn't get too cold.  Service was good, friendly, and our server was knowledgeable when explaining menu items. Food is uneven with seasoning and execution.  Tri tip sandwich was cold and bland. It's suppose to be cold but would prefer it hot.  Sliders were good but served with some odd side of cucumbers that had too much vinegar and didn't belong on the plate. Cobb salad didn't have enough lettuce and had too much blue cheese which made the salad very salty. It's unbalanced when there's more condiments than the lettuce, especially  when two (bacon & blue cheese)are salty. I think the most disappointing dish was the fish and chips.  It came out hot and my first bite was good since it had a nice crisp texture and the taste of the batter was good. However, as I continued eating, I noticed a kind of weird taste in my mouth so I broke open the next piece of fish and it smelled of ammonia which is a bad sign for any fish. I'm sure it was a fluke since the place sells a lot of fish, but it was disturbing. Apple crisp was good but if they had used tart apples, it would've balanced the sweetness of the dessert.   Assemble needs to spend a little more time thinking through each menu item and the kitchen needs to improve its execution to provide consistency to move it up to three stars and above.  

                (Caveat: I did review other's Yelp comments before eating there, so perhaps my impressions are a little modified from what they might otherwise have been.)  First, I liked it.  I found the food to be subtle and focused upon the ingredient flavors, rather than overwhelming spices.  I had the chicken pot pie, which had an excellent flaky crust filled with fresh vegetables, and came without a rich sauce that may have masked the inherent flavor.  For example, the baby carrots were very good and distinctly different from the mature ones chopped up inside.  I also enjoyed the riblet appetizers beforehand, which had I think a molasses and bourbon sauce--again with some reserve.    Finally, I additionally tried the macaroni and cheese, which tended toward the lighter side (if that exists) with a blend of white cheeses mixed with pasta.  It was not too salty or artificially yellow/factory cheese that we have become used to.    The service was professional and unobtrusive, and every need was met with quiet competence.  The Paloma cocktail was excellently prepared as well.  Pricing was a little stiff, FYI, but the value was there.  Overall, I found the entire experience to be understated but good.  I have grown weary of in-your-face flavors and showtime staff; this occasion was a welcome relief.  Although the portions were large, the food seemed a little light somehow and I can easily imagine eating there frequently in the future.  

                Went on a sunday at 10:45, with a party of 5. My initial impression was where the hell is this place? The sign was on one side of the building and the restaurant was on the opposite side. But, it was a nice walk.    When we finally got to the restaurant, we were asked if we had reservations, which we didnt. The place was empty, maybe 4 tables out of the 40 there were filled. The host said he couldnt accommodate us till 12:45. We were slightly confused and a little upset, but  told him we couldnt wait 2 hours. As we were walking out he asked us if we wanted to sit outside. It was a fantastic day, so we said "Yes!". He told us his wife would take care of us and went to get us some waters, coffees and menus.   We started with the housemade chips, which were crispy and light and very tasty. For mains, we  had eggs, chicken pot pie, heuvos rancheros and macaroni and cheese to share between the 5 of us. All were pretty good, the pot pie had fresh veggies from their garden and was really the highlight of the meal. Service was attentive and good, but the food took quite a while to come out. Also, it was a bit pricey but not ridiculous.  Overall, I think ill be back. Hoping to try it for happy hour. BTW, Richmond point is kind of a gem and I hope people make the trek, if only just for the views.  (wish that yelp allowed for half stars - id say it was 3.5, but ill round up for the views)  

                Great trendy restaurant in the old Ford Building next to the Cranway situated near the bay in Richmond. The inside is very industrial looking with wooden tables and chairs. There is outside seating on the waterfront. They do have heaters and blankets which is a nice touch. The food is good, excellent service and very nice owners. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is their wines by the glass is on a short list. It's a little cool to sit outside unless it's very warm because there is no sun it faces East. Bring a jacket.  It's not like sitting outside at Sam's in Tiburon.   There are plans for a ferry stop to SF.  One nice perk. They give you a ticket for the Employee Columbia store next door which has great prices for Columbia and Mountain Hardware. Bring your credit card!!!  

                Beautiful restaurant. Awesome waterfront views. The food is decent. I'm always happy but never wowed or impressed. Needs a guest dock for Bay Area boaters to tie up for lunch or dinner. And a little more passion and inspiration for food. Could be so much better than it is, but that won't stop me from dining here. I have faith it will improve!!  Ahem, owners..... Guest dock highly, highly recommended.  

                I have only been here twice and both times it was amazing! The staff is super friendly and attentive, the food is out of this world and the drinks are as good as you can possibly get. Yeah, it's a little pricey at first, then you see how much food you get and it's totally understandable! Their mac & cheese is to die for and my husband still raves about their chicken pot pie. It was a little hard to find the first time we went there, but I'm so glad we didn't give up. I wish I could give this place ten stars, it's that good. Thank you to the amazing Assemble staff and management team. You guys deliver the awesome!  

                We have been here several times recently. The food and service has been GREAT! We had the green salad (grown from their own garden!), the beet salad, roasted vegetables and biscuit with smoked salmon. All four times were delicious! The Lemon Drop Martinis were perfect too....  The setting is amazing and not to be missed. With views of Brooks Island, San Francisco and the Bay it is fabulous. We got a ticket to enter the Mountain Hardwear store with our bill. The store is for friends and employees and everything is HALF off!!!  The Rosie the Riveter Historical Museum is educational and fun. The Bay Trail is right there so bring your bike and plan for a ride along the shoreline.   A few months ago Jackson Brown played right next door at the Craneway Pavillion!! Many different events are held at the Craneway like Steampunk events and Women's Roller Derby.   Definitely worth checking out!  

                We dropped by Assemble while visiting the Rosie the Riveter Museum. They only serve brunch on weekends during the day but there is enough variety for those not wanting traditional brunch. I passed on the waffles and eggs and went for the sliders. This was one of the best burger lunches I've had. The burger was juicy and perfectly cooked.  The fries are tasty and the side dish of mushrooms and grapes was a nice refreshing addition. The ingredients are fresh supplied by their own garden. Service was friendly and attentive. Before going you should check to see if there are any events going on at the Craneway Pavillion next door. If so I would highly recommend making reservations. It is a great place to stop while biking the SF/Bay Trail.  

                Good food.  Somewhat weird service, almost like the servers were new or being trained.  I know it was a training kitchen for the local community college, but that was before they re-opened.  Foood is good, but nothing really to write home about.  Good boiled peanuts.  

                Amazing biking destination. Really nice to sit at the bar and take in the view. Food not bad either. Should go here more often.  

                My first time dining at Assemble and it was great.  The service was excellent! Our waiter recomended the riblets as an appetizer and he was right, very good.  Dinner salad was huge and the sliders fantastic.  Assemble is my new favorite restaurant in the City of Richmond.  I look forward to returning again and again.  

                Nice, definitely going back.  Casual atmosphere.  Cobb was a little small, wings and sauce could use a little more flavor/spice.  

                We stumbled upon Assemble by accident this weekend when we were looking at houses in Point Richmond and I am so glad we did. The setting is beautiful - overlooking the Bay with views of the Bay Bridge and SF in the distance. The inside of the restaurant still has some great structures from the old assembly plant which give it a cool and unique vibe. I ordered the Egg Huessin (sp?) which was an impressive spin on eggs benedict. The sauce made it what it was and oh my gosh is was good! I wasnt overly impressed with our waiter but the host who sat us was bubbly and fun. We didnt really care though because the food was that good! If I wasnt in public I may have licked the remaining sauce off the plate. :) The outdoor seating is ideal with couches and waterfront views (also dog friendly which we appreciate). Great experience and we will be back!  

                Great variety, clean and fresh, delicious... Also big selection of wines by the glass and creative cocktails. Plus... Great, interesting location with Bay view and Rosie the Riveter museum.  

                We stopped in yesterday for a late lunch. Wow, what a nice change from the previous restaurant. As The Boilerhouse it really left me wanting, but in the short time as Assemble, it has really come together. They've rearranged the space so the bar is toward the front where you enter and a beverage staging area where the bar used to be. There is a huge flat-screen TV mounted high on the south wall (fortunately it was not turned on) so unless you are sitting directly beneath the screen, just about every seat in the restaurant and has perfect viewing point if there is something worth watching.   Hubby ordered a cup of clam chowder and the fish & chips. The chowder had chunks of potato, clam meat, red bell pepper, onion, celery and corn that filled the bowl and was very well seasoned. Slightly reminiscent of a white Boston clam chowder, but not as thick. I stole a couple of bites - it had a slight kick to it thanks to a bit of pepper - cayenne, perhaps? Absolutely delicious.  Fish & chips. Okay, I picked at this too - so sue me. Three good sized pieces of battered rock cod were deep fried to perfection. The fish was white, flaky and perfectly cooked, the batter crisp and crunchy, but a tad salty for my taste. The chips were thick cut wedges, similar to the papas fritas served at Cesar's (Gourmet Ghetto). The potatoes were fluffy inside and nice and crisp outside, but I thought they were baked rather than fried. However, I didn't confirm so I can't answer for sure. Their cole slaw is okay, a little to heavy on the celery salt. A small cup of tartar sauce and a bottle of malt vinegar rounded out the condiments.  I ordered their five-bean vegetarian chili. Black beans. Pinto beans. White Beans. Red beans. Garbanzo beans. It was accompanied with two side cups filled with diced red onion and jalapeno so you can adjust to your liking. A garnish of cilantro and a bit cheddar cheese finished it off. It was one of the best I've had (outside of my own). It came with a wedge of corn bread that was delicious, but a touch dry. To be fair, my personal experience with baking cornbread is that it becomes "stale" within an hour or so of coming out of the oven.  Dessert was offered but we were quite full, so we passed. Hoping to give them a try next time.  Service was excellent, staff was friendly and efficient. Dinner service is coming soon (Wednesday through Saturday to start) as is Sunday brunch. The owners have fun plans for the future - outdoor seating, barbeque patio, a "dining stage" in the Craneway Pavilion (the ultimate in bay views!) and a vegetable garden.  Don't forget to take a short walk along the waterfront before heading back to you car!  

                Food is very good, ambiance likewise, nice wine list, full bar BUT the service is beyond UNprofessional. Lost our order one night, then served all items ordered the next time, they need a GM on site whenever they're open!!!  

                This is a hidden gem!  Excellent food, great service and an amazing view.  I have eaten here several times and always love the food and the atmosphere.  Their outdoor seating is perfect for a sunny day or mild evening.  Among my favorite dishes are the Frito pie, Chinese Chicken Salad, riblets and chicken fried steak.  All of the food is fresh and delicious.  They also have a great wine and cocktail selection.  And the key lime pie is by far the best I have ever had!  

                Twice in the past couple of months, we've ventured out for dinner to this out-of-the-way location only to find that it was closed for a private party. Apparently, you have to call ahead to make sure they are open.  They were really snotty about it, too, saying, if we'd been on their email list we would have known about their closures.  The second time the staff person near the door rolled his eyes at us and walked away when we waived to him from the front door.  So answer me this: if you can't get into the place, why the hell would you want to get junk email from them?   We finally got to eat there a couple of weeks ago, and it was OK.  It was the usual relatively expensive version of comfort food, but with so many fabulous venues nearby in San Rafael, Oakland, and Berkeley, why bother?  

                What a delightful find this was - the site is beautiful, historical references everywhere = Rosie the Riveter Museum, fabulous view of the bay and so much more. But let's get down to what really counts: THE FOOD! I found everything to be of wonderful quality, including the wait staff, who were so attentive, friendly and genuinely interested in our experience.   My friend and I shared fish and chips and the sliders = both done to perfection and with lovely housemade, delicate french fries and salads. A real test is often the tartar sauce and Assemble makes their's from scratch with perfect seasoning. We polished this off with the banana cream pie - which came in an individual pie shell, topped with whipped cream and bananas. I've been eating my way through the Bay Area forever and can't believe this fantastic restaurant and I haven't met until now!  The chef is from Cesar's, which speaks so highly of the quality. The whole thing was an incredible treat - even the very affordable bill at the end of our meal. Loved it!!  

                The food is delicious.   The ambience is very cool. Waiters are all quick and courteous. I'm very impressed!  

                Great destination restaurant. Unique location on the SF Bay looking at Brooks Island in the old Ford plant. Great bar and staff. Love the food. Definitely worth checking out. Outdoor seating with heat lamps. Rosey the Riveter museum next door. On the waterfront bike path.  

                Love the Hearty food. The pot pies are awesome. Service is a bit lacking tho. But still cool place with great views.  

                Aggg... We waited for an hour to get our lunch. Everything was cold that was supposed to be hot. The place was just total chaos! The food was average when it finally came. Under staffed!  

                This space is really interesting with some great history.  Menu frequently changed and is good to very good.  If you're in the area, or looking for a cool place in Richmond to eat, this is a great option.  Check out the National Landmark, to  Rosie the Riveter, next door.  

                Extraordinary! We went in for our first brunch alone since our baby was born and really needed a delicious meal in a relaxing setting. Assemble was not only a great choice, but the food and service far exceeded our expectations.  We went in based on the online menu which had a couple of items for my partner who has numerous dietary restrictions. Even though the online menu was outdated, and those dishes were not available, they offered to make anything to order for him. Our meals were delicious! We were 'this close' to walking out, never to return, but within minutes of seeing our disappointment, their excellent service and flexibility saved the day! We recommend Assemble without reservation to anyone looking for great food in a lovely setting! We'll see you there!  

                If you're looking for mediocre food, poor service but a beautiful view, look no further. Our dining experience began with a long awkward wait at the front entrance with no one to greet us. Just as we were contemplating leaving, one of the waitstaff noticed us and walked over. I chalked it up to growing pains since they are fairly new. No harm; no foul.   While the restaurant was mildly busy, it was by no means bustling.  Ordering was timely, and appetizers came out quickly. The mac and cheese was ok, but the homemade BBQ chips had an odd burnt taste.  We later noticed another couple sending their order of chips back.   It then took our entrees an additional 40 minutes to arrive.  Our waiter initially blamed the kitchen and then later changed the story to that it took my shrimp and grits a longer time to prepare. Our entrees were fair, but nothing to write home about.   What truly ruined the experience for me was our waiter's sarcastic remarks throughout our meal such as  "Do you have enough time to look at a dessert menu?" and "Was the food worth the wait?"  It was not.  And I probably would have had dessert if I didn't have to wait so long for my food.  

                Took my family to see the Rosie the Riveter memorial. We then wanted brunch and I was thinking the closest option was All's Well in Pt. Richmond. But I was wrong - Assemble is the closest option - its right next door to the visitors center.   Brunch menu looked good. It was a little light on veg options so I had the deviled eggs and a side salad. It was delicious! My parents both had Assemble's version of eggs benedict. I cannot remember what they call it but both LOVED their brunch. We also had a side of fries. Fries were good but what really made the meal was the mustard & horseradish dipping sauce. It was so good I put some on my salad as dressing. Fantastic!   If you are a history buff this place is particularly interesting as Ford used to assemble military trucks here during WWII. Overall, its not in the most convenient spot but its next to the Richmond marina so you can watch the boats come in and out. I enjoyed it so much I am taking Beau here for dinner next week.  

                Wonderful beyond words, location, atmosphere, cuisine, freshness, location,... Unique experience a must for any Bay Area local and right next to Rosie The Riveter museum with original Rosie The Rivter women to talk with amazing!  

                I work in the area, which lacks actual dining restaurants, so I frequent here often for lunch. It's a great place to get quality food and service, as well as an amazing view. I highly recommend their grilled veggie quinoa salad - it's my favorite!  

                I really wanted to like this place. It's sunny and pretty inside, it's next to the water, the food's pretty good. And I like to support local businesses.  Unfortunately, there was something seriously wrong with their service when I went on Sunday afternoon. The hostess failed to acknowledge us for a long time when we came in. Later, I had to flag down someone to fill my empty water glass and coffee mug. They also forgot about the beignets we had ordered. And finally, towards the end of my meal, I realized that the kitchen forgot to include the accompanying fruit salad for my order.  I've never experienced so many missteps in one meal by a wait staff/kitchen before.  I'm hoping they just were understaffed that day, since everyone was really nice and seemed capable of competent service.  I'll probably return in the future and revise my review.  

                AMAZING Birthday dinner- I couldn't have asked for more! Beautiful view of the Bay; delicious food and a handsome man to enjoy the dining experience with.   I absolutely loved Assemble. The laid back vibe coupled with impeccable service makes it easy for me to give them 5 stars and will be recommending it to anyone who loves to eat.   I had the Mac n Cheese as the main course and my Boyfriend had the Gumbo. Me being a huge cheese lover I couldn't resist ordering the Mac and cheese and was not let down it was <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbomb.com&s=bb4f996415a9c2f21137e27cfb68f439a48cec2652b53e9b50dd7e766dbe177e" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bomb.com</a>. The portions were just right and the bread crumbs they toast on top really added a great touch.   Wish we lived closer so we could eat here more often.  

                Wanted to give this place 4 stars, however the Chinese chicken salad had an overwhelming amount of horseradish in the dressing.  I'm guessing this might have been a mistake, but the server defended my questioning how spicy the salad was.  Everything else was good:  sliders with hand cut fries and mushroom/grape salad, chicken pot pie with cheddar crust.  Love spaciousness of the interior, and the garden where they grow some of the fresh greens and herbs for the restaurant.  Will return so I can bump them up to 4 stars.  

                Had a great dinner at Assemble this weekend.  Absolutely have the Frito Pie -- one word of warning though, it's very filling.  My husband and I shared it, and then were almost too full to eat anything else.  We also had the Mac n' Cheese, beets, and the wedge salad.  The desserts looked awesome...maybe next time.    Service was attentive, but not pushy.  Our water glasses were kept full which is a benchmark of mine.    One word of warning:  The heaters over by the kitchen are pretty strong.  If you are cold, it's a great place to sit.  Otherwise, it gets pretty toasty!  We'll definitely return!  P.S.  We arrived a bit early and walked along the trail.  Sunset over the water was beautiful!  

                food was over priced for what you get. Limited menu, everything we ordered was too salty for our taste.  Nice looking building, nice interior setup. won't be back.  

                Today my husband and I took advantage of the beautiful weather and walked the bay trail down to Assemble. We have been wanting to try it out for some time as we live in the area! We arrived to a packed house (I suggest making reservations) but they were more than happy to seat us outside which was perfect as we had a stroller! I can't say enough good things about this place!!  We had the Buffalo wings which were great! My husband and I split the club which had turkey and chicken and even a fried egg on it. Sooo good! It came with coleslaw and let me tell you the best coleslaw I have ever had in my whole life!!  I am so happy Assemble is in the neighborhood and can't wait for my next trip back!  

                OK everyone, The food here is consistently really good. It is a bit on the expensive side so even though I work across the street, I don't eat here often unless the boss is buying.  When the boss is buying, it is a first pick.  The decor is cool too.  

                This is such a great spot with beautiful bay views, but I am sorry to say that I was not too happy about my meal. I ordered the nicoise salad...oh boy. For $18.00 I could have done better at home. The potatoes were hard, ahi tuna? it looks to me that was tuna from a can. The fish and chips ok...french fries not the best. That left me with no desire to come back....it could be that I ordered the wrong thing. But I think for those prices and the setting they can do way better.  

                Entrance hard to find but inside was packed at lunch with an older american crowd. Kinda slow service for lunch considering people have limited time. $14 club sandwich. Nope, not allured to come back.  

                Yum!  I'm pleased to report that Assemble's dinner menu was delicious. Hubby had beef stroganoff and a nice glass of red zin. I had the lentil sausage soup and mac and cheese. Both were hearty, nuanced and satisfying.  We shared the peach tart. The service was friendly and warm. Particularly given the cold night. Overall, it was a perfect date night. We've ways loved brunch at assemble, but had mixed results for dinner. This seemed to indicate a definite upswing in the food. (Service had always been beyond reproach.)  

                We invaded Assemble today at 1:30 with 5 adults and 2 babies.  Overall it was a great experience.  The Cocktails were tasty and innovative. For the mom of the group, they had multiple creative non-alcoholic options.  Our food was fun and tasty.  Desserts were fantastic.  They presented the two 1-year olds with a composed meatball sandwich plate of bread, cheese, and meat balls for their eating.  Oh and TWO highchairs!  That is a score.  They were super sweet and the prices were just right.  Two thumbs up!!  

                I went for an impromptu brunch with a friend and was kind of surprised to find that they recommend reservations.  It's such an out of the way sort of place, but I guess the warehouse feel is trendy.  Luckily they were able to fit us in at a really nice little spot with a gorgeous waterfront view, very quickly! The best part of the meal for me was the bloody mary (I had three actually)...perfectly spicy, really hit the spot!  I had the Spicy Mushroom Pot Pie since they list it as a house specialty, and per my father's advice, you should always order something they consider to be special.  It was tasty, but I wouldn't rave about it, and the crust was a little on the too crispy side.  My friend had the blackened catfish sandwich and thought it was excellent.  Our server was attentive and personable.   Overall I'd say it was a really nice experience, and I'll try it out again but probably order something different...and make a reservation!  

                My first time here under the Assemble name.. came plenty of times when it was Boiler House. Have always come for lunch.. I'm catching myself writing up thoughts for the previous restaurant, but I feel it necessary in order to accurately illustrate my review for the current restaurant.. it's likely not fair so I'll do my best to be fair..  Sadly, I don't come here for the food, yet I always come when I'm hungry (odd, I KNOW!).. it's over priced and the food serves a palate only found on Mars (or somewhere in outer space).. This property is on the water of the Bay and has a ever so gorgeous panorama view of the East Bay to San Francisco, and the serene sounds (found outside, not inside) of sea gulls, wind, and water crashing is nourishing for one's soul.  This location closed, I take it for remodeling (not really?), and a name change.. Today was my first time back! A quick glance at the menu and I was unsurprisingly dissatisfied.. the menu was scarce just as it was before. With not much to choose from, I elected for the Tuna Melt with Jalapeño Jack Cheese $12.. this is a tuna melt served on an English muffin with red onions and other sorts, accompanied with a tease of coleslaw..   The tuna tasted funny, not sure if it was me or if it was because I had never had a $12 tuna melt before (catch my drift?), the coleslaw was even worse-it tasted dull and woody.. I convinced myself I was having a fancy meal, prepared by fancy chef's, so what I was tasting was fanciness..... that was until I discovered a PIECE OF PLASTIC in my mouth! a 1/4 way through the second English muffin I felt something very hard in my mouth, I spit it out and examined it.. at first I thought it was a rough piece of onion, but after closer examination I determined it was plastic!  I called the waiter over, asked for the manager, politely handed her the piece of plastic on a napkin (believe me, I wanted to just hand it to her in her hand but even in all the shock I was in, I managed to still catch myself on that one!) requested she speak with the cook (and ask WTH is this?!), handed over my food, and that was the END OF MY APPETITE. I am at least pleased with the fact that the manager did respond to the incident appropriately.. She offered me a new or different meal (please believe I declined!), and she and the waiter apologized plenty. I began to ask for the bill when the waiter told me it was taken care of, thanks!....  and that, my friends, is Assemble in Richmond, CA, formerly Boiler House.  

                I'm sorry to report that my experience was less than stellar.  Our foursome arrived for brunch on a cloudy Sunday to celebrate a friend's birthday.  The service was attentive, and the Bloody Mary was good.  But unlike previous reviewers, our boiled peanuts were undercooked (probably because they started with dried peanuts, and not green peanuts - two Southerners can attest to this!). My Jim's special of scrambled eggs with mushrooms, etc. was perfect in terms of content, BUT it was cold! As was my partner's pancakes.  Maybe they sat on the counter, waiting to be served for too long.  But cold food is not going to make it.  The wait staff and line staff need to up their game. The setting is wonderful, and I'm going to give them another shot when we can bike the Bay Trail to their front door - Maybe in the Spring...  

                Pros:  Great view! Friendly and accommodating stuff Tasty food Nice decor Plenty of parking  Cons:  No vegan mains listed on the menu (manager willing to make up a vegan main for you) Limited menu  Will I be back? As long as they can make me a vegan entree again, Yes, I'll be back.  

                Had great food and wonderful service in this cool  atmosphere with breathtaking bay  views. Hard to find, but worth it. Huge chicken pot pie with fresh veggies and lots of good meat in a great crust. Wonderful mini-hush-puppies. A generous Cobb salad   with abundant ingredients. Very friendly waitress.   Minus-glaring giant screen TV to distract form the wall of windows gives this pricey place a slightly downscale twist- enough with TV everywhere.  I was extremely taken aback by the reviewer who gave these hard - working people one star because he didn't like the website. Really, that's not the spirit of a review on yelp. Lowering the rating of a place with good food and service(in a struggling new development in a hard- to -find location) isn't funny...it is mean spirited. I asked the manager- she said, that like most responsible businesses- she wanted to do a "soft" opening and build the business slowly the first month so as to work out the problems. The previous restaurant in that spot pushed too hard and disappointed when they couldn't deliver. I am delighted that this place is here .It wasn't perfect, but will surely iron out the wrinkles soon. They are clearly a class act. Give it a try.  

                Really wanted to like this place, and the location, vibe, and service were good, but the food was boring and overpriced.  We had the blackened catfish (no flavor), the cajun meatloaf (didn't taste cajun and not spicy at all), two drinks, and one dessert for $75, including tip.  There are so many places in the Bay Area where you can get far better food for the same price or less.  

