                With a marina location and unique menu, the Athenian is a great spot for lunch on the water! The staff is fast to seat and serve you and everyone is nice.   I was very pleased with the food, from the soup to the main course which was the Gyro plate.   Next time I come it would be nice to bring more people because it's such a relaxing location!  

                Really good food, really great portions.  The gyros are legit and the veggies are fresh and crisp.  Love em.  Let's talk about pastrami...WOW!  If you order the pastrami sandwich you're in for a treat.  The best pastrami I've ever had.  Salty and delicious.  The portion is ridiculous.  I've ordered this sandwich to go and split the meat into 3 sandwiches at home.   Definitely worth stopping in here for a meal or ten.  There is never a wait.  Friendly staff and fast too.  

                I was really disappointed with my meal. The dolmades (I think I screwed up the spelling) were dry and not very flavorful. I had to add ketchup to make it edible.   I order lamb kebobs, which also needed flavor. Along with the lamb came a veggie skewer, which was charred and black. I asked for another one and the waitress brought it to go, but neither of us checked it. She told the cook not to char it, however, when I got home, it was just as black as the first.   This place is over-priced for what it is and I don't recommend it...except for the fries (those were awesome).  

                Love this restaurant!!!!! Best baklava ever!!! The pastrami sandwich is an unexpected piece of heaven! It's huge so plan to share or take half home.  

                I normally don't complain or yelp but that is how frustrated this restaurant got me! My children and I arrived around 8pm, we were greeted and asked immediately the need of service..." To go or for here"? "For here I said" we were sat under the T.V. by the older woman with the blonde hair, and from there on out NOT A SINGLE EMPLOYEE said anything to me. After 15 or so minutes I couldn't bare anymore of being ignored by the staff that was just talking and not paying ANY guest ANY attention, whatever they were talking about must have been intense. My children didn't deserve that nor did I. P.S. She would have gotten her 20%.  

                Great place to have lunch during the work week! The outdoor seating has a nice view of the Suisun marina and is protected from getting too much wind. Wait staff is always attentive and helpful. The kabobs are delicious-- shrimp and chicken over a nice Greek salad is my favorite. The small salad is enough for lunch (or dinner)-- pretty good portion.   The spanakopita is also delicious, and is very moist without being too greasy. Parking is easy and you hardly ever will have to wait for a table because the lunch turn-over is fast (people have to get back to work). I also like that you have a choice to order whole grain pita bread (the yogurt dip pairs well!).   An unlikely Greek item on the menu is the tuna melt-- but it is soooo good and one of my favorites to order. Fries are extra and come as a side. I would recommend getting a basket of fries for the table (again, large portion even for the smaller order).   Visit & Enjoy  

                Great location, right on the water, in downtown Susuin City. Best Greek food within 15 miles. Servers are friendly. I love the falafel and gyros are delicious. The spanakopita is amazing and one of the best I've ever had.  

                Great service, great food, and free baklava for yelpers!  Thi place never disappoints!  

                One the best pastrami  i ever had. Great greek good and baklava is the best hmm tasty fri ed ndly by the river nice area to sit and watch time go by. Great food service with a smile.  

                Fabulous place to dine on delicious, freshly prepared food. Nice atmosphere with outside dinging offered with an incredible view of the water and docked boats. A great walking trail is right outside the doors of this awesome restaurant. The vegetable and chicken were tender and delicious and the rice moist and flavorful. I really enjoyed my meal and attentive service.BON APPETIT  

                Everytime I come to this establishment I'm greeted with a smile and warm conversation... The food is amazing and the baklava is to die for. I will continue to patronize this business...Moussaka today and pastrami burger next time.  

                Tried this spot for the first time after passing by it on numerous occasions. Have to say my first assumptions were completely wrong. I assumed this was a large lunch and dinner joint that served the burger and fries like Cast Iron. nope! This place is Greek style food so bring on the pita and hummus!       So walking in, I was surprised on how small and quaint this place looked. From the outside it looks quite large and kind of like a happening bar. We got seated very quickly and within minutes got our order taken. In some ways since the place is so small, they kind of push you to order and eat so the people waiting can get a seat. Also the waiting part is next to the seats so you can see them staring at you to eat faster, lol. Our server was nice but could have been more cheerful. She looked pretty exhausted but was on it when it came to getting our order and what we needed. Although it took awhile to get out check picked up and dropped off. That Prob took the longest than our food coming out.      My sandwich wrap was good, overloaded with the sauce. If u like the sauce then good but if not ask for light sauce because it will be leaking out by the last bites. Also small basket of fries should be self sufficient for one even two people. Fries and sweet potato fries were on point. Nothing was unique to myself and wasn't something I would want seconds of. I'll have to check this place out again tho. Pretty popular with lots of reserved tables. Will update!  

                Another great lunch at the Athenian Grill. Best service and wait staff in the Suisun/Fairfield area. Everything is good.  

                Service was friendly and order was taken correctly, so no issues there. The food was decent, but not what you would expect from a greek restaurant. To be honest, I've had better Gyros from a street vendor, the Moussaca was not what a moussaca should have been, and the sides/appetizers were mediocre at best. I wouldn't say the food was horrible, just not what greek food should be.  

                My husband and I just moved to the downtown area and we couldn't wait to try Athenian. I have never been to a Greek restaurant so I had no idea what I was in for. It did not disappoint at all. I ordered the pastitso and my husband had the svoulaki plate. It was all delicious. Definitely comfort foods, authentic. And large portions we were able to take left overs home. I just had surgery so not having to cook one more meal is such a bonus for us! Everything was very good and we can't wait to come back!   Also, best baklava I have ever had!! And the staff were very friendly and welcoming. We will be back again and again.  

                Been to Greece and most items on the menu won't disappoint you if you are looking for a little Greek. Their dolmades are my favorite! Customer service great and view outside on permissible weather (most days of the year) make your Mediterranian experience worth a visit and a redo with friends and family (and kids)!  

                Got food as take out. The lamb sandwich & hummus was delish. My husband tried the pastitso for the first while he was not a fan we still though the food overall & service was great. Would love to try them again.  

                To be honest, I'm not a Mediterranean foodie by heart, but Athenian Grill hosts some special features that render it a four star. I'd really like to give the overall food experience a 3.5, but select factors make it a four.   For a four star experience- or perhaps even a five- here's how I would do a second dinner. The venue lies right next to a small quaint marina. They also have an outdoor patio with heating that overlooks the boats and water. The venue is a good size for smaller groups 4-5 people and perfect for date night. On a warm not-too-windy night, I would sit outside and bring my own favorite bottle of wine (you're allowed to do that but just ask in case).   For a marina restaurant, they offer generous portions for a good price (~$15) so come hungry!  The free appetizer pita is soft and delicious, so make sure you enjoy it with the balsamic and vinegar on the table. Order the shrimp souvlaki with a side soup of avgolemeno and enjoy it with your wine-- that would make for a spectacular experience. If you ceave something heavier with less seafood order the mousaka-- a lasagna like square with eggplant.  The swordfish I had ordered for my dinner was slightly dry (as is expected of all swordfish). The beef souvlaki was ok. Love their vegetable kabobs when it's not too burnt.  

                I have been wanting to try this place for a while now.  We went today and am sorry to say we were disappointed.  We were not greeted when we came in so we sat ourselves on the patio. There were 2 people behind the counter but they didn't say anything to us. After a few minutes of sitting at the table I thought maybe we had to order at the counter.  I went in and stood there for a few minutes as the man and woman behind the counter went about their business.  Finally a server came out and brought us menus. I ordered an Gyro which I had been craving and my wife a Greek salad. What? No pepperoncini in the Greek salad? The server was fine but the food was a let down. Tiny little tomatoes on the salad halved.  Tons of lettuce but you can't just add Greek dressing and some feta and say it's Greek salad. The Gyro was weak.  I didn't even realize there were tomatoes, they were cut so thin.  Too bad we had really had wanted to like it.  

                I've been coming here for years. The food is always delicious and service is friendly and quick. I love to sit outside on a warm day with a delicious gyro pita and a cold beer.  

                Great food and I love the location right on the water.. I enjoy sitting outside it's a bit of a tight fit but the restaurant is small so to accommodate there customers they have to make due with what they have :)  

                Update: If I were to rate the dish I ordered, I would give Athenian Grill 4 stars. Finding decent vegan food isn't always a piece of cake, especially in Solano County. The sandwich I ordered was good, and the location did not disappoint. For vegans that typically live abroad and plan to dine with relatives that live locally, I recommend it.  

                Best Gyros I've had and the home fries are the bomb. Love the staff they are so friendly polite I'd definitely recommend people here and I will be back again!  

                My second time here, this time during lunch for Restaurant Week. I had the Spanokopita lunch special which included a greek side salad and  a beverage. The Spanokopita was so good! I grew up eating it and this was the best I've had in a restaurant. Large portions. And the salad was good as well, tons of feta which made me happy. Our server made a good effort, but she was a little scattered. Almost everyone at my table of 5, had to ask for things more then once. But she was friendly and working hard. And I wish the outside tables were a little cleaner, lots of crayon marks all over. Maybe tablecloths would be a good idea. But, I'll be back.  

                We've been regulars at Athenian Grill for several years now so it came somewhat a surprise that there was no Yelp review with my name on it. So to correct the injustice, last weekend we stopped by for lunch as it's been a while since the last visit.  Since the patio area was full, we got seated inside promptly. Service at Athenian Grill was always quick and welcoming and I was glad to see that it hasn't changed. All the Greek entrees come with rice, pita bread, and a choice of soup or salad.Everything came out quickly and tasted as good as when we came for the very first time. Their lentil soup is a must try, make sure to add some balsamic vinegar to it for authentic Greek taste. Gyros are cut right from the rotisserie and fresh as can get; not packaged as you might get as some other places.  On top of Greek, they also have an American portion of the menu, with burgers and fries and so on. The kids' menu consists mostly of these items. Our son had a burger, which was huge for a 4 year old so we ended boxing some of it home.  For drinks, the wine card looked good, but as a beer guy, I wasn't too impressed with three beers on tap. They are surely in need of a good, local IPA on tap to go with the food....  Athenian Grill is a great place to come for a weekend lunch or dinner, with nice patio and excellent views of the Suisun waterfront. Naturally, that wouldn't mean that much if the food wasn't absolutely scrumptious. There are not too many Greek joints in Solano County, but you really don't have to look much further then downtown Suisun City and Athenian Grill.  

                I love the outdoor patio at Athenian Grill that overlooks the marina, and I love that the food is so good and affordable. The gyro is to die for, and if you order fries, expect enough for 3-4 people. The staff are really consistent. It's great having this little gem in downtown Suisun.  

                Gotta love their gyros! So delicious. And just about every time I go there, it's not too crowded so the food comes out pretty quickly. This is a great place to go for a tasty lunch.  

                I had the shrimp kabob, amazing!!!  The shrimp was lightly seasoned and the veggies were grilled to perfection!!!  I had the greek salad with extra olives please!!  It was definitely a filler salad.  They were serving chicken lemon soup, not a fan at all.  I thought they could have done a better job seasoning the soup, at best it tasted like it was from can...  The service was friendly and we were seated quickly.  I would go again...the Baklava was simply tastey...!!!!!    I would recommend this to anyone visiting the area!!!  

                Nice little place right on the water. I really give it 3.5 stars. Friendly service you can sit outside on the patio. Portions are very hearty so come hungry. Chili fries are really good. Wife got the tuna melt and loved it. After I saw the huge Pastrami sandwich at the next table I had to try it. Piled high with pastrami, tangy mustard and pickles.   It was good and had a nice flavor. Next time I am going to try my original choice the  Gyro Platter. It is authentically made by cutting slices directly off of the rotisserie meat slab. A lot of restaurants use frozen pre-packaged meat, so it is great to see this style still being used, which in my opinion, makes Gyros to great. I will definitely be back.  

                Great, very quick service and reasonable prices. Patio overlooking the water; very peaceful. Free baklava when you check in on yelp.  

                I introduced my husband to Athenian Grill seven years ago. We live in Sacramento, but frequently travel to Napa and Oakland. Athenian is amazing!!  You have a beautiful view, great service, and the food is always incredible!  The hummus appetizer is delicious!  I love the chicken or falafel gyro. They are kind enough to chop up the chicken and add feta for me. Hubby loves the Mousaka and Pastitso. The baklava is to die for. Love y'all at Athenian Grill!  

                This is a popular and solid 4 star establishment.  I thought I knew my geography, but I ran afoul here.    I always thought Suisun City was closer to Suisun Bay and the delta coming in from Sacramento and Stockton toward SF Bay, almost as if near Rio Vista.  Instead, it is up a tiny navigable arm from the delta and positioned immediately south of flat, suburban, and mostly gridded Fairfield CA.  This little quayside area with shops and restaurants makes for a nice counterpoint to the hustle and bustle of traffic rushing through Fairfield to get to either San Francisco, Sacramento, or Lake Tahoe.  The Athenian Grill is a winner on all dimensions.  The food is tasty, the quantity is satisfying, the prices are appropriate, the service is enthusiastic, and the setting is both tranquil and picturesque.  I had the shaved gyro meat, rice, and a Greek salad.  I really enjoyed my meal.  I'm only sorry I didn't know of this restaurant sooner.  I would gladly return and recommend it to Greek food aficionados.  It's also easy to get to if transiting between the Bay Area and Sacramento, or vice versa.  

                Have been returning regularly since my last review.  Went there again last night with a friend and was once again delighted to see Cathy working!  Cathy is a warm, genuine person who keeps it real and tells it like it is.  She doesn't miss a beat during the meal and always has great suggestions and conversations.  Cathy and her son Corey are a great combination and make dining there more fun.   It's also apparent that the other staff are engaged and enjoy their guests. I have yet to feel as though anyone there was disinterested or put out like you get in lots of places.    The food is prepared with care and is a home run every time.  Not just the obvious stuff like gyros - but if you're looking for a pastrami done right, this is the only place on the western seaboard that's got it figured out!  

                So excited to have found this place. Right on the water and seating outside. Very nice waitress. Delicious hummus and pita and the chicken pita was delicious. Don't forget the baklava with your check in!! We will be back! Great food great service. Nice location. Good prices. Nothing better!  

                This is still the go to place for lunch whenever we visit Fairfield. The burgers and pita sandwiches are delicious.  I really enjoy the Greek lemon chicken soup.  They still don't seem to get the French Fries right (which is the tip I wrote), regularly.  Lots of ends and overdone.   The very nice waitress took care of it.  But, the cooks should never serve it up to begin with.  I've been going here since 2009. Good fries with a burger is must!  Its spoils the meal when we have to complain about it.  There have been a few times when the fries were perfect.  We really like this place, though.  

                I looooove Greek food, but this was as store bought and cheap as it comes.  Tl;dr: Cheap, bland food with store bought pita bread. Wayyyy too expensive. Large dinner portions of good salad and bad rice.  Everyone here was raving about the pita bread - store bought and spongy-fluffy without the dense consistency and layered quality of real pita bread. Hummus was super bland without enough garlic or lemon and insanely over priced for the portion at 7.99 :/  Gyro meat was super tasty cause gyro meat is always tasty but was rather salty. Rice was a why bother just done in chicken broth and crazy bland. Huuuuge portion though. And the side of feta and olives was a 1 inch dense cube and two kalamata olives ._. Really guys?  Tzaziki was the worst I've ever had tasting watered down with milk or cheap plain yogurt without hardly any dill flavor.  HUGE side salad and generous with the pita bread and rice.  Pro tip: Greek baklava with check in :D and that was super dense and nutty. Best baklava I've had in a while!  

                I highly recommend this restaurant. We ordered the combo appetizer plate which came with fried calamari, fried zucchini, and mozzarella cheese sticks-all of which were hot and fresh. For the main course, my sibling ordered a gyro sandwich, which looked amazing-tons of meat in a big pita for a very reasonable price. I shared a gyro plate with my mother, and we ended up taking home leftovers because they gave us so much meat and rice. They have great tsatiziki sauce and their prices are extremely reasonable! Extremely friendly service as well. Without a doubt, I would go there again.  

                A while back I went to this restaurant during the Lenten season. I wasn't able to have rice because that's what I gave up.  So I gave them 4 stars because my review of them wasn't complete.  Well.... I'm back and grabbed a gyro platter this time....BOMB!!   Thanks for another great meal Athenian Grill!!!  A very well deserved 5 star rating  

                Thank you yelpers... I love this place!  Food is great, portions are plentiful, prices reasonable, and staff was so nice.  It's my first time in Suison City, and was a great location on the slough.  Pastrami sandwich is great, as is the gyro plate with fresh cut fries and Greek salad. Also tasted the special of the night, lamb stew over rice...yummy.  Baklava made for the perfect sweet ending.  Can't wait till I'm back in the area.  

                I've come in here for years and years and the food and service has always been consistent. The prices are great for what you get and the food always comes out quick and cooked to perfection.   Some of my favorite things here are the Chicken Souvlaki or the Steak Sandwich. Their baklava is also heavenly if you're craving a treat (and have room!) after a great meal. We almost always get either the hummus with warm pita or the fried zucchini appetizers to get things started too. We recently tried the Spanikopita as an appetizer and that proved to be delicious as well. You really can't go wrong! In all the years this place has been around I don't think I've ever once heard someone I know complain about them.   The food is great, the servers are friendly and attentive and their patio seating area is great for the warmer months. If you've never tried Greek food, here's the place to give it a try. You won't be disappointed.  

