                another favorite spot!! I always order the same thing - Gyro plate - Yummy!!  Generous serving of fries - fries are to die for! comes with a sauce - some olive sauce - so yummy!  The gyro is delish too - I always end up taking it to go bcus I've stuffed my face with the fries and salad.  Need to go back since I only come here when I worked corporate.  I highly suggest everyone try! wait is a bit long during lunch.  

                Decided to sit outside in the evening which turned out to be great in the evening. Hummus and pita bread, which you get without asking, is good, addictive!  Sampler of 3 was sufficient for the five of us (danger is if you are hungry, you have to resist the urge of ordering the sampler of 5 as the upcoming meals are all large and delicious!!)  Main meals are delicious.  Mixed grill, both lamb and chicken are very tender and come with rice and cooked vegetable (stew). Lamb and chicken souvlaki come with generous portions of garlic fries, Dolmadas are freshly made and the grilled chicken salad come in an inhuman portion on a huge platter fit for two!  I forget to mention the large salads the came with the meat dishes.  The baklava and yogurt with walnut and honey/ cherry sauce are both freshly made and just the right sweetness to make them very yummy.  Even though the setting is a little unexpected, the meals have always been great over the last 10 years. You've got to try it if you haven't already.  

                Two Words: The Gyro  The garlic fries are amazing, but the gyro is addicting. One bite and you don't even know what hit you!  Their dipping sauce is tantalizing. I normally don't use dipping sauces, but I just poured the whole thang all over my gyro. MMMMM.  This place is crowded, but it is worth it to wait in line! The next time I come back to the bay(which will be soon), I am getting seconds and thirds!  

                Athena Grill is located in an industrial area, and sticks out in the dark due to the restaurant's bright lighting. I went here for dinner last night (Thursday) around 6:30 PM. There was plenty of seating available, although tables feel a bit close together.  You get bread and hummus to start out with. I ordered the seafood souvlaki, which was a skewer of swordfish, prawns, and scallops over rice and some weird vegetable mixture (not a fan of that). The meal came with a salad, which was tasty with its chunks of feta cheese. My boyfriend ordered the gyro pita, which was delicious. It came with fries, and I had to steal a few because they were so tasty! I definitely know what I'll be ordering next time I'm here.  Service was friendly, quick, and attentive. Our water glasses never got too low, and our food arrived without a long wait.   I'll look forward to returning to Athena Grill sometime soon.  

                Make a reservation because this restaurant is smack in the middle of a bunch of office buildings and it gets super crowded during lunchtime!! Like lines out the door crowded.   The fries here are BOMB. They are the perfect amount of crispy and garlicy and so addicting.   All orders come with complimentary WARM pita bread, french bread, and hummus. The pita bread is lightly toasted and so fluffy.   The entrees are a bit on the pricier side- my Greek salad (they are really generous on the feta cheese!) was $10 + $5-8 extra for a meat skewer. The wraps are slightly cheaper at ~$8. I recommend the shrimp souvlaki! The shrimp is well marinated and grilled nicely, giving it a good crunch. So good. The swordfish, on the other hand, was borderline dry.   Service is fast and friendly. Will definitely be returning :)  

                Yes Yes Yes!  ************************  Just around the corner from the famous Santa Clara Vanguard Drum and Bugle Corps hall is this gem. The best falafel and gyros I have ever had. The dipping sauce/ "greek ketchup" is amazing as well. I cannot recommend this place enough if you are in the area!  

                How this place has almost 1000 reviews and 4 out of 5 stars is beyond me.   I give them 5 stars for service and I take 4 away for the terrible food. You would think a Greek resturtant would serve proper gyro meat but sadly Athena Grill has no diea what that is.  

                Athena Grill redux. I don't usually write a review for leftovers but darn if the food I brought home from AG doesn't merit its own review. It was that good. We ate lunch at AG on Monday. It is now Tuesday and I am reheating the combo plate for lunch.   OMG, what a difference a couple of minutes in the microwave make. The mousaka was yummy when heated. The eggplant was creamy and the potato gave the dish some body. I only wish the eggplant was sliced cross-wise to minimize the chewiness of the skin.  The pastitsio or the Greek version of the beefy mac casserole was also delicious. I can just imagine how much better it would have been if I had the patience to heat it gently in the oven instead.   My only criticism, the ground beef wasn't drained of excess oil after it was browned and added to the casserole. When I took the "to go" container out of the fridge, I scraped off a film of grease that had solidified on top.  The only part of the combo plate I didn't care for was the spanokopita. There was a metallic taste to the spinach.  Overall, despite the spinach, a great dining experience x2. Can't wait to go back.  

                My husband & I just got back from Greece last week & we were looking for some authentic Greek food. Saw Athena Grill on yelp & was happy it turned out to be what we were looking for. When we saw the Acropolis in Athens we passed by a neighborhood called Plaka & there were rows of cafés with music & lots of ppl. Athena Grill reminded me of those cafés. Except this was bigger, the interior decor had pictures of Greek islands some of which we've been to. Blue & white colors were the color palette used to accentuate the decor & was easy to recognize from a distance. The location is right smack in the midst of the Silicon Valley commercial industry.   Outdoor tables with sheds & umbrellas. It was definitely warm outside & cool inside.   We ordered the plates and each comes with salad, fries or rice. I ordered the mixed grill with the chicken & lamb souvlaki & were both tender. The warm pita bread & hummus was what I was looking forward to. They tasted fresh. My husband ordered the NY steak & was cooked to perfection.   Just as we were enjoying the taste of the warm pita bread an old guy approached us & asked if we wanted more pita bread. When I said yes he immediately walked away & brought us another basket of warm bread. We revealed that we just got back from Greece & he was thrilled that he told us he was from Corinth. When more customers walked in George left & attended to them. That was a nice gesture. It seemed he knew a lot of the customers who were there. He must be the owner I thought & then I saw a picture of the employees on my left & his picture was in the middle. So I was right :-)   The service was great. Food is supposed to not only fill your gut but should also entertain you with a good experience. I'm not hard to please but I always look for that pleasant experience. We will be back here for sure.  

                There was a long line during lunch but the line was quick. You order your food and they bring it out to your table. You get complimentary pita bread and a dipping sauce.   I went back here after a year or so since I am back in Silicon Valley for work. I was actually extremely disappointed. My pita wrap ($10.95 plus tax) had two slices of gyro  meat and it just wasn't as flavorful as I recall it. It would have been nice to have more than two thinly sliced pieces of meat! The spring salad mix they put in the wrap was fresh.  The prices have increased as well. I got fresh fruit instead of the garlic fries.   Gyro Wrap ($10.95) Steak Wrap ($12.95)  

                Excellent! Loved the food. We got one dish - the Mezes Krasiou combination plate. It had chicken souvlaki, pork sausage, beef souvlaki  and lamb. It also had fresh feta cheese and olives with different dips. They serve complimentary  warm pita with hummus and bread. Great food and service!  

                Review based on catering: Personally, the catering wasn't that great, but I will have to update my review when I dine in.  Veg. Spanakopita: 2/5 not that great--the worst dish out of this meal Veg. Falafels: 2/5 could be a bit more crispy Athena Salata: 3/5 typical greek salad Salmon - Solomos Skaras: 3.5/5 good, moist salmon Chicken Souvlakia: 3/5 decent, although some chicken pieces were dried Grilled Vegetables: 2/5 eh, stirred fried peas---pass Gyros Meat: 3.5/5: best dish out of this meal.  

                We went back to Athena Grill after 5 years. Food is exactly the same as Asteria Grill off of Mathilda Avenue, which has good Greek food too. I ordered the Vegetarian meze platter which came with spanakopita, falafels, grilled portobello mushroom and eggplant on a bed of fresh cut fries. Everything was pretty good. Falafels are not the best, but not bad. Everyone received a basket of warm pitas and hummus.  Great customer service too. The owner asked us how our meal was during the evening. He even gave us a complimentary piece of the dessert made specifically for Fridays since we originally ordered baklava.    If the weather is nice, you can sit on the patio.  

                This is a nice place surrounded by office buildings, making it almost like a little hidden restaurant. They have outdoor seating (covered and uncovered) as well as a good amount of indoor seating. Their complementary pita and hummus is very tasty and great if you're starving while waiting for your food.  I ended up getting the swordfish gyro to try something new, it was good but the swordfish wasn't that flavorful which was a bit disappointing. But you do get a lot of food and everything else within my pita was awesome. It's great that you can replace the fries with fruit, if you want a healthy option! I got the fries which were amazing. I wish the entrees were more affordable because I would love to come back and try some.  Service was a little slow when I went here but when the waiter did come to my table he was attentive and made sure everything was going well.  

                Athena Grill is delicious! The meat is so tender and flavorful. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Every time we ran out of something, they would refill it before we could say anything. We've been here twice and will definitely be back again!  

                This was our first time here - great food awesome service - I had the Chicken Shashlik - good portions. The complimentary salad, hummus and pita bread was a nice touch  

                Came here during a quick lunch break and arrived right around opening! IMMEDIATELY greeted by the wonderful staff and head honchooo who was sooo kind and welcoming to our party of 9 people. It almost felt like we were being seated for a family lunch right at home!   Ordered the lamb pita and waited patiently in my seat. Reaaallly enjoyed the lil appetizer baskets they gave us of unlimited bread and pita with this authentic tastin hummus right along with it.   When the gyro came out, boyyyyy it looked so amazing. I think next time I'd wana try it with the lamb not chopped up into strips as one of my friends just had lamb bits in his gyro instead, bits big enough to be on the lamb skewers. Whatever "hummus" or whatever condiment the plate came out (tasted kinda cheesy, looked kinda purply tinted) was DELICIOUS. Went perfect with their tender garlic fries on the plate.   Such a surprising, pleasant, quaint restaurant. I loved it here I really want to take more friends here to try it out.  

                A great find near my work! (And apparently so for many others working in the area, so come early to beat the lunch rush!)  After living in Sunnyvale for a year, my favorite food has become Mediterranean food. Korean food has been super disappointing and there is only 1 Mexican place I really like. However, I have had much better Greek food here than in SoCal and I am excited that there are more and more great places that I keep discovering.  Athena Grill is the one currently at the top of my list! I love that their wraps come with an option of garlic fries or fresh fruit as a side. When trying to be healthy, I get the fruit. But for the other days, their garlic fries are fresh-cut and really good. But the Athena Olive Spread that comes with it is AMAZINGGG. I am a huge, huge, huge fan of it.  My favorite wraps are the Chicken Souvlaki, Lamb Souvlaki, and Eggplant. They are each very substantial and grilled perfectly!  

                I don't understand why this place is so highly rated. Food was very average. I tried the Gyro plate. It doesn't even come with rice. In every other Greek restaurant I have been, they serve rice with entree plates. Also it comes with a lot of French fries and bread?? Normally, in other places, they serve Greek potatoes instead of French Fries.   Moreover, Gyros are not authentic, it looks like sausage rather than the shaved Gyros you get in Greece.  

                Yum, yum, yum! Get their chicken souvlaki wrap with garlic fries. I always smear their olive dip all over my wrap. That olive spread is sooooo good, but I must warn you, people will be able to smell your garlic breath a mile away.  

                Went there today for my first time because I'm just visiting Santa Clara. The service was very friendly and prompt, barely waited five minutes for my hot fresh food. I got the gyro and it was amazing. Tons of meat, everything was fresh and flavorful. Came with pita bread and hummus for an appetizer and you got a side with your gyro all for just under $11. Very impressed and if I was from here I would be a frequent visitor.  

                Very good gyros and hummus. Looks very cute inside, unexpected given the neighborhood.  

                Dined here last night with a friend and we really enjoyed ourselves. Cute little restaurant with friendly, fast service. Upon sitting down they immediately brought us delicious homemade hummus and warm pita bread. We tasted a couple reds and then ordered a glass of cab, and the waiter gave us a really heavy pour!   We started off with the olive dip which was SO good. Smooth, creamy consistency similar to hummus but with a lovely olive and garlic flavor. If you love garlic, you will love this appetizer! It may be too heavy on the garlic for some, but I love garlic so it wasn't an issue for me.   For my entree I ordered the moussaka, which is basically a Greek lasagna. I actually wouldn't recommend this dish because it didn't taste fresh, in fact it seemed re-heated because the veggies were somewhat rubbery, the cheese wasn't fully melty, and it just wasn't hot like you would expect a dish that had just come out of the oven to be. I've had much, much better moussaka before.  My friend ordered the gyro and I wish I had ordered this! She let me have a bite and it was amazing. The meat was so flavorful and tender, the pita was warm and tasted freshly baked, and the tzatziki sauce was perfect. I'll order this next time.   Both of our dishes were served with really good garlic fries. So despite the mishap of my entree, everything else was great and I will definitely come here again. They have a nice outdoor patio area that would be great in the spring and summer!   For the olive dip, 2 glasses of wine, a gyro, and the mossaka, it was only $55. Split between the 2 of us it wasn't bad at all.  

                I was working around the corner and my coworker suggested this place. We called in our order (they have a menu available online) for lunch. If you're planning on taking the food to go, I highly suggest this. Skip the long line and just walk up to the counter & pay.   I've gotten the chicken soulvaki wrap, gyro wrap, and a lunch combo. (Not all at once. We ended up ordering from here more than 4x within 2 weeks!) The hummus is something special, and the pita bread is warm and fluffy. Chicken soulvaki was really good - not dry at all. Gyro was good, but nothing too special.  Also, Athena Grill is one of the few lunch places within the area. I've come back to Athena Grill whenever I work in the area!  

                I hired Athena Grill to provide catering for a sales meeting I was organizing.  The food was delivered hot, fresh and on time!  I would highly recommend Athena Grill for your next corporate event.. or even for an impromptu lunch.  Kind wait staff.  Very professional!  

                My girlfriend have been here couple times until we finally went together tonight. The place was beautiful, how the restaurant looked... Really made me feel like I'm in Greece. The service was great, we got seated automatically. But I didn't like the place where we sat... We were middle of two big tables which was weird cos people can easily see us eat. But other than that, the place was great. The service was good & our waited constantly checks up on us and refills our water. He lets us know why it took so long because I ordered the steak. The food was AMAZING. If you really like Greek food, you should definitely come here! You will not regret it.  

                This is a popular lunch place by work, for good reason. The plates are on the pricey side, but when you see the super generous portion sizes all will be forgiven.  The gyro wrap I got, with fries and a side salad, was delicious. The gyro is seasoned and cooked well, not overly salty. Their hummus and olive-spread (not tapenade, maybe it's an olive hummus?) is tasty and addicting.  Second time here I got the Athena salata with chicken. Huge portion that ended up lasting me three meals. The chicken was flavorful, but a teeny tiny bit on the dry side, but it's chicken breast, so what do you expect. Plus it's a huge pile of chicken dumped on not-overly-dressed-salad, so no complaints.  Next time I'll probably get the Athena salata with gyro - seems like a better balance of carbs/meat/greens for my taste :)  

                Went here during lunch hour from work. Very crowded and the owner greets everyone and thanks them for being there. I placed my order at the register and even left a large tip to ensure my food would be good and prompt. NOPE! People that arrived after us got there food before us. We waited 45 minutes to get our gyros and after we got up to complain. The Gyro was $10 and came with fries. Overall, the service left a bad taste in my mouth.  

                Delicious Greek place in the corporate parks of Santa Clara/SJ. Fills up quickly at lunch time, and at 11:55 the line was way out the door, though the owner walks through the line to assign seats and it wasn't too bad of a wait (still made it back to the office by 1pm), he's sweet.  I had a lamb soulvaki wrap, which was meaty and delicious, along with a spanikopita appetizer to share to start (that was aggressive, I'm really full). Wraps come with side of fries or fruit, and they give you a little basket of pita, bread and dip (I think it was hummus, I plowed through it before our meal came)  

                My friend suggested this place for greek food since she comes here regularly. I found street parking right outside. There is a huge patio if you want to enjoy your food outside. The inside is decorated in blue and white just like Santorini. This is a stand in line, order you food, and pay kind of place. I order the chicken souvlaki with a side of fruit $10.95. The chicken was moist and I loved the tangy lemon and yogurt flavor. Pita was yummy and warm. Reasonably paced service and clean restrooms. I will be back to try their other entrees. Excited to have found this place. I can see why it gets so packed during lunchtime.  

                This was impromptu thing.  Very good, soft and warm pita bread (which comes free) and the entree was also really good and had a good amount of quantity.  Really good place for a quiet place. Had some candles on table.  

                I seem to have an affinity for restaurants in bizarre isolated locations and this place is one of them. Tucked in the middle of a business park, this is quite a popular spot. We went in the evening and it was packed!  Gyros are delicious and prices are very reasonable.  

                Great food, the muzaka could be better, but everything else was delicious. If anything just stop by to meet Ronnie, awesome waiter, super funny.  

                I came here during lunch hour, at around 11:45. There were a LOT of people, but the line moved very quickly because there were multiple servers taking orders. Service is superb, as they bring out your order either inside or on the outdoor patio.   The chicken souvlaki wrap was great; tender meat, warm pita, what isn't to like? The fries are also made very well; I love the sauce that comes with them. The staff keeps checking in on you and making sure that everything is okay. One of the cute 60-year old servers came up to our table and gave us some extra fries, using the reasoning: "All you beautiful ladies are far too skinny! Fries on the house." What a player, damn...  

                This place is amazing, I would even say that it is my favorite restaurant in Santa Clara.  We always go for dinner on weekend nights, and the outdoor patio is always great, even when the restaurant is packed inside.  The food and wine is awesome.  I loooove the olive dip!    The best part about this place is definitely the stellar service; everyone is so nice and genuine!  Very refreshing.  

                I dropped by Athena's Grill for dinner awhile ago after playing airsoft at AEX so I had worked up quite an appetite.  Athena's Grill has outdoor seating, so I decided to eat outside.    First, I got the menu, free bread (pita and baguette bread,) hummus, and water.  I got my food rather quickly after I ordered a lamb gyro with fries and a Greek salad.  The bus boys always checked on me periodically to make sure everything was OK.  (It wasn't really busy when I was there though, so your experience might differ.)    The food was excellent.  I thought the lamb gyro was very interesting.  It actually contained lamb meat instead of that mixed "Halal" beef and lamb combo slices that most other gyro places use.  Feta cheese was used in place of Tzatziki sauce.  I really enjoyed the taste of the lamb mixed with Feta cheese.  It was soo good.  I guess that's probably the main difference between a Greek Gyro and a Middle Eastern Gyro.  I will warn you though - the lamb and cheese makes your farts smell fuckin' gnarly, so if you are on a date, go fart in the bathroom instead of silently letting it out next to him or her.  You will both instantly gag and choke to death.  The Greek salad was pretty good... no complaints.  The fries were OK, but lacking a bit of "oomph!"  After I finished my meal, I asked a bus boy to box up my remaining leftover salad and fries.  After 5 mins I ask again.  It seems like someone must have assumed my leftovers were trash and threw it away.  However, the bus boy hooked it up and gave me fresh salad and fries to go.  Wow.  So nice.. ^.^  I really enjoyed my meal, and I would gladly eat at this hidden gem again.  The price was fair for the quality of the food and the service.  Keep it up guys!  

                Wow, this review is waaaaaaay overdue!  Love the warm, fresh pita bread. It's been so long, though what I remember, hummus was **** very smooth! This place is like a family owned business, generous portions and they aim to please, at least that's the experience I had. I had the lamb gyro and they make it just like they do back in Greece. I wish I could eat here every day- though I would be way to plump! They're food is great without all the bells and whistles of most fine dining establishments.  Service**** Food**** Overall****  

                I've been coming to this place for 7 years, and it's still just as good as the first time my lips met their French fries. Wow!   Really everything is so good, so I won't suggest a certain item.  Make sure you get plenty of their special "purple" sauce for the fries.  

                OMG! This place is delightful! What a find. The vibe in this place is perfect: bright white walls with blue accents, greek music in the background, happy diners, delicous food....First the warm pita and sourdough arrives with some of the best hummus I've ever had.  I barely had time to eat one pita when our lunch plates arrived.  I ate the best falafel ever, served with three dipping sauces, a giant plate of garlic fries and greek salad.  The servers were so gracious!  Oh, and they have outdoor dining. Lemon blossoms perfuming the air....all it's missing is the sparkling sea.  

                This place is amazing the owner george is going between tables and really takes care of the customets.the place is authentic and greek music is playing.i loved the food.but consider that the prices are a little expensive  

                Food - good portions, definitely enough for one, also a late snack id you cant finish at the restaurant.  Quality - amazing quality, fresh and delicious.  Service - superb, the owner/manager attentive to all of their customers, either dining inside or outside.  I deducted one star because of the delay of food. I went during lunch rush (peak hours) 12-2. It was well worth the wait, but I wish the food just got to me sooner. Definitely will come back during non peak hours to try other dishes!!  

                This is another place where I will go every so often with my coworkers for lunch. We like it because it gives ample and good vegetarian options. It can get pretty busy and crowded during peak lunch hours and parking can be a pain, but it's all worth it.  I usually get the lamb souvlaki. It's pretty good and the portion size is nice. It comes with garlic fries (or fruit) and those are sooo guuud, especially with the olive sauce.  I've had the salmon plate before and it's also very good. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. I will go back soon.  

                What a hidden gem this is! Kind of off the beaten path but well worth the drive. Sat outside on a lovely day and enjoyed our meal here.  Service was friendly and efficient, hummus and pita bread was total comfort food and the lamb, oh the lamb was absolutely perfect. We had two different lamb dishes and both were outstanding. Mine was skewered and cooked just right, tender and juicy. My dining partner had lamb chops and she also raved about the meat. I had rice and she had french fries and they were both equally delish!  Can't wait to bring Mr. S here soon!  

                Middle of nowhere oasis of Greek food! And especially no need to find parking!!!  

                My co-workers and I have this theory that either Athena Grill and Asteria Grill (in Sunnyvale) are owned by the same people.  Or that one of them stole all the recipes from the other restaurant.  Either way this is probably my 2nd favorite Greek spot (behind Asteria) and it's simply due to the lack of space this place has for seating and parking.  Logistics aside, the greek food here is amazing. I usually get the beef or lamb gyro and french fries.  Everything tastes fresh and the fries dipped in the purple sauce is amazing.  

                One of my favorite Greek restaurants.  The chicken souvlaki plate is consistently good, fries always good with the side of olive dip. I tried the vegetarian moussaka last time and it was delicious. Didn't miss the meat at all and very filling.  Service is always super nice, attentive and with food as good as this, I always go to Athena's for Greek when in the area.   Lunch lines can make the service slow during the weekdays so be prepared. If you do during the business week at lunch be prepared to walk a bit for parking since the parking lot is fairly small. Worth the 2 minute walk from down the street though!  

                Really great place first time there good food good menu selection service was excellant  

                Over the past five years I have tried this place about five times and every time I have been disappointed by their food taste. Few days ago I had their "Mousaka". This was the most tasteless combination of eggplant, ground beef, ... that anyone could possibly make. I can make much better tasting food than this place and I am not a cook. They think garlic is such a great tasting spice and they just blast all their food including their fries with tons of garlic.  Their garlic fries taste terrible. The only good thing about this place is its location as it is away from traffic and you can enjoy CA sun while eating (or not eating in my case).  

                Athena Grill offers tasty food; however, it's a bit pricey.  Food: I ordered the Lamb Souvlaki Plate, which came with lamb that was marinated, skewered, and broiled.  The meal also came with a bunch of sides that included fries, rice, salad, French bread, pita bread, tzatziki sauce, and hummus.  The lamb was extremely tasty and cooked perfectly. The sides were good, but they weren't standouts.  The meal only came with one skewer, so after I devoured the meal, I was still hungry. I felt that given the $18.95 cost of the meal, there should've been more meat.  Sides Notes  Ambiance: There's lots of seating inside and some seating outside.  Service: The staff was very friendly and patient. My food also came out pretty quick, considering they were pretty busy.  Overall: The plates are pricey, but the food is good!  

                Service and seating was prompt and courteous  Food in general was very good  Ordered starters and given their generous portions felt full before the entrées came around  Ordered sword fish, chicken and lamb soulaki -thumb sucking good,  Advice to skip the starters for the entrée Will come around again if in town  

                This is a close second to Mikonos in Milpitas.   The gyros and meat plates comes with huge portions of salad/fresh fries. The perfect serving- not too much, not too little. The lunch crowd here gets a little crazy but they are so good about moving the line along.  

                I'm not a big fan of falafel, but their falafel pita is amazing. Everything tastes very fresh and the staff is friendly. The outdoor patio is great lunch spot on a sunny afternoon. Only negative I'd note is that this is an only in sunshine establishment for me, as I'm a little claustrophobic, and if there's a long line of people ordering, the indoor eating area would make me uncomfortable. But a long line is definitely a good sign off how tasty the food is, and the patio is very pleasant.  

                This place is such a hidden gem! Luckily, I have been with the Vanguard organization a couple years, so I have had the pleasure of dining here a couple times.  You really can't go wrong with any of the wraps. Such a big portion wrapped in soft pita. I've had both the beef gyro and the portabello mushroom wraps and both were very satisfying with fresh veggies included. AND they come with a side of fruit or french fries. Say what you want about the price, but I think for this quality food it's just about right.  I also had the pleasure of having the dolmades plate... I'm not an expert of Meditteranean food, but what an upgrade to dolma! The savory beef with the sour and salty grape leaf, topped with a creamy, delicious lemon sauce is amazing. Are you drooling now? Because I hope so.  The people are friendly and they bring out some complimentary hummus and pita/bread with your meal, which is also great! The parsley sets it off. If you are ever out here for lunch, do yourself a favor and check this place out.  

                I have been here numerous times for various office luncheon parties.  I love the owner, he is super friendly :) The ambiance is reminiscent of Greece with its white and blue colors. It tends to get super crowded during lunch hours but we never had a problem getting a table as long as we called a day before.  Coming to the food, it is very good. The portions are extremely generous. We got a sampler with 5 options and we got more than 5 items. We were 7 and still couldn't complete them all. I got to try the chicken soulvaki plate and the grilled chicken and rice bowled me over. I am not a fan of the vegetable side that came with the dish though. I also shared a wrap with a friend. The chicken in both the dishes was extremely well cooked and flavorful.  

                Craving delicious Greek food? Athena in Santa Clara should definitely be on your radar. I work in the area so I am only here for lunch. Calling in your order is a must. I will admit, I haven't been adventurous with my choices but only because my "go-to" item is so freakin' good!  Athenian Pita w Greek Fries $10.95 - Grilled marinated chicken breast strips with roasted peppers and onion,  wrapped in warm pita with spring greens, feta, tomato, onion and Tzatzíki.  Doesn't that just sound absolutely delicious? Not only does it taste amazing but it has a nice crisp fresh taste. Not to mention the portion, very generous. I always struggle to finish it. It is messy but oh so good.  Don't be fooled by Athena Grills' industrial location.  They are a solid Greek joint. I wouldn't go out my way to get here but if you are in the area, I highly recommend it.  *Tip - enter their parking lot on Space Park Dr. or do like me and park on Space Park Dr. right next to the restaurant.  

                The place was OK. I like the place of the previous owner (Asteria grill) better though. The food was good for a simple lunch. I had the falafel wrap. I would suggest to some friends if they happen to be in the area and need something simple and decent.  

                I love this place.  Great food, extremely reasonably priced.  They are welcoming and accommodating.  Lunch rush in insane, try to get there before noon.  All the standard greek food is top notch: gyros, hummus, and the athena dip is special!!  They also do catering, whenever I have an event - this is my go-to.  

                You know this place is good when you see actual Greek people come here and eat. I love Greek food and this place definitely does not disappoint. I would say that this is one of the best places in San Jose to get Greek food. It is a small restaurant and it gets extremely busy during lunchtime, so try and get there before noon so you can get a comfortable spot.  Each table gets free pita, bread, and hummus. It was great to nibble on something while we waited for our food. I ordered the Lamb Pita, which included lamb thinly sliced grilled with onion and roasted peppers wrapped in a warm pita with spring greens, tomato, onion, feta and tzatzíki. Also all sandwiches, wraps, and pitas come with fries. It was a little pricey for lunch, but the amount and quality they give you evens out.  The only critique that I have is that they need to be a little more organized. My coworker didn't get her food until 15 mins after a fellow coworker and I got our food. They were very apologetic, but they told her that they lost her order and they were going to bring it out right away. I understand that lunch is crazy, but if they have a more efficient system then maybe orders wouldn't get lost. Overall, I will definitely be coming back.  

                Went back there and ordered the gyro plate and a impossible to pronounce cross between a cheesecake and baclava. Again, I was disappointed, the gyro was not very flavorful but came in large quantity, the cheesecake was bland and the guju inside me had to put it away.  Till next time when we can't decide where to go for lunch.  

                Athena grill.. Oh how you disappoint me!  I wanted some falafels and was meeting a friend near her work. Athena grill came up on yelp an ofcourse I blindly followed.  The falafel wasn't Green enough or crunchy enough. The hummus wasn't very flavorful and I was underwhelmed over all!  Yelp you let me down!!  

                Athena Grill has the best Greek food in the Santa Clara area! With my co-workers, Its always on the top of our list as a spot to grab lunch. Some of my favorites are the gyro sandwich, swordfish pita, and of course you can't forget their french fries. Their hummus is delicious, and it's included with every meal.   Recently, our company used Athena Catering for our corporate event. Their catering menu is extremely affordable, and they offer you a large amount of food per person. We ordered the gyro meat, falafels, vegetables, rice, chicken souvlaki, greek salad, and bread and dips. Everyone RAVED about the food :)!    Giovanni ,the caterer, quickly set up our catering order, and made the extra effort to pick up the warming dishes as well. Taki, the manager, was extremely helpful and responsive when we were processing our catering order. Overall, we had a wonderful catering experience from Athena Grill. I highly recommend using Athena Grill for catering, and we will definitely be using them for any future corporate events.  

                Whoa, how have I never tried Athena Grill?!!??! I've been working in the area for awhile now and it was my first time...WHY?!   Got myself the Gyro plate and was mighty pleased. For ~12$ it was loaded w/ food. (Meat, pita bread, salad, side of more bread!!) And it wasn't bad food either. SUPER NOMSY. I would definitely come back, no questions asked!!! I think I'm in love...  Just minus one star cause there's barely any parking around the restaurant.... Well, I guess the walk isn't too bad but if you're like me, being able to find parking is a big deal....  

                Athena needs a rescue plan because the last few times have been pretty disappointing with both the time it took to get the food and the way it was overcooked to the near burnt out. It would be sad to lose this place as customers seem to be fewer than before. I hope the management gets things under control.  

                I came here for lunch on a week day with a friend of mine. Though we arrived at 11.45, there was a long line ahead of us. I ordered a Lamb Soulaki, which comes with pita bread and hummus, a choice of fresh fruit or fries. Once you pay at the counter, you pick up your number and take a seat. The food came to our tables after a few minutes.  The tables are so cluttered and you'll be so close to people on either sides of the table that you'll have to simply forget about having a conversation here.  I liked my lamb soulaki, but nothing was extraordinary about the meal. Might come again when I'm in the neighborhood, but certainly wouldn't take a trip out of my way just to eat here.  

                I would say that the service is the best. I think people could learn a little from watching them operate. I would assume that People come back mostly for the environment and service. I didn't see anything else near by that was of much caliber. The food was just average to me, maybe because they have to mass prepare food for their extremely busy little hole in the wall.   I ordered the shaved lamb plate. It seemed fattier than the usual lamb I have eaten with not much flavor. Maybe if I asked for it spicy it would have been better. The hummus was average. The purple dip sauce that had an olive flavor was actually really good. I normally don't eat French fries but since they were on my plate, I gave them a try. They were actually very good garlic fries. The salad was a little limp, again probably because they are so busy that they pre prepare it?  If I was judging solely on the plate I ordered I would have given it a 3 star rating. I gave it 4 stars because the people are amazing. I tend to support places where the people are good with the hopes that they accept positive feedback. Maybe they could change where they buy the ground lamb and add a little spice or heat as an option.   I would come back.  

                Solid place for gyros! I was craving these badly and I left completely satisfied.  PARKING: They have a small parking lot located in the back. My boyfriend and I came after the lunch rush so it was easy finding a spot, but I could see it getting packed fast during lunch or dinner.  SERVICE: Order at the register in the front first, then choose where you want to sit. They have plenty of seating, indoors and outdoors.  It was pretty dead and my boyfriend and I were only one of three parties at the time. I noticed the lady brought utensils to the other parties, but never brought it to us. It was fine, I just grabbed them myself.   FOOD: They give you complimentary hummus with warm pita and french bread. The hummus was delicious, creamy, and flavorful, which paired really well with the warm and soft pita.  I ordered the Gyro plate with french fries. They even show you how to pronounce gyro on their menu by putting Yiro in parentheses haha. The gyro was made up of a large warm pita filled with 3 big slices of meat, tomatoes, onions, and tzatziki sauce drizzled on top. Huge portion that was completely satisfying! The gyro also came with seasoned french fries that came with a creamy olive dip.  My boyfriend ordered the Spanakopita, which was two large pieces of savory pastry filled with layers of phyllo dough, spinach, feta cheese, and onions. It came with a side of seasoned fries and Greek salad. He seemed like he enjoyed it! We both left this place full and happy. I will definitely be back here when I'm craving gyros(yiros) again.  

                It gets busy during lunch!   With the countless positive reviews Athena Grill has I was ready for a great dining experience when I came here for lunch. It was just as expected - packed with the line out the door. Fortunately my friend had arrived a bit earlier and both ordered food for me and got a table without waiting.   I enjoyed trying the food there but I guess I expected something different in terms of the taste of the gyro pita i ordered. Maybe next time if I ever return I will go with what I wanted to initially order and get the Falafel gyro instead.  Tip 1: Street parking seemed limited and full around the area and the business people definitely get angry if you try to park in their lot to dine here... Don't get caught ;)  Tip 2: I definitely recommend coming a little before lunch time during the weekday because ALL of the working professionals in the area will be flocking here by the time lunch hits  

                Pretty decent Greek place for lunch in this area... Wouldn't go out if my way to come here but if you work in the area its really one of the only few options.   Nice and bright inside with great outdoor seating. Generous portions, too. Will be back.  

                Didn't have a good experience last time we were here. Our waiter just seemed grumpy from the get go. We had the other waiter last time...and he was ok. The girl that was clearing tables and doing refills was awesome both times. She was really friendly. Wish we could give her a tip.   This time aside from the grumpy waiter we had a couple other issues. We saw him once after we ordered and got our food. Another group came in...I'll call them self absorbed selfie types. Whatever. But our waiter was totally pandering to them. They ordered wine...beer...etc. So obviously he was pandering to them because he's going to get a bigger tip from them. We waited for 15 plus minutes for our check. He walked past us every time to go out to the "selfie type's table". Aside from all the pandering...he was out there taking pictures with them...it was just really off putting.   My food was good. I like their food. However, my husband had this weird bone in his. It looked like a fish bone...but he got the lamb gyro. Not sure what that was. He also had this weird lettuce/very thick stalk thing in his wrap. I was pretty gross looking.   Our visit ended with my husband going up to the counter and asking for our bill. Waiter seemed aloof. Tried to sell us dessert. Husband left him a fat zero for a tip. Our son was watching from our table, he's 9, and he was outraged at the mean glare we got from said waiter.   Don't think we'll be back. Which is sad. Just a really bad experience. I feel like the waiter had us at the bottom of his list because we ordered 3 gyro plates, and were just cool with water. We got a bit of an eye roll when we said no to beer or whatever.   I hope he realizes that we're nice people and glad to give big tips. We don't need to order a ton of wine etc. to give a big tip. We just need to feel like we're not second class citizens and be treated with some kindness???   Whatever.  

                Great Greek food.  Very crowded 11:40 to 12:40; go early or late for lunch.  

                4 star for the restaurant and food.   0 star for the owner who purposely ignores me every time. I don't know what I have done wrong to this owner in my life.   Their food is still great!  

                This place is in such a weird location, an industrial building in an industrial area but they have a huge line out the door everyday for lunch. First tip, show up early or late or you'll wait. The line goes pretty quick but there is limited seating so keep that in mind.  At the end of the line they have a person who takes your order, they pass you onto the next person who is the cashier with your drinks, you pay and they give you a numbered block that you set on your table, and then your food is delivered to you. The whole process goes pretty smoothly and I've never been there where the seating didn't work out. The tables usually have a basket with some pita and french bread along with some tasty hummus dip. Second tip, don't forget to grab your silverware at the front counter just before you order. (If you forget, the owner will exclaim "How do you go to war without any weapons?" true story).     Now that that is out of the way, the food here is ridiculous, you would never guess by the location but I was introduced to this place by a real live Greek, that says something. I almost always get the Gyro plate, its like a de-constructed Gyro sandwich on a plate. You get a Greek salad with Olives, Feta, Tomatoes, Cucumber, Red Onion, and Greens in a light dressing, all very fresh. You get a few pieces of pita bread cut into quarters piled high with the Gyro Beef strips and a mound of Tatziki sauce. And last but not least, the french fries, these are quite possibly the best fries you will have. They are fried crispy and seasoned with herbs and served with an olive tapenade dip that really cant be beat.     I love this place and will always come back!  

                My tears blot this fresh ink as the taste of Athena lingers on my tongue (ie I have monster garlic breath).  This used to be our own little haunt, the closest & bestest restaurant when we lived in north Santa Clara. It's hidden away in an industrialish business park where you would expect to find bearded men with flannel shirts and back support braces driving forklifts. But don't let its hermit-like appearance fool you--wizardly culinary powers exist within.  ***SPREADS & DIPS - Tzatzíki, Tirokafterí, Hummus, Olive Oil  You get a little basket of warm pita & bread when they seat you. Toss the bread, it's the pita we're interested in. They'll usually give you some hummus, which is decent, but if you're buddy-buddy with the servers, they'll often slip you some Tzatzíki or Tirokafterí (Feta cheese, metzithra, ricotta blended with hot peppers, spices & olive oil). These are both yum yum. But what nobody seems to do (hence what you must do) is grab one of those cruets of olive oil from the counter--according to the former Greek boss lady (who imported them herself from her home in Kalamata), pick the cloudiest & greenest one you can find (I know that some experts say otherwise, but I trust the source here)--this is literally the best olive oil I've ever tasted in my life. You can tell that it's not mixed with peanut oil like those from the grocery store--super bold and robust flavor, slight olivey bitterness. I dip pretty much everything in it--I could freaking bathe in it.  ***GYRO (YIRO) PITA - Thin-sliced beef wrapped in warm pita, topped with spring greens, tomato, onion, and tzatzíki. Served with fresh cut fries.  This is a little fancier (and much more delicious imo) than the gyros in Greece, which tend to be fast food or street food versions. The pita here is warm and seems to stay supple the whole time (rare), the meat is extremely soft & succulent, the tomatoes are juicy and onions crisp, and the spring greens add oh so much more than crappy Safeway lettuce everybody else uses. I'd slather tzatzíki all over my naked body if I could.  And for the love of all things holy, get fries with your wrap! Many a fool has gotten the fruit or the salad (both meh) and missed out on one of the defining features of this restaurant, the Athena Olive Spread (Kalamata olives blended with garlic and mayonnaise). This stuff is potent--it's like aioli sauce with a fresh olive punch. I can't think of anything more suitable to dip these lightly fried, lightly salted, parsley garnished, soft & delicious fries in. And I usually don't even like fries!  ***GREEK SALÁTA - Spring greens, tomato, red onion, cucumber, roasted pepper, Kalamata olives, and feta, tossed with our Greek olive oil vinaigrette dressing  I've gotten this a few times--you'd assume it'd be great, but it's really not. Salads in Greece are much better, with a huge brick of feta on the greens and big hoops of fresh red onions. The spring greens in this case lack the proper crunch, the feta and other veggies are practically nonexistent, and the olive oil vinaigrette is too vinegary (boring vinegar, btw) and doesn't pack the olive oil punch. You might as well skip this.  ***GRECIAN FEAST - Dolmades, spanakopita, briami, chicken souvláki, lamb souvláki and fileto souvláki served with rice and vegatable  Ranged from average to decently yum. But frankly, several of these items aren't great in Greece either. The one piece of Dolmades (grape leaves filled with a blend of ground beef, rice, and herbs) was decent and had that tangy grape leaf punch, but I prefer the leaves a little firmer. The Spanakopita (phýllo dough pastry with spinach, feta, egg, etc.) was pretty good too, but not omg good. Didn't care for the briami, which is essentially Greek ratatouille. The 3 souvlákis had nice charred flavor and were properly spiced, but they weren't juicy enough. Interestingly, the rice below them was a bit oily--maybe that's where it all went.  ***YIAOURTI - Home made Greek yogurt topped with chopped walnuts and mountain honey  I love that they have this here--I don't see it at other Greek restaurants. It's pretty yummy (especially the walnuts, which are toasted to perfection), but it's just nothing compared to how it is in Greece, with yogurt so thick that you serve it on a plate rather than in a bowl, huge chunks of buttery cream on top, and honey is so fresh that freaking bees bring it to you. They say "mountain honey" here, yeah, but I asked for more honey once and watched them pull out the Safeway generic plastic tube. Oh well.  (this is the real deal, btw: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stani1931.gr%2Ffiles%2FDSCN0948.JPG&s=d15b123664898a936b85d8612efb1aea9e870e4116c7dd8e7cd535148ab415fd" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">stani1931.gr/files/DSCN0…</a>)  ALL IN ALL:  I fully recognize that not every dish at a restaurant will be stellar--what's important to me is that Athena's gyro and fries with the olive garlic dip keep me groveling for more--I believe that's the definition of a 5 star.  

                My fav greek place ! Absolutely delicious food...whatever you get will blow you mind and make you come back for more..They even sell Olive oil that is made from greek olives. I've asked my boy to bring me some next time he goes lunching there without me :-|  

                I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place. This place is a great place to come to but can be super busy during lunch time. I love ordering their falafel plate or gyro plate and it comes with salad and french fries and a olive dipping sauce that is so addicting. They give out free pita bread and hummus while you are waiting and they have baked goods you can take home to enjoy later. The people are really nice and there isn't anything there that I've eaten that I haven't liked. The appetizer sampler is a really good dish too, filling and can be a meal in it's own. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/athena-grill-santa-clara?select=hx7gBQUkf5ZJ0rz0qVcupQ#hx7gBQUkf5ZJ0rz0qVcupQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/athe…</a>  

                Ive never had greek food before but man oh man this place was really good  Came here on a tuesday with some co workers because one our managers is retiring and wanted to take us out to lunch.  It was pretty busy but we got our food pretty fast.  The service was great and the food was amazing.  I got the Garlic Lamb pita wrap with fries.  The lamb was so juicy and tender and the pita just topped it off to make it one of the best wraps Ive ever had.  The fries were delicious with a small hint of garlic. The fries remind me of in n out fries because they look very similar but with a hint of garlic and I LOVE in n out fries.  Overall this place is a must try.    It is kinda pricey but totally worth it.  Ill be back again.  

                when i first got here, i thought i had been here before.  it turns out, i had gone to another greek restaurant in a sunnyvale office park that looked very similar.  i wonder why there are so many of these greek restaurants near offices in sunnyvale.  anyway, to start, they bring you warm pita w/ hummus.  we also got an order of an olive and mayo dip that was yummy.  my friend practically ate 2 baskets of bread w/ the dip before his entree arrived.  i got the greek salad w/ shrimp, and it was 4 gigantic shrimp.  it was really nice and made for a light dinner.  

                Pro: BEST HUMMUS EVER  Con: weird little industrial setting in the dark, scary for first timers.  I came here due to a delay flight. I figured, I might as well try one more local SJ place before I fly off and this is the place according to Yelp that's close to the freeway. Holy crap, did Athena Grill lived up to the legend.  I was helped by Tacy, his service and attention to detail nothing short of a manic ADHD mental ward patient. Upon entering the place, I was greeted by him in a family like manner. He listened to me about trying the place out before flying out and wants something quick to go. He convinced me to eat the meal there and promise to bring me the food out asap. Below is the highlights  Athena olive spread - kalamata olive blended with garlic &mayonnaise - amazing  Hummus - chickpea & tahini, lemon juice garlic, olive, parsley  skewer is so so.  Good juicy veggie  So the protein wasn't a hit with me, but the olive spread and hummus? I am willing to go back to SJ just for those two items.  This is a must stop if you are traveling and a blessing for the locals.  

                Great food and fast service.  It's a little bit pricy for lunch but lots of food.  Bread included.  The fry's is different but good.  They also have vegetarian dishes.  

                I was just in Greece less than a month ago, so I'm super judgey face. Came here based on awesome reviews and was not let down.  Our waiter was nice and provided us with always filled water glasses. At one point, the boyfriend had to say no more.  We ordered the triage of dips with pita/bread, pastitio, and mousaka.   The dips were fantastic, as was the pita and hummus. The pastitio was tasty, though not as much pasta as we had in Greece. More cheese, for sure. The mousaka was ok. It had zucchini, which we weren't used to, but still, pretty good. The fries were good.  The portion size is huge and the service is great. I would recommend this place for sure. It's pretty authentic and tasty.  

                Greek ketchup. Yum Yum Yum!   Definitely enjoy this place and always look forward to coming back. Their soon getting a liquor license and a nice glass or wine will add to the delicious experience.  

                Ever since eating here the first time, I've been frequenting it much more often. The line is out the door but moves fairly quickly. You can also call in to get a reservation if your party is large enough..I believe I called in with 6 and it was ok.   I've tasted their Gyro, the meat was tasty and the pita tasted so fresh. Sometimes they add too much tzatziki sauce though, so I would ask for it on the side. It comes with garlic-y oh so yum fries!   Their Mousaka is another one of my favorites here. It's a must try but be warned it might need to be shared with two people as the portions at this place is plentiful.   The Spanakopita was the only miss at this location. It had a taste to it that wasn't pleasing to my palette. It was very...sour? I am not sure but definitely not ordering this again.   If you're in the area, I would definitely recommend dining here.  

                All the ingredients are very fresh. Owner is awesome and friendly. The chicken wrap is my go-to. The fries are really good as well. Very nice environment as well. Go check it out.  

                Heard about their garlic fries and kalamata sauce. Really good. Also had the beef and lamb stuffed peppers. Love this. Had a great tomato sauce with it. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the salad could have been better. It only had one olive and not much feta. But the cucumbers were thick and the lettuce was crisp. I would definitely come back.  

                I love the food here! The first time i ate here, I had one of the wraps, so the next time I went back, I had a a gyro plate, and although I didn't think it was as good, it was still really tasty. The portions are decent, and they offer free pita and dip at your table.  It gets crowded by noon, so be sure to arrive early for lunch.  

                Excellent!  I've been here a few times, and every time the food has been superb.  The staff are so friendly and helpful too. It has a great atmosphere too. It's a little expensive, but well worth it.  Large portions of delicious food.    I love the mixed plate, with lamb and chicken souvlaki (greek form of Kebabs). The accompanying rice and salad are excellent, as well as the pita and hummus.   You won't be disappointed.  

                My coworker was telling me about Athena and I had to check it out.  Came for lunch and it seemed pretty crowded.  Went inside and looked at the menu.  The Chicken Souvlaki was calling my name.  Ordered and scanned for a table.  Was able to find a table to fit my party of 7.  Pitta bread and humus/tzatziki were bought out to the table.  I liked the humus because it was very garlicy and had a good consistancy.  The Chicken Souvlaki did not disappoint.  The tender and juicy chicken was served on a few green lettuce and tzatziki sauce.  It was heaveny in my mouth.  I would recommend this place in the South Bay looking for a good Greek place.  

                Got apology letter from them; and after I did Went back to try their food again. This time they were great, service was awesome, place was super clean and in the end their food was delicious. I would love to try them again this time.  Thank you!!  

                A friend told me about this place while I was traveling in area.  I stopped in one night for a bite by myself.  Sorta a weird location, thought my Uber was lost!  In middle of business area. I sat outside, service was fast, Friendly and on top of it.  So I ordered up the Combination/Pikilia  -Pastitsio, mousaká, spanakopita and gyros meat with tomato, onions and tzatziki, and last but not least fresh cut fries with garlic..  A huge plate of food soon arrived and I dug in.  All I can say is everything was excellent!  Very well seasoned, no blandness, fresh, and just downright tasty.  There was so much that I couldn't finish all the fries, but not for lack of trying.  Not only was the food great and service on the ball; the prices here are a great deal; great fresh food it was very comfortable place to just sit on the patio and relax while eating.   Worth a stop if you are hungry and want some great Greek Food!  

                Note to self:  Don't stuff yourself even though the lamb gyro was so tender and delicious.  The wrap was so soft.  Thank goodness someone had the garlic fries even though I tried to be healthy and had the side of fruits.  I couldn't help to eat the fries with the delicious olive dip.  I love how attentive the staff were when they brought a basket of hummus with bread and very soft pita bread when we sat down!  How did they read our mind that we were starving?  Everything was so fresh, the lettuce and tomato.  They are so kind and generous to give us a few more of those baskets. Request to owner: please do something about the flies.  Not sure why we had to shoo them away while we were eating.  It reminded me of the children's book.  Sorry, but got to mention,  their lady's restroom is so clean.  This place makes me want to wish for extra stomachs so that I can eat more.  Everybody's plate seems so inviting.  This is the protocol:  Go line up and order first, get your number and sit yourself down inside or outside, eat your hummus, and wait  for them to serve your food.  I was told that the lunch is like this, but dinner time, you get waited on.  This was very enjoyable food.  The baklava looks really good too.  

                #142. Stopped by after yoga practice one day.  I got a lamb souvlaki and garlic fries on the go (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=iv4YhOgCU2_wcRHX8dPQNg&userid=qEdxnnadZ2tcU9JOXjnGdw">yelp.com/user_local_phot…</a>).  The garlic fries were a bit soggy, which was disappointing.  But the lamb made up for it.  I loved the wrap and the sauce (wish I knew the name!) paired with it perfectly.  They didn't skimp on the lamb and I appreciated that.  __________ My 2¢: - If you don't mind a late lunch, get here at 1:30 pm and you will save yourself a long wait. - Bring your Santa Clara library card for a 10% discount.  

                I have eaten at Athena Grill a few times and love the lamb chops. Everything there seems like it's made with care and presented very nicely.  I recently had Athena Grill cater my son's birthday party and the experience and food were top-notch. We had about 30 people and everyone loved it. We went for the prix fixe menu and had a great mix of dishes: -chicken souvlaki -tri-tip w/ vegetables -vegetable briani -pita/baguettes and a variety of hummus & other spreads -rice, salad, fresh fruit,   The price per person was very reasonable. I would highly recommend Athena for a corporate or any other event. The staff is very accommodating.  

                Athena Grill is in a bit of a strange location. Sort of nestled in a business park but, don't let that fool you. This place is awesome. Food was very well prepared. The portions were much larger than I expected. Ended up taking home a full meal. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because even though it was great, I've had better.  

                Had dinner here  tonight for the  first time, arrived with no reservation at 6 pm, was seated immediately.  Excellent authentic food, the Spanakopita was outstanding!  Our server  Giovanni, was very attentive and went above and beyond making sure we had a great dining experience.  Since we are from out of town we were  doubly satisfied on both the quality of food and service.  

                This restaurant is near where I work but I did not know this place until my friend took me there. I would say this is one of the best greek restaurant that I have been to. The place is quite big and they also have patio seating outside but it can be very packed during lunch time. They also have a good selection of food that you can choose from. Overall, they provided good food and services.  

                This place had an owner change but the quality and service remains the same Great! It's a great for team luncheon and just lunch in general. I highly recommend this place as the god is good and well portioned.  

                I was in the mood for some falafel's, and thought I would give this place a try. I took my dad, and between us we had the salmon, and the falafel plate. The falafel's were okay, a little over fried, and lacking flavor for my taste. The salmon was much better, cooked perfectly, although was definitely lacking a bit of heat. If it had that, it would definitely have been worth the price. Overall I wouldn't come back here again, being the prices don't really match the quality.  

                Their lamb souvlaki is truly addictive, and that Athena dip that comes with the fries is so yummy!  I come here for lunch usually, but tried it for dinner on a weekday and turned out great. The atmosphere, service, and of course the great food, everything is just right.  Will definitely come for dinner more often now.  

                Awesome food. Awesome service. Awesome staff. I eat here pretty much once a week (almost always Gardenean Salad) so they know me well. One time I mentioned that they had made a SLIGHT mistake the previous time I had ordered that salad. Alan told me that if it ever happened again, to let them know right away. A few weeks later it did happen again, but I didn't realize it until I got back to my office. So I called Alan and told him, and he asked "Where's your office?" I told him it wasn't a big deal, and not to worry about it. But he INSISTED, so I told him. Next thing you know, he shows up out in front of  my office with the correct order!  The family who owns this place is fantastic. They have a customer for life here!  

                I ordered cup of soup and mixed grill plate.  The first I want to notice is a super good hummus.  Soup is on a cold side which is OK for that kind of vegetarian soups. Vegetables are slightly overcooked. A lot - really lot - oil. Probably teaspoon and half of extra oil in a small cup. That is a way too much fat.  The plate was so-so. Vegetables are hardly overcooked and too oily. Salad dressing is fatty and very sugary - the worst possible combination. Rice is oily and sweet (yes, rice is sweet). Chicken kabob is slightly overcooked. Lamb cabob is good.  BTW, kabob marinade is really good here.  Bottom line. By default the food is oily, oversweet and overcooked here. Unhealthy. Overpriced. To get some good food try a custom order. Two stars at max.  

                Ok so this place is hard to find and its in the middle of office buildings but it's worth the trip and the food is amazing. The lamb souvlaki is perfect and the sauce you get with the fries is really tasty. It's the best Greek food I've had outside the city.  

                DELICIOUS.  Make a phone order if you are in a rush. Parking is limited, but you just gotta get in, pick up, pay, and eat. I ordered the beef gyro pita with fries, came out to be around $9. Probably one of the better gyros I've had because everything is compacted and organized into the paper compartment- this way it reduces spillage! Just an FYI- if you order the gyro platter, it will not come wrapped up and with a side salad. The garlic fries... are pretty much heavenly goodness. Comes with this awesome olive spread. I don't like olives, but this spread is CRACK, and you need to try it regardless.  After coming here, I was daydreamining about how great it was the next day and can't wait to be back!  

                Great appetizers. Steak was not so great but the appetizers made up for it.  The cheese app was something I loved and know I will have a hard time finding elsewhere.  

                Love, love, love the fries...yes, I'm weird but you haven't tried the olive mayo-like thing that comes with it...  I've had the lunch options and haven't gone wrong with anything I've tried, I do favor the lamb chops though - well done, moist and tasty.  I had to order to go once and waited over 25 mins but the staff was very nice and kept checking in on me.  Just wished it was closer to home, but for now, close to work is great.  

                We came here for lunch for a co-worker's birthday. Even though it was packed, the line to order moved very quickly. Also, even though they have a policy of table reservations for 5 or more, they are quickly and courteously able to seat our part of 3. The pita bread and hummus which came complimentary was amazing. My gyro pita had the perfect amount of tzatziki and a generous serving of beef.  

                Wanted Opa! but was unwilling to drive there.  Then I remembered that Athena Grill is right around the corner and decided to try it out.  Nice little joint in an odd part of town, but make no mistake.  Even on the weekend in a business park area, this place was nearly full at 6 PM.  What you'll find when you arrive is a kitschy little joint, almost on the verge of being tacky, I think...but we'll settle on "charming".  We were greeted warmly and seated relatively quickly.  Food was good and came out pretty quickly given the relative crowd in the place.  The free bread course consisted of a relatively pedestrian baguette style bread and (the winner of the two) piping hot fresh pita, served with hummus!  My gf and I both had gyro pitas with fries, which were tasty, relatively inexpensive, and a generous portion.  All of the various folks who served us were cheery and friendly.  Waters were kept filled.  Nice to know that they offer ordering ahead for pick up as well, in case you want a lazy night in.  I very much enjoyed my experience here and will be back for sure.  

                Last Saturday was my first time trying this place and I think this place makes one the best lamb wraps! The meat was tender and didn't overcook! First thing , they brought us warm pita bread and hummus.   The restaurant does have an odd layout . The service were great, our server checked on us every so often.  

                Gorgeous restaurant, great food, friendly cashier- who can ask for more?  This restaurant was a little hard to find in the dark- the building is on a corner lot facing the intersection, but the sign is not lit. Once found, parking can be a hassle, but it wasn't for me.  Got a little confused walking up- wasn't sure which pathway led to the building, and once inside, was unclear whether to order at the counter, take a seat and wait to be helped, or wait for someone to seat me. There was no hostess or anything present, several tables were seated on the patio but only one couple was seated indoors. As I walked in and approached the counter, several men were working in the kitchen, saw me, but did not acknowledge me. Eventually one man asked if I was here to pick up a phone order, and already feeling a little out of place, I went ahead and just placed my order to go: lamb pita with the garlic fries.Originally planned on dining in to get pita and hummus, after seeing the portions I didn't really need anything extra.  Order was placed, card was swiped, and from that point forward the cashier addressed me by name per the card, which was a nice touch. He was very polite and friendly. As I waited for my order, I fell in love with the dining room- tons of big, colorful pictures of Greece, white and blue decor scheme, with various little accents such as pretty olive oil bottles and small knick knacks. Would definitely dine in here in the future- though I am still somewhat mystified by whether I'm supposed to seat myself or what.  Food is amazing. Walking back to my car, I could smell the garlic from the fries through the bag. My mouth was drooling the whole ride home. Upon my return, food was still hot and fresh, and the gyro and fries portions are both huge. Careful not to drop your gyro or let ingredients fall out- it gets messy,  but it's so good you won't care. The olive mayo dipping sauce included with the fries is unique and delicious as well. Would come back just for the fries and that sauce! Going to have to introduce my BF to this place in the next few weeks...  

                Decent food. Do not recommend to go orders.  I had an order for pick up and said twice to make the gyros plain. At pick up, the check out guy confirmed it was plain.. I battled traffic home for 45 minutes with 2 hungry 4 year olds and a potty emergency. I get home and, lo and behold, I have a gyros with everything on it. It looks like extra everything.  Their delivery guy was "out", so there was nothing I could do unless I wanted to battle traffic again with kids for a plain gyros. Just bad timing for an incorrect order especially with 2 small kids!  

                Best Greek food so far!!! Lamb was soft and all the ingredients were fresh!!! Delicious flavour!!!  

                I'm glad to have discovered this place for Greek food. We had a team luncheon here for 13 people. They have both indoor and outdoor seating. Place was really crowded for a Tuesday afternoon. I ordered the new York steak. A couple of my teammates ordered the filet mignon. The portions for both these dishes were quite generous. I loved my medium rare steak. A few people who ordered vegetarian liked the food too. The complimentary hummus and bread were delicious. Definitely worth a visit if you are looking for some great Greek food.  

                Really, really great place--just a little expensive.  But if you're going for company lunch, this place cannot be beat--especially the lamp chops.  

                Really excellent food! The place itself is nice and quaint. I ordered one of the mezzes as my meal because I wanted to try a little bit of everything. I was not disappointed!  The sausage was really good. Spicy (spices, not flame-spicy) yet mild. The chicken souvlaki was good too - crispy and grilled yet very juicy.  I wish I came here with a bigger stomach!  

                This place is in the most random location. But Athena is a hidden gem on a street of soulless office parks. :)  The staff was incredibly friendly, service was quick (but not rushed) and the food was delicious. We loved the falafel, and enjoyed the old-school, classic decor...think white chairs and blue checked tablecloths. Very cute.  Try sitting on the lit patio at night...sweet and romantic. You could almost forget you're surrounded by office buildings. :)  

                I really like to come here during summer sitting at the outdoor area and chilling with friends. The food is not bad, but the atmosphere is very nice, especially for a relaxing sunday.  

                Favorite restaurant in the area. Great service and the food is great! Turned all my friends on to it and they love it too!  

                The place is crowded at lunch time but the food is served quickly. Hummus is offered as appetizer, good home made hummus. I took the falafel plate, not memorable but good. For desert, the greek yogurt with walnuts and honey was really good but I was desappointed because the yogurt was not home made (I saw the Fage box to confirm).  

                Finally got to try this place out.  I work nearby and when we get chances to order from nearby businesses, I always see the high ratings from here and have not had a chance to come.  Parking lot is kinda small but my group of friends and I were able to park all 3 cars in the lot.  The servers are quite attentive and they seem genuinely nice when they check to see how you are doing from time to time.  After we ordered, we had some warm pita bread, french bread and a small plate of hummas.  Great start!  I got to try gyro wrap and the mixed grill.  The gyro was juicy and perfect.  I'm not sure if it is just my personal preference or not but the chicken soulvaki was seemed slightly dry while the lamb soulvaki was tasty.  Next time I'll probably order the lamb wrap.  This place was packed and quite busy; portions are really huge; service and atmosphere was friendly.  Overall I'd come back for some more delicious greek food.  

                This place is thee best authentic Greek place in the South Bay. I'd eat here everyday if I could. Absolutely love this place.  

                Came here for dinner with family. Quick service. We were seated outside, where I found the ambiance to be very nice. Inside it looked a little stuffy. Restaurant is located in a little business district, and parking is limited.  The food is very delicious. Portions are generous, especially the salad. You get free pita slices with humus. Very pleased with my experience.  

