                Having family in Mill Valley has many perks. Their house is amazing and best of all, we're just a few minutes away from a ferry that can easily get us into San Francisco in under an hour. Another perk is being just a few minutes away from Avatar's.   My cousins had recommended that my wife and I check it out, and we happily obliged. We found street parking very easily and proceeded towards the modest , cash-only establishment where a friendly woman stood behind the counter.  We perused through their menu and I immediately noticed that everything ranged from around $7.50 to $10. Not bad at all. My wife settled for a rice plate while I got one of their 'burritos' in which smoked eggplant was featured. I also added curried chicken and the entire thing was absolutely divine and I happily chomped away. The balance of the spices, the textures, the aromas blew me away. I almost wanted to get a second one but was too full.   The place has been in business since 1989 and pride themselves in serving 'ethnically confusing food' which in their case is a hybrid between Indian and Mexican. And while it seems a bit extreme, they make it work. They make it work very, very well and it is not surprising that they've been around for 25 years.   I can only hope that they one day decide to expand to Boston. I'd welcome them with my arms wide open. But for now I'll just settle as leaving it as something to look forward to on my visits to the Bay Area.  So ride on over, bring some cash and enjoy. And save room for dessert, you won't regret it.  

                This place claims to be "low carbs, no oil, no diary, no gluten" but I got a super greasy tortilla with a ton more greasy rice stuffed inside!!   I don't get the raving reviews, I got the smoked eggplant with curry lamb, even the taste is not all that impressive!  Not worth the calorie, not worth the money.  

                A great plate of food time and again at all of their locations. The first time I went to Avatar's was their Larkspur location.  it was a great experience I am happy to say was repeated at the Mill Valley location. Indian food served with a twist and tastiness that brought me back.  I recommend trying the specials  This time it was a Great special in the form of a turkey and sweet potato rice plate plate thing. Super yum and gone all to quickly!  They also have Bundaberg Ginger Beer here.  Thins of it as a ginger ale with big brass balls.  Best non-alcoholic thing they could have had to go along with the plate.    Hint: They do have a bathroom here and it's clean.  You just have to ask.  Glad I stopped by and know I will be back in the future!  Thanks Avatar's Mill Valley!  

                We just did a take-out order for the first time and everything was disappointing. There is only one spice that dominates -- HOT! I had asked for a dish to be less spicy.  There was no tofu in the spinach tofu bowl. The additional $3 for quinoa was outrageous as there were two tablespoons of it in the bowl. Both the smokey eggplant burrito and the spinach "tofu" bowl were filled with mushy pineapple -- an ingredient not listed anywhere. Did I mention the sullen, unwelcoming attitude of the person taking the order? Never again.  

                A-MAZING! I've been here twice now and every time the food, service, and atmosphere is amazing. The owner greeted my friend and I today saying," whatever meal I make you will dream about it....(we asked about his other restaurants)...I run 5 restaurants and I don't get stressed, I just let it go. It's really easy, there's no need to get worked up when you can let it go. I just enjoy it all." Positive, charming, genuine, my favorite Indian restaurant in the bay. Try the buffalo pumpkin enchiladas!!! They are to die for.  

                I get the curry pumpkin-chicken burrito i. So good. Wish we had this place in LA!  

                I have been to Avatar's Punjabi Burrito's about three times, now. All the times the service and food left a lot to be desired. I went back the second time hoping that that my first experience at Avatar's was a result of the staff having a lazy day off but I was wrong. Each time I order the meal (usually the Jerk Chicken Rice Plate), the vegetables are hard and undercooked, not enough rice & very few veggies. One other disgusting thing about this restaurant is the uncooked meat stored in the fridge where you pick your drinks... It's plain gross.  The mango and rose lassis here are very tasty however. Avatar's Punjabi Burritos is a good place to stop and eat when you don't really feel like traveling far to get mediocre Indian food. Its just alright.  

                The burritos are awesome! Spices and everything was cooked perfectly. I have no complain. They have a tiny but very clean bathroom in the kitchen if you ever need to use a bathroom. The service isn't too friendly but it's not required for a place that basically hands you your bomb burritos over the counter.   Cash only!  

                Yummy!  Not much else to say. Try it if you're in MV.  

                I went here once years ago on a trip and have never stopped thinking about it. I just came back, nearly 10 years later, for another pumpkin curry burrito...time hasn't changed anything, still delicious, still VERY vegan friendly!  

                I have been here many times, always a happy surprise! Most times I stick with the regular menu and only once ordering the special.   My regular order is the curried sweet potato burrito and add curried chicken. It should be noted that the sweet potato flavor is easily masked by the other flavors, so if you like the burrito to be sweeter, try  the curried pumpkin. I have not ventured anything past mild, so for those that don't like spicy food, they should easily be able to enjoy anything.  I have always eaten at the restaurant or the patio, no matter how careful I am, I always make a mess. There is a bathroom in the kitchen area to wash up.  

                Two words... pumpkin enchilada. It's worth going back for again and again.  

                UNIQUE AND DELICIOUS!  I was apprehensive when i first entered this establishment.  It was small, crowded, and loud.  Little did i know that it was crowded for a reason.    The food is soooooo amazing.  I have never had such an interesting mix of cultures in my cuisine, but this place does wonders with everything.  I cannot even recommend a specific item, as they are all superb.  As our waiter told us, "everything is awesome!"    The price is a bit on the high side for smaller portions that are given.  It is what it is-this is still Marin County I believe.    Overall impression of the place is that it is definitely a must go.  

                OMG I love this place! I so wish there was one closer to me, I would eat there all the time. The pumpkin curry dish and burrito are so good-- I'm addicted.  The only negative is this place is so small and more of a takeaway type of restaurant.  Love the area it is in and after a hike this is a great place to go for some Indian fusion cuisine.  There are tables outside so if you can find one then that is ideal. I will definitely go back as soon as I can!!  

                I have a soft spot for curry lamb, that distinctive gamy aroma, the concoction of savory spices that seem spicy, sweet, and buttery all at the same time. I love it. Throw it in a burrito and I could love it even more.  Avatar's Restaurant does this all in a humble shack that seats about six people. The food was alright, my lamb burrito had all the right stuff, all wrapped in crunchy flat bread, but it did turn out a bit greasy and over-sized.  When I was younger, getting a lot of greasy food was always a good thing. But now that I'm a little bit older, there's a lot to be said about having "just right."  

                Firstly, I LOVE Avatar in Sausalito but this place was a disappointment.  Ordered the  Chicken Punjabi Burrito- wasn't as flavorful as I would have wanted and I was not a fan of the roti. Mustard Green Spinach Tofu Burrito- hubs got this and also called it bland Avatar's Dream Dessert- got it to go, which was a mistake bc it did not last the 20 minute ride to SF and was just a mess of layers.   *Large orders and for $7.50, its a good deal if you want to fill up, but we will not be coming back.  Instead, we'll just go to the Avatar in Sausalito when we crave Punjabi-Mexican food.  -Hungry Hungry Pongy  

                yummmm!  so delicious!  so tasty!  cash only!  

                This the best Indian style burrito I have eaten.  Pumpkin n curried lamb.   Wife's eggplant n curried rice dish also great.  $18.00  total is a great value in Mill Valley.  

                The food is tasty, but the people that make the food in front of you, are the people that are handling cash, and then with the same dirty hand, they make the food for you. You have to always tell them to wash their hands. And I've seen them acting as they are washing their hands with just water, no soap. When asked to use soap, the woman had to ask another girl to get soap for her, and the soap was actually finished. They are not hygienic, so if you have kids, you need to monitor them. I can only imagine, how they wash their food.  

                This place is incredible! Indian food + tortilla = genius! I had the lamb and pumpkin burrito and ate it all in one sitting when I wasn't even hungry. The food is very filling without making you feel overstuffed.  And you can really taste the variety of meat, fresh veggies and spices in your mouth. I love it and only wish they had one in so cal.  

                Small, unassuming place with a steady flow of customers. Ordered the chicken and sweet potato burrito. Delicious!! Wonderful spices and flavor and reasonably priced. Don't forget to bring cash because they don't take cards.  

                Awesome tiny place. I ate here every damn day during a recent week in Mill Valley.  Inexpensive, very high quality basic Indian food done exquisitely. Sometimes I order two main dishes, one after the other. It's that good. Great for vegetarians.  Most people take out but there are about 4 small tables that are comfortable enough.  I always eat at the restaurant.  Highly, highly recommended!  

                Wow what a great little place tucked away in the middle of mill valley!! I really like their unique idea of Indian food in a burrito concept!    My friend and I had just finished a hike in the golden gate national recreation park area and were ready to chow down on some good food. I searched using yelp and when we saw the "punjabi burritos" headline we both knew we had to check it out.  And it didn't disappoint! My friend got a chicken curry burrito and while I was tempted to get a burrito also, the "whole wheat wrap" steered me to the rice plate instead.  So I chose the eggplant with chicken curry rice plate.  We didn't have to wait long. However, instead of eggplant I got squash in my chicken curry instead. Just a little snafoo that was quickly corrected - they gave me a small side of eggplant. It was good and my friend really liked his burrito so I was willing to overlook this little mistake.  Overall, our leap of faith with this find was a success! We'll definitely be back to test out more of their dishes.  Also I could have jumped up and down with joy when I saw the "no dairy" and "no gluten" words pasted on their menu. Because of those four little words, I instantly fell in love with this place.  PS. They only take cash.  I didn't see a sign anywhere that said "Cash Only" but the huge ATM machine on the wall was my first clue and the second was the missing credit card machine near their register.  

                This is one of the best places in the area! The jerk chicken is the best item on the menu, I am completely addicted and have serious cravings for the spices and unique blend of flavors they use in all their dishes. Also, everyone is always so friendly here, I can't wait for my next avatar trip.  

                I've loved this place for over 10 years. It's delicious rice plates and burritos never fail and are alway consistent. The staff has been nothing but kind and always remember me even if it's been months or years. I love the special burritos like the sweet potato and ground turkey and sometimes they have a wonderful salmon one with pumpkin. I hope they never go out of business because I'm not sure I can live without it.  

                An interesting combination that is the Bomb- Bay!!!  The papadam wraps are a perfect match for the variety of fillings.  I had the lamb and my local host had the jerk chicken.  Warning: come hungry!  The burritos are yummy and massive!  

                Nice concept of fusing Indian and Mexican.... Always wondered on the commonality both these cuisines shared. But this restaurant brought it to the table.  -- Chole Burrito -- Veggie plate   were some of the items in our order.  The Burrito was made with Roti (Indian Bread) for wraps and stuffed with chole masala, Saffron rice, onions, et all you can think of while having a Roti and Rice for meal. Just a different presentation. Totally welcome this.  Veggie Plate on the other hand was nothing too fancy but had the rice in the middle wirh chole (Garbanzo beans), Panner (Cottage Cheese), chutneys (dips), achar (pickles), etc, dressed on top. So wasn't particularly dazzled by this, as it was an exact replica of an indian meal only arranged differently.   In all, a nice touch of Indian meal during sight seeing is always a PLUS. Enjoyed it !!  Tip: Go here only if u have CASH....But later, the waitress/owner was kind enough to accept our credit card to run it using another restaurant (over the phone).  

                0/5. There should be such a rating, and I would award it.  This business claims to put no oil in their food, and speaks with pride about how great their dishes are.   Unfortunately, none of the food appeared oil free, and the paratha in which the burrito was wrapped seemed to be glistening with some sort of fat/oil/grease.   We ate four of their popular dishes, and three of our party felt sick soon afterward. We won't come back again, and certainly won't recommend it to others.  

                Their burritos and rice plates are some of the best food I've ever eaten.  And the more I go back, the more I like it.  Unlike many Indian restaurants, they don't use ghee or cream -- only olive oil. All of their ingredients are fresh and healthy.  The idea of infusing mexicali dishes with Indian spices is genius.  Even my kids love this place (the Jerk chicken is perfect for kids).  I would love to see this concept expand to other parts of the country.  I come from NYC and know it would rock there.  

                After spending all day at Turtle Rock in Tiburon, I wanted something hot, filling and not dim sum or chips.  I remembered Avatars right before the exit, so we took it.    I had the blackened veggie and seabass burrito, without chutney.  It was delicious, even an hour later when I finally got to eat it.  I'd stop in again whenever I'm in the area.  

                First to note, this is Avatar's Punjabi Burritos.  The burritos are made with Indian fillings and a roti wrap (rather than a tortilla) and they are delicious.  The first time I came I thought, that was a good and unusual burrito, but it's more than that. I've been craving them ever since.  They have great seasonal fillings like sweet potato and pumpkin and tasty chutney.  The spicy papadum are really quite delicious.  The only drawback is that it's tiny and if you want to meet someone it can be difficult to find a place to sit.  

                Stopped by for a late lunch on MLK Day, and enjoyed the smoked eggplant with curried lamb burrito. It was a little tough to eat, as the wrap started falling apart later in the game, but otherwise was really delicious and filling. The "tortilla", which is really some kind of fry bread, is chewy and tasty, although a little thick. The fillings seem fresh and have a lot of flavor. Looking forward to coming back and trying more of the options.  The restaurant space is tiny and sparse with only 2-3 tables inside, and another table or two outside. Definitely not a place for a business lunch or to meet your future in-laws, but a delicious option in Mill Valley nonetheless.  

                Stopped in here a couple years ago on vacation. The service was lousy, and the food was pretty bland unfortunately. The woman at the counter was completely icy and rude. Asked if they took credit cards, she silently points at the atm. Can we sit outside, she lets out a huffy sigh and goes "why would you want to do that", since the furniture was all locked up before closing. Ok... how about the food? I've had better "instant" Indian at home to be honest, it was really bland and underseasoned. The fancy metal plates in some of the photos here was in sharp contrast to the paper plates and plastic trays we were served, though I didn't care at the time (was just hungry). Would not return, and wouldn't recommend.  

                Delicious! Curried pumpkin and chicken burrito. The bread was delicious and not just a Mexican tortilla but really Indian.  

                Sometimes accidents are a good thing.  If you aren't a "regular" to downtown Mill Valley, Avatar's is a spot that you would probably only find exactly that way - by accident.  (It's located about two blocks off the action in the downtown square).    Like other great "hole in the wall" eateries in Mill Valley, it is a good idea to get it 'to go'; I only remember one or two tables in the whole place - and they are awkward!    But the ingredients they put in the Indian flatbread burrritos are the real star of the show, and what has given this place such a good following for so many years.  Definitely worthy of visiting if you are hungry for lunch & happen to be in downtown Mill Valley!  

                Great burritos here.  I would either get lamb or chicken and the burrito would be enough for two meals. Always unique and tasty.  Very reasonably priced too.  

                So delicious.   It's a widely accepted fact that you can take any good food and make it better by wrapping it in a carb, but you don't need to tell Avatar's that--they already have it mastered.  If you love Indian food, you will love this place. It's just delicious Indian curried veggies and meats wrapped up in a friendly little bundle that you can eat with your hands. I always get the curry sweet potato.  Every time I go here, I say something to my friends like, "I'm not THAT hungry... Will you be willing to eat the rest of my burrito if I can't finish it?" I really do worry about letting deliciousness go to waste, and luckily I normally go out to lunch with male coworkers that are happy to clean my plate when I fail to conquer large burritos, sandwiches, or plates of Chinese food...   But when we go to Avatar's they never listen to my silly I-do-yoga-and-eat-like-a-rabbit jibber jabber. I always finish my burrito here. ALWAYS.  [Oh, and it's cash only.]  

                Probably the best paratha and pumpkin curry I have ever had.  And all that in a burrito form.  

                Fun Saturday found us in Mill Valley & we finally made our way to Avatar's Punjabi Burritos (it's been bookmarked for a while)  My obvious choice was the Pumpkin Burrito!!!   Tasty & tender pumpkin combined w/ chick peas, potatoes, pickled veggies, & basmati rice - all smothered in an oh so tasty curry sauce   First impression? Wow - this is heavy....the burrito must have weighed like 10 lbs - TONS of filling & this is an excellent thing.  You get a lot for your $$$!   It had just the right amount of spice to give it a kick w/out being overpowering.  Also the right ratio of sauce to filling so it was creamy w/out being too runny or too dry   I'd also like to pimp their *homemade* Mango Lassis - yup, you read correctly! *Homemade* nonfat yogurt is mixed up w/ fresh mango (we can attest.... saw them peeling mangoes when we were there)   These things were thick, creamy, & sweet-but-tart as only the best lassis can be. Sis got another as we were leaving b/c they were so good   For my parting gift, I opted for their *homemade* chai.....steaming & molten hot, it was the perfect weapon to combat the chill in the air. Spicy in the best flavorful way, there was no sugar in this elixir & somehow it's like this is how chai was always meant to be. I am forever tainted for all other chais & their artificial, sweet, chai-mixes  Absolutely can't wait to come back!!!  Cash only!  

                BEWARE !! This is nowhere close to the Avatar restaurant in Sausalito.  They have tried to copy dishes/flavors but fail miserably. Plus, food we ordered was not hot and lassi was not great either.  Will never go back here.  

                If your favorite Mexican taqueria and your favorite Indian dive restaurant had a love child, it would look like Avatar's Punjabi Burritos.  It would look like a very small and unassuming space off of the main square.  It would look like a couple tables inside and outside.  It would look like cash only.  It would look like Indian flatbread wrapped around a tasty savory and sweet mix of "Curried Garbanzo Beans, Potatoes, Saffron Rice, Green Herb Salsa, Pickled Carrots, Fruit Chutney, Nonfat Yoghurt, and Fresh Tamarind Sauce."  ($6.50)  It would look customizable with lots of meat and veggie add ins ($1-2).  It would look like flavorful Curried Ground Lamb and silky soft Tofu.   It would look like stacks of homemade spicy and regular Pappadum on the counter ($1).  It would look like a sweet Mango Lassi to extinguish the fire from the spicy Pappadum ($3.50).   It would look like me scarfing my burrito down.  It would look oh so much better than my Curry Up Now and Avatar's Restaurant experiences.  (And speaking of lovely children, while eating here I saw a little kid try to go to Avatar's and when his mom made him go to the restaurant next door instead he had a complete meltdown.  A kid after my own heart!)  

                Food was great however customer service was poor. This location also lacked seating.  

                Pros: I ordered the "Curried Pumpkin (w/lamb) Burrito" for about $8.  It was so filling and tasty, I ate half for lunch and the other half for my late afternoon snack. A friend also ordered the plate version, and he enjoyed it very much. My favorite component to the burrito is the naan which wraps nicely around around the rice, potatoes, garbanzo beans, fruit chutney, tamarind sauce and carrot pickle.  The ingredients are very fresh and tasty.  (I also happen to be a fan of naan). Customer service met a quality standard. My group waited outside, because of limited space, and our server took the time to go outside to call our order numbers and addressed us directly.  Cons: That anyone from outside Marin County has quite a drive for a tasty burrito is the only drawback.  There is also limited space inside and outside, so I suggest this place if you will eat while traveling.  Readers who are in Marin County, you are very lucky to have a place like this in your neighborhood.   Bottom Line: If you are driving through Marin County, stop by. This is some of the best, most filling and tasty food I have eaten while taking a stop along a road trip.  

                Indian + Mexican food--a happy marriage if you ask me!   I'd been waiting to try Avatar's for the longest time, and I finally made it out with some of my friends. We spent the afternoon bouldering and I spent half of that time raving about the Punjabi burrito place we had to try, so I was really hoping it'd be amazing. Too bad it was just OK. The burritos were huge and the variety was good, but I thought the flavors were a little on the bland side--not enough kick. The mango lassi was tangy and good though.   If I go back again, I'll ask if they can make my burrito more spicy.  

                Indian food wrapped up in a delicious burrito? Seriously people. You cannot come to Mill Valley and NOT eat here. It is so delicious. Cash only. Get the mango lassi too. This place is the best.  

                Perfect place. Our first visit to the place and completely enjoyed it. The sweet potato and veggie wraps were equally good.  A perfect combination of Punjabi and Mexican cuisine. Will highly recommend to everyone.  

                Came here after a long hike at Muir Woods (I recommend the hike!).  My friend and I split a burrito with chicken and seasoned veggies. This was yummy! After eating that, we still had enough room for dessert. I highly recommend their dessert which had a layer of chocolate, almond flavored ice cream (?), and mango syrup spread around it. Can't explain...just try it! Overall, decently priced and tasty food. :)  I will be back if I'm in the area to try a rice dish and mango lassi!  

                After going on a strenuous hike through the rugged wilderness aka Muir Woods, my friends and I decided to stop here for lunch!  It's a tiny restaurant (probably only fits a total of 10-15 people), but the burritos are HUGE!! When the lady brought them out, it looked like she was carrying 3 motherships!  I got the burrito with pumpkin and veggies! The menu is a little confusing because it looks like you can get a burrito with pumpkin, sweet potato, AND eggplant, but you actually only choose ONE of those and it'll come with the veggies. I really liked the "tortilla" which was some kind of whole wheat carb. I have to agree with my friend when she said it was like a really thick tortilla or a really thin naan bread. The mango lassi was super good and very refreshing! Next time, I will try the rose or salty lassi!   I would actually give this place 3~3.5 stars for the punjabi burrito because I felt like the curry flavor overpowered everything else. I couldn't taste much of the pumpkin or my friend's sweet potato. The mango lassi yogurt drink gets 5 starts though! :)  The lady that was working was also SO sweet, nice, and friendly! Excellent customer service! Next time I'm in the area I'll definitely be back!  

                Genius. Go. Delicious.  

                Indian in a wrap.  YUM! Also do rice plates.  Also YUM. Friendly staff. Small indoor seating (three tables) and two or three more out front. Think I had lamb curry, and couldn't finish the entire thing.  Just as tasty the next day ;-)  

                Wacky venue. Tasty food. Spartan seating. However, as a previous reviewer noted, everyone should try Avatar's Punjabi Burritos at least once. It has a nice menu of huge burritos and corresponding rice plates (the burrito filling sans wrapper, I imagine).  We enjoyed smoked eggplant & lamb burritos - they were tasty. They were also more than a handful. I would've made a great latter-day Norman Rockwell portrait, hands and face slathered with burrito goop! We decided it would be more judicious to order the rice plate, since the wrapper does not add much gustatory value and it would be tidier to deal with the rice dish using a fork. We also found that one burrito would be enough for two people, unless they were very hungry. I wish Avatar's served beer, but we enjoyed mango lassi's instead.  

                Nom nom nom!!! The curried lamb and sweet potato burritos are heavenly. I've been to this Punjabi Burrito and the Avatars in Petaluma and both are amazeballs. They have other yummy flavors (pumpkin, blackened chicken) but teh lamb/sweet potato is my absolute favorite. I love the fruit chutney they put in the burritos - adds a tiny bit of sweetness.   They only accept cash but most burritos are only $8 which is a screaming deal for the size and taste.  It's a tiny place but there are a couple tables outside if the weather is cooperating.  

                Indian-style burritos - seems like an odd mix, but it's a mix that works. My friend and I got the chicken and the lamb curry burritos, respectively. The burritos are messy, tasty, and tasty. Yeah, I said tasty twice - on purpose. Not only that, but the burritos are big, and are enough to satiate two starving 20-somethings and then some. I guess the only downside to the place is that it's tiny inside, so it's not really ideal for large parties. But, if I lived closer, i can totally imagine myself coming here much more often to get some burritos to gorge on at home.   Nom nom nom. Also, if I remember correctly, this place is cash-only.  

                This place is good--it's cheap and tasty with lots of veggie and gluten free options.  Cash only is a pain but I understand. I asked for blackened veggies in mine which they forgot but I can let that pass :)  

                It's not the first choice of food styles that I'd combine (Indian & Mexican), but it works very, very, well. I had seen this place once or twice while in MV, and I was intrigued. I'm always into weird places, and although it looked pretty tame inside I needed to see what was going on here.  The food is really good. It's basically Indian food in wraps. If you can handle that, you won't be disappointed with a trip here. They've got vegetarian options, and great meat available. The pricing is pretty straightforward, and you can easily navigate the menu's layout with just a bit of time.  Be prepared to take your food to-go. This place is TINY, and it seems like the new hip hang-out for Mill Valley-ers. There's like four tables, and more than one 4-top was occupied by a solo sitter happily munching away. So there's that. But don't be dissuaded. The food merits a visit.  

                the best burrito ever.  love EVERYTHING about this place.  just incredible.  

                They are not an authentic indian restaurant but more like Indian burritos or so they say... dont confuse this place with the Avatars Indian restaurant in Sausalito...we did and repented.  

                Food is good. Americanized. Service sucks! Lady was a bitch and a half with NO CUSTOMER SERVICE skills. Bring cash. They don't take credit cards. They don't know how to give directions to the ATM machines either. Stupid! Drove all the way from Vallejo to be treated like this?! BULLSHIT!   Meal was $8 each, not bad. Dessert was $6 and we got an itsy bitsy tiny slice of pie. Chai tea was $3.50 and you had to pay $3.50 for refills...really? I know this is Mill Valley, but dang...nickle and diming people.  I'll stick to Berkeley, Fremont and Sacramento...that's real Indian food! Curry up is tasty, with great customer service and a better venue.  

                Super tasty! Just grabbed a pumpkin and chicken rice bowl to go and am munching on it now. Not too spicy, just a nice peppery feeling in the back of your throat.   it's a very small shop with only a few tables, but a really nice place to pick up lunch and head over to Old Mill Park for an Indian picnic. :]  

                Food was rather poorly prepared :( The server was rather ignorant, and the restroom was dirty.  

                I never went to the mill valley location, but the new location in larkspur is very nice. Pumpkin was made for enchiladas.  

                The curry is rich and satisfying.  Wrap it in whole wheat and you're good to go.  

                Get your nomming on with a delicious indian burrito. I like the peachy chutney surprises in each burrito. Cash only though! And get the peppered papadam. Spicy goodness  

                Ahi Punjabi burrito - flavor explosion!  Avatar's Dream dessert was divine.  

                My one gripe with Punjabi Burritos is that I wish they were open later! Even on Saturday nights, they are only open until 8 PM... Jeff and I tried to come here multiple times before we successfully made it before 8 PM.  To order a burrito, you start with the basic Punjabi Burrito (I would probably label this a wrap...) and then add in whatever you'd like. I added the mixed curry vegetables and Jeff had the sweet potatoes. They also have various meat choices, fish, other veggies, etc. I loved both my wrap and Jeff's. The "tortilla" was thick, flavorful, and delicious and the inside was a little spicy and so yummy. Each wrap definitely provides a good-sized meal or even enough for left-overs if you're not a big eater.   I hope to come back soon and try their special drinks too!  

                What an amazing find. We were staying at the mill valley inn across the street and wandered over here on a whim. The owner made special plates for the kids that didn't have as much spice. We shared a pumpkin with chicken plate and an eggplant with ground lamb. Indian-Jamaican-Mexican fusion. Awesome!  

                "Real" Indian burritos where it's not just indian ingredients thrown in a Mexican tortilla.  It's legit delicious punjabi bread.  Everything is so fresh and delicious.  And filling!  I got the mustard greens + tofu (which comes with a whole lot more) and added rock shrimp, and while it was super delicious and hit the spot with a Hoegaarden from Small Shed Flatbreads next door, it could have used a little more something sauce or spice.  I probably should have just asked for some..  

                The burrito made into a plate was really quite good. I love the pumpkin and chicken curry.  I wish there was more room to sit outside but its really not that big of a deal I suppose.   The women that work here really were the icing on the cake as they were incredibly kind and took care of us nicely by recommending great dishes and combinations!  

                After years of hearing and reading near-mythical stories about the pumpkin burrito here I finally made it.  And damn, I must say it (pumpkin and lamb burrito) was very good.  The wrapper on the burrito was not fantastic, so I treated the burrito like a cave and excavated it with my fork.  Next time I'll just skip the wrapper and go straight for the rice plate.  I kept thinking how incredible the food would be with some ghost-chili powder or fresh serranos, but that would be impossible, because this is Mill 'white-people-who-complain-a-lot' Valley, which, by the way, is the only city in the US that had to ban the sale of Bell Peppers due to the number of "Mouth on Fire, Send Help" 911 calls.  

                Always amazing. A staple whenever I come back to Mill Valley. Everything is delicious- lamb, chicken, mango lassi...yum!  

                Was walking to my car just after an appointment in the area and saw two women eating something that looked Y U M M Y!   Had to stop and very glad I did. Wow, wonderful - outstanding - spectacular .. do you want me to tell you how I really feel about my first experience with this food?  Yes, the place is small - so what! Walk down to the park and unwrap .....  

                Saw this place while walking around downtown Mill Valley, punjabi burrito!, you really can't go wrong with this combination so I had to try it. Being vegetarian my options are always limited at any place. But I still tried the pumpkin and curried vegetable options.   The burrito was decent, liked the option of replacing bean with indian choole (garbanzo beans) and some indian spices. But it was a little too bland for my palate. I was expecting it to be more spicy and hot. Considering this place mostly caters to American in the neighborhood, the spices might be more suited to their tastes. The vegetarian curry had a strange mix of vegetables - potatoes, eggplant, broccoli and carrots. Also the sauces weren't mixed well so the burrito was sweet & salty in patches.  Overall, I would suggest going there at least once.  

                Loved this place.   The food was great. Freshly made bread, great tasting meat, fresh vegetables. The service was friendly too. We were the with kids and the employees were very friendly to them.   Food was definitely 5-stars for the money ($24 for four of us!). Only 4 stars because otherwise the place is too small - only two tables inside and also because they only take cash.  

                I wouldn't mind if I had a house and Avatar was my friend. I would spare the guest room for him and he would tell me stories and make me Burritos and pretend that he had a shop. But really, he would be my burrito guy. And I'm not good at sharing.  I stopped in after wanting to for so many months, the girl who took my order was sweet as pie. I knew exactly what I was getting, the curried pumpkin chicken burrito.   I sat in the window with pumpkin on the brain. It was going to be so good. I knew it already. Me and Pumpkin - he ain't never let me down. I took my coveted brown paper bag to my car and peeked at the silver bullet in it's interior.  There was no waiting to get home, I had to tear into this hot meal now! So I unwrapped my foiled lunch. Much like Charlie in Willy Wonka. What's this? I was expecting regular boring flour tortilla - nothing of the kind! It was thick, chewy & grilled corn meal. It was GOOD.  I bit into a mouthfull of rice & garbanzo, good too - another bite & another of the same - where the hell was the chicken and the freaking pumpkin?! This was my disappointment, flavor was there and I love the curry - but this was a rice & garbanzo burrito with a hint of chicken and pumpkin.   My beef with Avatar? Where's the beef?! When you have a burrito that boasts pumpkin, gimme pumpkin. I want more of the goods Bro, then you can have that room AND access to the bathroom in the hall.   Note to Self, and You (I GUESS): you must come with the King. Not Chubby old Elvis, no I'm talking about our mutual friend, Cash. No plasteeek.  

                3 1/2 stars  Had I tried Avatar's Punjabi Burritos BEFORE I tried Curry Up Now, I may have given Avatar's more stars.  But I had the chance to compare the two, and Curry Up Now comes out the clear winner where it matters the most - taste.  Don't get me wrong, Avatar's was pretty good, but I don't crave and shake for it like I do for Curry Up Now.  Here's the breakdown:  VARIETY: Avatar's takes the cake on this one.  C Up Now only has a few flavors while Avatar's has a number of filling options for your burrito.  It includes a number of vegetarian, seafood and meat options vs. C Up Now's paneer tikka masala, chicken tikka masala and whatever specials they have.  Avatar's choices are also probably WAY healthier vs. C Up Now's thick curries and artery-clogging paneer.        FLAVOR:  I have to go with C Up Now in this category, even though there are not as many options.  I had the vegetarian pumpkin filling at Avatar's and it was decent, but I would have preferred more spiciness and a savory element to balance out the sweet.  The boy had the seafood burrito with the veggie filling (it was on the specials board), and it had an entirely different flavor.  It was definitely more savory, but the flavor combination was still a bit lacking and we ended up preferring mine.  THE WRAP: Avatar's uses a thick, fluffy paratha vs. C Up Now which uses a tortilla.  Though the paratha is more authentic, for sure, it is also WAY thicker and I think it interferes a bit with the flavor of the filling.  Parathas (whole wheat flatbread) are not known for being delicious, so I think it is better to have a thinner wrapping mechanism so as to bring out delicious flavors within.  The paratha also made the Avatar's burrito insanely filling.  I probably would not go all the way back to Mill Valley for Avatar's Punjabi Burritos.  I would probably stop along the way at its sister restaurant, Avatar's in Sausalito (AMAZING!), or hope that a Curry Up Now truck was out and about to fulfill my Indian burrito cravings.  

                Burrito and Curry! Two of my favs together. Well Indian food in Mexican style. I like that all the cool stuff mixed together and wrapped in the whole wheat bread exactly like burrito. The curry was delicious and also the wheat bread which is like big paratha. The pickle (achar) in it added more flavor. Love this place.  

                At the Pelatuma location, I had the curried pumpkin enchilada. It was a corn tortilla, lightly sprinkled with jack and cheddar cheeses, homemade curried enchilada sauce, yogurt, salsa & fruit, papadom, tamarind sauces, and rice.  

                The vegetables did not tase fresh at all, quality of ingredients used is suspect. My stomach was upset. Enough said.  

                Hubby found this place for a lunch spot stop on the way to Pt Reyes and was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed their punjabi burritos.  Your nose is greeted with the smell of curry upon entering getting your stomach ready for a treat.  The plain which is the base of all burritos have garbanzo beans, pickled carrots, basmati rice, among other wonderful fillings.  We chose to add pumpkin for one which was tasty with a hint of sweetness and the lamb curry for the other burrito which was just as tasty and savory.  Overall, a great find and would return again!!  

                This place is delicious. And now they are open on Sundays! The curried chicken and sweet potato is my favorite.  It's about $8.50. There's only room inside for about 6 people to eat, but I've never had trouble getting a table. It's cash only, and there's an ATM inside and several banks a couple of blocks away.  

                Totally worked for me... very tasty! I always smile to myself when I think of this place, though. My ole colleague born and raised in India isn't a fan at all... he says "pft - white people go crazy for that stuff." Well... THIS white girl IS a fan, I will totally admit it! And I will gladly return time and time again. The flavors are awesome, portions extremely generous (can easily share), and service rocks. Viva Punjabi Burritos!  

                Trekked here after Yelp found it for us while we were leaving Marin General visiting my husband's dad. We were starving and the idea of a Punjabi Burrito sounded too good to pass up.   Overall, it was pretty good, but I was aching for something spicy (as in lots of spices, but as always, I was also accepting burn-you-up hot). It was kind of bland and a little overly sweet due to the tamarind/chutney.  Got the curried lamb, which is ground. I preferred that to the husband's blackened chicken, which did nothing to take away from some of that sweetness. It seemed a little pricey at $8 per wrap.  If I had any interest in traveling to Mill Valley again, I might try the pumpkin, but that town CREEPS me out. Way too many (friendly) dogs, art studios, and bicyclists for one tiny town.  

                Avatar's is as close to culinary nirvana as you might get. I recently had the pleasure of devouring a spicy lamb "burrito" from here. They use chapati for the bread, as opposed to a tortilla, and it holds the flavorful mix of succulent meat, rice and vegetables together just perfectly. That said, I sometime prefer to fork and knife it, but either way your belly isn't going to mind.  They have a specials board that is worth keeping an eye on as well, and it definitely keeps the locals coming back for more. While my heart remains in San Francisco, Avator's is the beginning of a good debate for moving up to the relative tranquility of Mill Valley, or at least visiting there more often. This place is easily worthy of my highest dinga dinga honors!  

                Love it - have been coming for YEARS !! Love the vegetarian pumpkin burrito and the mango lassi is amazing. Just wish the stunning indian lady behind the counter would smile a little more.   It is small and tight and would not try to use the bathroom. Best to buy it and eat elsewhere as it is not a cozy street.  

                Talk about a mission. One that would have made Harold and Kumar proud, as me and my buddy traveled all the way from Monterey to grab not 1 but 2 of Avatar's burrito's.... each.. You should do this after a hike, not a drive though. But, what the hell.   After a nearly 3 hour drive, we called in to the place to make sure we could get some food since we were coming a few minutes after closing.   While me and my friend both got their 'Sweet Potato Burrito', I also got the 'Smoked Eggplant w/Chicken', while he had 'Blackened Seasonal Vegetables'. Obviously, after such a long drive, we enjoyed it. (BTW I barely ate the entire day, so 2 burritos seemed well worth a 3 hour drive)  -------------  ** Smoked Eggplant w/ Chicken Burrito -- Very filling and good. Like last time, was filled with rice, garbanzo beans, onions, chutneys, tamarind sauce, and whatever else makes a very delicious Punjabi burrito. The eggplant's flavor wasn't too noticeable, but I was very satisfied in any case. The chicken tasted great and fresh.   ** Sweet Potato Burrito -- WOW! I know what I will be recommending others from now on. This burrito tasted amazing, especially without the meat. The sweet potato's flavor complimented the rest of the ingredients so well, that I wish I could add an extra star for this one. Loved this one!  ** Blackened Seasonal Vegetables Burrito -- My friend really went hard at this burrito. It was filled with a bunch of vegetables, although I could barely see (we were eating in my car). It seemed filled to the brim, and it broke apart in my friend's hands (which for me is a sign of an awesome burrito). We wish we would have grabbed some forks/spoons to help us out.   I love coming here, and is definitely a great way to end an adventure.  

                Perfect Sunday hikes end with one of these burritos!!!  Hiking season 2011 just started yesterday with a 10 mile hike in Muir Woods and Mt. Tam - and we were rewarded with one of these amazing burritos after completing the hike.  It was actually our first time here and we were very impressed that MV has such a place.    Sure, it's not the tangiest or rollyoureyes back Indian food, but after a hike, can you really take all that?  It was just good and fresh food - not too greasy, not too spicy, and just felt completely healthy.  Another plus is that it's been around since 1989 - so it's legit and not part of some almost passe food cart/truck craze.    I'd go back again.  Next time I want to try the chilean bass and curry lamb!  

                After reading yelp review we decided to try it out.  We had Curry Chicken Wrap, and Rose Lassi.   The wrap itself was pretty good, the wrap was made of parantha bread, a much tastier alternative to tortilla. The curry chicken was tender, juicy.  The Rose Lassi was delicious, not too sweet at all, and subtle rose flavor.    The flavor is not overpowering like most other Indian restaurants, so it was not too heavy. Overall, enjoyable meal, but not something out of ordinary.  

                I never thought Punjabi and Burritos would compliment each other, but at Avatar's they can. If you're a fan of Indian food, you should give Avatar a try. I ordered a vegetarian pumpkin burrito complete with curry sauce, rice, garbanzo beans and carrots and wrapped in a whole wheat burrito shell.  Be prepared to be "curried away." The burrito definitely had an authentic Indian taste, but I have to admit it was messier than expected. I wouldn't call it the best burrito I've had, but it was, needless to say, interesting and tasty.  And you'd think, being in downtown Mill Valley, that it would be somewhat attractive. But it's more like a hole in the wall type place, with a small kitchen a small dining area. Come here for the food, but not for the ambiance. An A-OK in my book.  

                Lovely little find in Mill Valley.   My VERY Mexican boyfriend was almost embarrassed to say, "This was the best burrito I have ever had." He was almost embarrassed because its the truth!   Each burrito comes with Raita, Basmati rice, Garbanzos, basically a typical Indian plate of food wrapped in this "na'an" ish bread/tortilla thing served with mango chutney and your choice of meat or added veggie.   Split the burrito with some of the lentil soup on a cold Bay Area morning.   Great for omnivores, vegans and lactose intolerants, alike.   A tad pricey -- but hey its Mill Valley.  

                Someone suggested this place to me, and i love indian food so i was excited to try it.   I was not impressed at all, pretty expensive and the food was kinda bland. Coming from the city i know good indian food, i guess if this is all you know, sure its great.  the mango lassi was great though.  

                This should be a 4 1/2 star.  Indian with Mexican influence food. We ate here twice on our last trip to Marin County.  It was delicious..we had the chicken and sweet potato burritos (yummy), the second time we had the chicken eggplant burrito (yummy) and shrimp burrito (my husband said it was delicious).  I wish that we can get our burrito with degree of hotness..Missing the spicy kick that can come with Indian food.   This is a tiny "stand-like, street food and consider now food truck-sh" place tucked in a pricey neighborhood.    This is another fav place.  

                If you're in the mood for an indian burrito, and who doesn't get that way from time to time, make your way to avatar's punjabi burrito. You won't regret it.  

                All I can say is WOW!  This place changed my life today.  I will be getting to Avatar's Punjabi Burritos every chance I get, on my monthly sojourns to Sonoma and anytime I go to Marin county.  I will always stop off in Mill Valley for a Punjabi Burrito.  Amazing.  So yummy.  What an excellent and refreshing take on the burrito, belying the Punjabi-Mexican history of California that goes back more than 100 years.  This is diaspora food of multi-cultural America.  A paratha made into a burrito with all the flavors of India and Mexico - but with a slight California twist.  It was more Indian than Mexican and more Yummilicious than anything, I daresay, I have ever eaten.  

                Really not very good at all and overpriced.  

                Went to see a play at the theater down the road- and I am SO glad we stopped there for lunch after! The burrito is huge (chipotle sized) and so yummy. I had a chicken/pumpkin burrito, am 6 months pregnant and could only finish half- but I will be going back again soon even though I live 100 miles away! They curry flavor is great, if a little strong- but you can taste the saffron rice as well.  I'd say the perfect compliment is one of the non alcoholic ginger beers (available for purchase at the nearby Mill Valley Market!)  My friends had the lamb and rice plate, which also tasted amazing. Everyone was satisfied and full afterwards-- a must try establishment!  

                Sooo goood. On a friends suggestion I've gone here several times now for lunch. Wow! A soft naan bread as the "flour tortilla" and  on the inside delicious Indian Lamb, Beef, Jerk Chicken-"my fav", Seafood, different veggies like "pumpkin, smoked eggplant, sweet potato" or what ever you like. I also like the fresh Mango Lassi or Indian Chai beverages.  

                OMG - this place is INSANELY good. One of the best meals I've ever eaten. The owners are super nice. We've always had a good experience here. I take my baby girl with me and they are so sweet to her! I always get the curried chicken burrito - yum, yum, yum. I drive all the way over just to eat here.  

                Woo Woo they now offer gluten free, low carb, no carb or dairy free options.  I love this place, but for lunch, it kind of put me in a food coma.  totally worth it, but I have stuff to do during the day.  Now you can get all of the yummy goodness in a bowl or what have you.  Don't forget it's cash only and you must order the mango lassi drink to go with your burrito or bowl.  Yum.  I recommend the curried ground lamb.  

                This place is special. The food is delicious - great concept, authentic, and fairly inexpensive. Go and get a burrito, loaded with chickpeas, saffron basmati rice, traditional pickles and spices, and your choice of curried lamb, chicken, or tasty vegetables - pumpkin and such! All this is wrapped in a naan-like bread and oh, so yummy.   Not a fancy place at all, but great if you're going through Mill Valley or checking out a flick at the local theater.  A few things to keep in mind: the woman who has never failed to be there when I've gone comes off a bit cold. She's nice, but you've got to bait her with a smile and thank you. She's a "no frills" kind of gal. If she was warm from the get-go I'd have given this establishment five stars, easy.  Also, I was shocked and a bit saddened to see so many hipsters eating there today. This is Mill Valley! The desperate uppity rich yoga mom is to be expected, but hipsters? Like from The Mission in the city? Really? I guess my review here as well as others is to blame for this. Oh well, I suppose they're helping to keep the place running and I'm grateful for that. Just beware though, if you fancy yourself a hipster and happen to be there when I'm enjoying a punjabi burrito, you may not get a gleaming smile from me...  

                This is one of my favorite places to eat Indian Food. The food is not only awesome but they are eager to work with you if you have any, and I mean, ANY, special dietary needs. Being a vegan that doesn't eat gluten..well, let's just say that I am never disappointed here with their rice dishes. The portions are huge for the price ( very affordable for Mill Valley, btw) unless, of course you are starving...but with prices like this you can afford two! The owner is so sweet and has the prettiest blue eyes. They just put in an ATM but unless you don't mind paying a hefty fee ( again, if you're starving), bring cash because they don't accept cards. The place is also tiny. If we can't get one of they're four tables, we take our food to Old Mill Park ( 5 minute walk up Throckmorton) and eat among the redwoods...or if we want to people watch we go to the Depot square...it's all good:^)  

                Getting your friends to go can be tricky (an Indian burrito seems like a risky concept) but always worth the effort.  The place is quant (which can mean cramped during the lunch hours). You'll need to bring quarters for parking and cash for the burritos.  I have always gotten the curried chicken (no reason not to) with one (or two) papadum (to munch on while I wait).  The flavors (curry + the saffron rice) + the crunchy pickled carrots & the delicious flatbread means that I return so often that Saru (the proprietor) already knows my order. Marvelous.  

                I really wanted to be a fan of this place; the idea is so charming and I have long been a believer in the burrito form, I've even come up with my own simulacrums accidentally. While it sounds like a great idea, and is really pretty tasty, it's just a few to many steps short of what it should be. If this were Punjabi Burrito Beta version, I would throw my support behind it like you could not imagine. As they stand, Punjabi Burritos are a great idea, with mediocre execution.  

                Never had anything like it.  Indian food in burrito form?  Genius.  I had the Jamaican Jerk Chicken, which was amazing.  GF had the lamb, which was just ok, surprisingly, and we're both big fans of lamb.  I think its the fact that its ground and seasoned so heavily, its almost like chorizo...  Anyways, the portions are a little ridiculous, so we've got about 3/4 of the lamb one leftover and in the fridge now.  That'll be delicious later on.  

                I was so excited about the idea of Indian burrito, esp. after a 3 hour hike. They have good choices for both meat eaters and vegetarians. The most popular choice among our group was the seabass pumpkin vegetable burrito.... oh you can't go wrong with that combo.   While I love the concept and the burrito "bread" (paratha), it does get messy so I would ask for less sauce next time. I would go again if I were in the area again, but I wouldn't track all the way there from SF. That said, if you haven't tried it, you absolutely should!  

                For something truly different and delicious try these Punjabi Burritos, a mash-up cultures - a "burrito" that is straight out of India.  This is on my regular rotation of "bring-it-home" food.  While "fast," this is not fast food.  The quality is first rate in this family-run business.  Try the lamb and sweet potato burrito - outrageously good.  I take my out-of-town guests here because you can't get this stuff just anywhere.  

                Their burrito's compete with Tyler Florance's Burger  for the best food in Mill Valley  

                BF and I grabbed a coupla wraps for an easy, quick dinner here before a show at the Throckmorton Theater. Being right around the corner from the theater was an easy plus (though nothing in Mill Valley is more than a 5 min. walk away).  The food was good, but not great. The service was nice and they very sweetly brought our food out to us on the sidewalk (they have a few tables for dining al fresco).   Doubt I would rush back on our next trip to MV. I think we'll search out some other spots to try. But if I lived in the area and wanted something sort-of-like-indian-but-not-too-much then this would be a good spot for take out. A nice change of pace from burgers or pizza etc.  

                We found this place by mistake after hiking Mount Tamalpais.  Stopping in for lunch was a perfect end to the day.  Both the curried chicken and curried lamb "burritos" were very good.  For those of you from the islands like me (Trinidad to be specific), these burritos will remind you a lot of a Roti.  The Indian bread that wraps the savory ingredients is good enough to eat all by itself.  It is soft, flavorful and sweet.  This is the closest thing I've found to Trini food in the bay area.  It is well worth the drive to Mill Valley!  

                Why yes, I would like my Indian food rolled up into a burrito - how did you know, owners of Avatar's Punjabi Burritos?  Had to knock one star for not being open on Sundays! I did not hike around all morning so that I could not have an Indian food burrito. Booo.  

                I can't think of many good reasons to come to Mill Valley, but last weekend, I came. And I'm glad I did.   As the name suggests, its Indian gone Mexican! Ingredients like chickpeas, basmati rice, chutney, and a meat/veg of your choice are all wrapped burrito-style in chapati. I got the jerk chicken burrito (~$8) and it was quite flavorful with all the Indian spices and the sweet chutney. Not cheap compared to a regular burrito you might get in the Mission, but this is Marin county. There isn't a ton of seating here, but luckily, there's a grassy area nearby with tables & benches. Great for a sunny day.   I only wish the service could have been a tad bit nicer. It doesn't affect the flavor of the food, but it does change the overall experience. The lady behind the counter didn't smile once the entire time and even when she spoke, it sounded impatient. The other yelpers say that the service is friendly here...so I don't quite understand. Was it because I didn't bow to the picture of Avatar? If I had known beforehand that his burritos would taste so good, I would have at least blown him a kiss.  I still don't think I'll be making many trips to Mill Valley, but if I'm ever in the vicinity, Punjabi Burrito is a good enough excuse to stop by.  

                first of all, the mango lassi was crappola.  it was so sour to the point that it tasted spoiled...so instead of attempting to drink it, we just threw it away in the trash as soon as we got home.  but...i am not going to decrease their rating over a drink.  the paratha burrito was yummy.  the whole concept is a great idea.  wifey had a pumpkin burrito which surprisingly tasted the best out of the 2 we got.  i had the jamaican jerk chicken burrito which was good...but i ended up switching with wifey to get the most out of the yummy pumpkin one.  haha.  next time, i think i want to mix the pumpkin with the jerk chicken...i bet that will be a yummy combination.  i'm a fan!  i will be back again...woohoo!  

                Let's see, you're gonna take a pile of yummy Indian food and wrap it in a naan like tortilla? Well Avatar, with this concept you've made a fan for life.  When I'm in need of an Indian burrito, something that happens way more than you might expect, Avatar's is there for me, unless it's late- which is the only downside and hurts this city girls feelins.    I love the potato (or maybe it's sweet potato) with extra tamarind.  Ive liked everything I've tried though.  Mill Valley is hard for me to like (all those fake bike rider guys at the coffee shops walking stupid in those bike shoes and yucky shorts) but Avatars keep me coming back and a little less annoyed that the lame have taken Mill Valley over.  Oh- sit outside on a nice to to make the experience even better.  

                Their Indian burrito is a pretty unique twist on fusion. It was actually pretty good; I'd order the blackened chicken burrito again. On the other hand, their Mango Lassi was sour and horrible.  

                Today, my baby's colic got so bad, we got in the car and just drove. "Let's GO somewhere if we have to waste all this gas," I said, so my husband pointed the car north, to Mill Valley, which I'd never seen. Looks like Larchmont. AND. As we were rattling the stroller along the sidewalk in an effort to keep the baby happy, we spotted Avatar's Punjabi Burritos... it's like they read our minds!   I heartily recommend EVERYTHING, but especially the pumpkin chicken curry burrito. YES.   Also, the woman behind the counter knew exactly why I looked so frazzled. "I have twins," she told me. "Did you ever have to drive around just to keep them quiet?" "I did it, honey. And now you do it too."  I love her.  

                My partner Elon had been telling me for the longest times that this was one of his favorite places to eat. I had never been there before and I thought to myself... are you serious, no way am I going to try it -- I hate burritos.   After one year plus, of him offering it to me as an eating option. I finally tested the waters. And the food is AWESOME. I love their eggplant, basic burrito! I haven't tried any of the others, but the one I have tried, I could eat it every day... I've been there four times already and I'm looking forward to going back to Mill Valley -- just to get another eggplant burrito.  

                Avatar's is a tiny place right off the major square in Mill Valley. I've now eaten there two days in a row because it is so delicious. Yesterday I ordered a curried chicken burrito. It was beyond delicious. Everything came together so well: the lightly spiced saffron rice, pickled carrots, spiced garbanzo beans, etc. Yogurt and tamarind sauce keep it juicy. The "tortilla" appeared to be wheat based, slightly chewy, very good. They have a wide selection of water and juices. You can order anything off the menu as a burrito or a plate. They have daily specials. Today I ordered a ground turkey and sweet potato plate. It was fantastic.  My new favorite lunch spot in Mill Valley!  They only accept cash.  

                This a nice spot in Mill Valley....something different.  We ordered the regular burrito, jerk chicken burrito and curry chicken burrito.  All were flavorful and fulfilling.  Good place to check out if you are in the area.  

                Different concept - making a burrito out of a paratha wrap. But... it works!  Stopped in here for a quick bit while out and about. It's very small inside, with only 3 tables, and a couple outside, and it got very busy during the 12 o'clock hour while we were there, but we only waited about 15 mins or so for our food. I ordered the curried chicken burrito and my husband got the Jamaican Jerk chicken. Both were very good, but very messy!   They don't take credit cards, but the woman was kind enough to take our order and get it going while we went and picked up some cash.  

                Avatar's Punjabi Burritos is great place to take a break from Milf watching in downtown Mill Valley.  The place serves Indian food wrapped in a burrito!  Why didn't they think about this sooner?  Even better, the service is great, the prices reasonable, and portions are really big.  I recommend the lamb and sweet potato curry.    Food coma time!  

                Thanks to Yelp, I've been wanting to try this place for a long time.  Today, I got my chance.  I had the Burrito with Curry Vegetables for $6.50 (see details below).  It was really good.  I have to give them credit for combining the flavors in such a unique way (at least for food you can normally find in the US).  The basic burrito for $5.50 includes fresh curried garbanzo beans, potatoes, basmati rice, fresh herb salsa, seasonal fruit chutney, carrot pickle, non-fat yoghurt, and homemade tamarind sauce.  In my case, I added Curred Mixed Seasonal Vegetables for another $1.  You can add Chicken, Lamb, Shrimp, Salmon as well has other vegetables.   They also have rice plates with the same basic ingredients starting at $6.95.   I'll definitely be coming back.  Unless you can grab one of the three small tables with only 2 chairs each, you're not going to be eating in.  Compared to their sister restaurant Avatar's, I felt like there was good value for the money.  Of course, Avatar's is a nicer place to eat and has plenty of seating.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz/avatars-restaurant-sausalito">yelp.com/biz/avatars-res…</a>  

