                I recently read a write up in the San Jose Mercury News titled "Santa Cruz: Three Great Bites." This here is how I learned about Avenue Cafe. In the article it said how there are lines of people waiting to get a table for breakfast so get there early, so my girlfriend and I did just that this morning.   We arrived a little after 7am this morning and there was a few people there at that time but when we left a little after 8am that is when people started to arrive and I now know why, the food is AWESOME!!! I got the Classic Eggs Benedict, eggs were poached perfectly & the Hollandaise sauce was on point. My girlfriend got the Skirt Steak & eggs, she requested that her eggs be poached and again poached perfectly and the steak was cooked well.   Hey Avenue Cafe I know you guys have only been open for a few months now but do not change a thing, you guys are killing it!!! I can't wait to come back and try your Huevos Rancheros.  

                They did a great job freshening up this place. It was warm and cheery inside. The service is great. Very nice and attentive. The coffee was great and refilled promptly. The food was good. My husband really liked his omelette. My Benedict was good too. The only thing that would have been better was real maple syrup with the pancakes. It's was more like maple flavored corn syrup. It made me wonder about the rest of the ingredients. I know it's more expensive but I'd be willing to pay an extra charge. I think people in Santa Cruz appreciate good quality ingredients so hopefully they can make a few small changes. We will definitely go back and try lunch. The owners are so nice and I definitely want to support this new spot!  

                Updating my review and adding a star because I am now a true fan. Have had two more meals at Avenue Cafe. Breakfast on Saturday and lunch today . Sal (the hardworking owner) reads these Yelp reviews and has made the switch to half and half (instead of milk) for the coffee! Nice! Thanks Sal!   We had the same thing for our second breakfast as we did for our first, Huevos Rancheros and Chilaquiles. We also decided to share an order of biscuits and gravy. WOW! Sausage AND Bacon in the gravy! Delicious. The gravy was not too thick and gloopy like at some places, it was just right. The biscuits are good too.   Lunch today for me was eggs over-easy with hash browns. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the beautiful yellow yolk told me that they were fresh eggs. Not sure what the cook uses to season the hash browns, but they were very good. Tasted fresh, not frozen. Jean had the BLTA (A = Avocado) and green salad. She really enjoyed it.   The Avenue Cafe is definitely a place you should check out. Good food, good people.  

                Great place to get eggs and coffee. Their omlettes were light and not greasy with fresh ingredients. Both the hash browns and home fries were crispy and not too salty. The sourdough toast was amazing and their coffee is local and delicious! Lovely atmosphere with soft music in the background. My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our corner table with the beautiful windows.  

                Wow!!!!! This is a great asset to Capitola village!!!!! Super cute space!!! Excellent for breakfast!! The service is outstanding!!! The food was cooked to perfection!!! I had the top sirloin and eggs for breakfast. This came with a steak sauce on the side, which was to die for!!!! Also tried the lentil soup...the best soup in Santa Cruz county!!!  

                Just went for lunch, had the sirloin steak sandwich with chicken tortilla soup, it was excellent. Wife had the grilled chicken salad. It came with a whole chicken breast that was moist and great flavor. Be sure to order the bread pudding to share. Next week it will be for breakfast!  

                The Avenue Cafe is a new refreshing brunch house that I can't get enough of.They made a dive look comfortable and light. But the real reason is in the food and the service. The owner knows me by name already, just like good ol time service. I am happy to call this place  my new digs. Great chow, top notch service. I hope they are here for a long time, try the eggs benedict mmmmmm good...  

                We've been to Avenue Café twice and enjoyed it immensely both times.  It is a great location (Capitola Avenue between Bay and downtown Capitola), in a bright, cheery converted house.  The service is EXCEPTIONAL - very personable, attentive, happy, helpful.  The food is very good.  I had the Huevos con Chorizo this last time and the Machaca con Huevos the first time.  I asked for jalapenos and salsa on the side, and my server the first time suggested I get the jalapenos grilled, and she offered the "secret" salsa versus their Salsa Fresca.  The salsa, more traditional with some great heat, and the jalapenos were perfect complements for the egg dishes.  My dining companions had omelets and pancake, eggs, and bacon.  They were quite pleased. The "Mexican Breakfasts" come with refried beans and warm tortillas.  We ordered a bowl of fruit which was chock full of delicious berries, ripe melon, bananas, and pineapple.  The coffee is good and is consistently refilled.  The music makes it a fun atmosphere.  Perfect spot for a late breakfast and the start or end of a long walk.  

                So happy this little cafe opened! I had the shrimp salad which was delicious! Tons of shrimp, avocado, olives and parsley... Perfect mix with assorted lettuce( not just iceberg thankfully) and a nice light lemony dressing. Hubby had a great Eggs Benedct.  The serving size is perfect, prices are very reasonable and the staff was lovely.. We will be back again and again!  

                So excited this place has taken over the old taqaria. When you walk in you get that warm and inviting feel. Everything is so clean and organized. The owner and staff don't treat people as just costumers but as if they were inviting you to their home for a home cooked, made from scratch meal. That is exactly how their food is. The biscuits and gravy are the best around. I love that the BLT comes with avocado. This is definitely my favorite breakfast or lunch stop.  

                I ordered the omelette Florentine- it came with an ample amount of bacon and fresh spinach and not too much cheese. The hashbrowns were seasoned perfectly (although they could've been a tad bit crispier) and my meal came with an unexpected side of warm peperonata sauce which was a lovely accompaniment to the dish. My dining partner had the eggs Benedict. She requested her eggs poached hard and they were prepared perfectly to her liking. The Benedict sauce tasted fresh and delicious. My toast was served with real, room temperature butter. The gentleman serving us was very friendly and attentive. The ambience was clean and cozy and the dishes were reasonably priced. I would recommend this to my friends!  

                We first visited the Avenue Cafe shortly after it opened. The newly painted building was an improvement over the taqueria. We ordered Eggs Benedict and an omelet which were tasteful and the portions were just the right amount. Pleasant experience. Our second visit was for lunch and my wife's meal was good and plentiful. I ordered the Skirt Steak sandwich and was disappointed  at the rather smallish sandwich for the menu price which I believe was $13-14. Actual worth might have been $7. I hope Sal, the owner, fixes this particular item because the rest of the menu seems to do quite well and customer reviews are quite positive, as is mine except for this one item. I will return, as this a charming locals place.  

                Glowing fireplace, cozy atmosphere and warm people. I like this place a lot. It is in my neighborhood-just around the corner.  I just moved here but this is a great addition. I had the french toast and Capitola chaos, coffee and toast. It was very fresh and delicious. I look forward to going back and trying their other menu items and bringing visitors there for a weekend brunch. I feel lucky to have this place really close to home!  

                I just noticed that this place changed ownership over the holidays. It used to be Taqueria Agave.  The new owner has done a fantastic job freshening up what used to be a pretty depressing space. It's now a charming and bright little cafe! My daughters and I just ate there today and the food was delicious, service was prompt, and portions were spot on. I had the BLT and salad. The BLT comes with avocado- which I love- and which is usually an upcharge at most places. My daughters had pancakes and the kids' burger off the kids' menu. The portions were perfect for my kids, but a toddler/preschooler might not have finished their plate. All my girls *loved* what they ordered and cleaned their plates- win!   I really do hope Avenue Cafe catches on soon! It's in a quiet part of Capitola near the police station. There is ample parking across the street in the beach and village lot. It would be nice to see such a quality small business flourish in Capitola. And it would be nice to have an affordable cafe option in the village to grab breakfast or lunch. We will be back for sure!  

                I'm enjoying the ease of being able to walk to this location and have an amazing breakfast. The service is friendly and the food is really good! I'm having my new favorite dish, Capitola Chaos without the sour cream and adding their fresh made pico! It's very good!  

                When my wife and I visit Capitola our longtime favorite breakfast spots are Zelda's and Gayle's. We tried Avenue Cafe last Friday for the first time, and were we pleased! Wonderfully pleasant staff (especially owner Sal), clean facility, and outstanding food. Although I really like biscuits and gravy I generally avoid it because the meal is usually heavy and greasy at most cafes. Not so at Avenue Cafe. Light and fluffy biscuits; light and well-seasoned gravy, with sausage and bacon. With a side of scrambled egg and a cup of smooth coffee, it was a great start to the day. I rarely write reviews, but I genuinely recommend this cafe. It's indeed a 5-star spot.  

                Such a cute little restaurant. Probably not a great choice for a large group, as it is a small, cozy restaurant with only about 8 tables. Service was great, the server was friendly and coffee and waters were filled quickly. As for food, boyfriend really enjoyed his bacon and cheese omelette and was very impressed with the sourdough toast. I had eggs Benedict with bacon and avocado, bacon was thick and crispy and eggs were poached perfectly. However, we both agreed that the hash browns, while flavorful and yummy, could have been crispier. We will definitely be going back soon!  

                My family and I walked down the street to this conveniently located little new restaurant, and we loved it! The service was wonderful (water and coffee was consistently refilled by a very inviting waiter), and the food was delicious. I tried the capitola scramble and substituted fruit for toast (at no extra charge). The scramble was like a frittata with veggies and potatoes inside, and the fruit was fresh and included blueberries and pineapple.   The decor of the restaurant is tasteful, clean and simple. It is a warm and inviting place to eat. My family and I will definitely come back to this little Capitola gem!  

                The new Avenue Cafe is wonderful! I ordered the classic eggs Benedict with avo and asked for no potatoes sub extra fruit. It was delicious from start to finish! Finally Capitola has another yummy breakfast/lunch spot. Also I love the physical changes the have made, really brightens up the place! It's always been a little small but that is part of the charm!! Check this place out, you'll be glad u did! And you're welcome!  

                As good or better than anyone else in town for breakfast....get some!  Have not done lunch yet.....soon.  

                Had family visiting from out of town and we decided to try this place after we went by Harbor Cafe and they had a 40+ minute wait to be seated. When we arrived at Avenue Cafe, we were seated right away and the owner and waitress were very friendly and attentive. The food was delicious, the portions were perfect and the prices were very reasonable. The cafe itself is small but cozy and has a lot of natural light. Everyone was very pleased with their experience here and we will definitely be coming by again!  

