                I loved this place when I ordered  deluxe combination sashimi I requested a replacement for Saba and octopus, anticipating the usual  rationalization as to why I MUST abide by the list. Sushi Chef, said " no problem, no Saba, no octopus."   The sushi was so fresh and the portions were fair. I noticed Hisu 2 service was starting to suck more and more, as did the portion sizes.    The down side, no fountain drinks and no draft beer.  Better music would be nice, and the waitresses are cute,  but would be better if they wore cute sexy outfits . The furniture is uncomfortable ,  the atmosphere is somewhat cold, not comfortable., ( maybe it just needs time to  simmer).  Despite the few minor adjustments that any new business experiences, the big pieces, friendly staff, and easy access , go and experience (or the delivery is fast and painless).  

                A friend and I came here for dinner after seeing the overall positive reviews on Yelp. I usually avoid getting sushi in Solano County (East Bay has much better options), but this place did not disappoint.  We ordered two special rolls from the chalk board. Unfortunately, I don't remember the names... One was deep fried and the other contained a lot of fresh sashimi. Both were super tasty and the presentation was also gorgeous. The deep fried roll wasn't overly covered in batter nor greasy--really nicely done!  We also ordered the amaebi. It was good, but I've had better (in terms of taste and size).  Service here was excellent. Our food came out promptly and the staff was very friendly. The owner talked to us a lot throughout our meal to help us with our order, explain the special rolls, and get feedback from us afterwards.  Definitely recommend Ayame! :)  

                Came here last weekend. It's located in a strip mall next to a liquor store. The inside has nice modern decor and I liked that the parking is easy.   We had our baby and we asked for a high chair. Our waitress said she'd get it and we saw her take off but then she started helping other tables. We kinda just waited awkwardly holding our baby's car seat until finally we had to ask another server for a high chair. It also took them a long time to take our order which I wasn't thrilled with. My husband ordered a coke which came in a small bottle. Personally I think they should invest in a soda fountain because people like refills. lol.   For our appetizer we ordered an avocado bomb which is basically spicy tuna inside of an avocado. It was really good but I don't know if I'd order it again for $9.   My husband ordered the yakisoba. I tried it and it wasn't anything special. I'd pass on it.   For rolls we ordered the cherry blossom roll and the Ayame roll. This is where we were most disappointed. The fish seemed fresh but the rolls were chewy. My husband thinks the rice was the problem like it was too mushy. I think it was the seaweed wrap that was chewy. Whatever it was, it was not good. Also the crab salad that went on top of the Ayame roll tasted funny to me like it was too salty or had some weird seasoning.  They took a long time giving us our bill although it was clear we were done eating for a while. It's not a big restaurant and there were 2-3 servers at the time so I don't understand why they were lagging.  I give one star for the convenience of parking and another star for the nice looking interior. Otherwise, I think there are better options for Japanese food in Vacaville like Hana or Fuji.  

                "Mahalo... (Sigh) I needed that." Damn, if I wasn't having one of those days/nights... 'And when I do, there's nothing that good sushi & sake can't take the edge off of. (However, everything else that came after was a bonus!)  I've been wanting to try this new sushi spot for some time now & tonight was the perfect evening for it! "Eh bruddah, large sake please!"  Walked in a lithe after 7:30pm, it looked like a quiet evening, one table with two couples and me, traveling this evening, via "Han Solo." (Did I mention it was one of those frick'n nights?) I walked straight back to the sushi bar, said hello to Steven, the sushi chef, and Lili (sp?), the server, and pulled up a seat.   Sake (Cold - large): "Yes, please!" Photo - <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ayame-sushi-vacaville#SEmaKF5px2dzFNJWkAJPMw">yelp.com/biz_photos/ayam…</a>  Saba: Fresh: Great; tasty; seasoned perfectly Photo - <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ayame-sushi-vacaville?select=Izx21OokrDqGFM27Oi5ONw#93HD3xgDria10a4pnhyq4g">yelp.com/biz_photos/ayam…</a>  Spider-maki: Great; flavorful; not overcooked; good portions Photo - <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ayame-sushi-vacaville?select=Izx21OokrDqGFM27Oi5ONw#UCbyIW67pFc64d232sucDw">yelp.com/biz_photos/ayam…</a>  Salmon Skin Handroll: Great; very flavorful; "ono" (delicious) Photo - <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ayame-sushi-vacaville?select=Izx21OokrDqGFM27Oi5ONw#G2_AuCn1KOzpgEOo7NX-JQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/ayam…</a>  Hamachi Kama: Great; tender; cooked perfectly, tasty Photo - <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ayame-sushi-vacaville?select=Izx21OokrDqGFM27Oi5ONw#plqwD-a0dixVaBRVZRziAA">yelp.com/biz_photos/ayam…</a>  After talking story with Steven for a bit, I discovered, he's not only the sushi chef but the owner as well... 'And he knows his fish as well as quality. THIS IS what I'm talking about! I've been to places where they have served saba that should've been thrown out a couple of days ago but yet in order to make a few extra dollars, they kept it... 'And the laws of the universe felt it fitting for me to receive. (Yeh, the "universe" can be a jerk.) 'From what I saw, ate & discussed with Steven, this ISN'T THAT KINDA PLACE!... 'And I'm thankful for that.  Usually, when I go to a new sushi bar, I order the uni(sea urchin). In Hawai'i, we call it "vana." Now, if you want to know how fresh the stock is in a sushi restaurant, the uni will not lie... 'And you will find out quick, fast & in a hurry. It can either be great... 'Or horrible. Steven told me that he chose not to offer uni @ the moment due to demand, which makes complete business sense. After all, it's a very pricey item and unlike unagi, appeals to a much smaller crowd. I've been to places that offer uni but keep it around longer than they should, much like the saba that I previously mentioned. Steven's candor & integrity about the quality of his items are great signs that everyone should look for in a sushi bar.   Some people have complained about getting the food delivered & their Crunchy Philadelphia Roll was soggy, "Uhm, it's being delivered?... So, there's a good chance it's going to be sitting for a bit while in transit." Now, chances are, if you'd ordered the same thing @ the restaurant, how much you wanna bet it would be served "sans-soggy," knucklehead?... (Sigh) If you're new to the sushi scene, take note, get your okole off the couch & go to the restaurant. (After all, it's sushi and not a damn pizza!)  Also, as in regular sushi tradition, don't be shy in asking the sushi chef(s), to partake in the libations. (Whenever I go to a sushi bar & order a soju or sake, I always ask for two cups... Share da' aloha!)  As the evening was coming to a close, two of the guys that were sitting @ the table with their dates walked up to the bar & offered to buy Steven a sake bomb, I was poured one as well. These braddahs, Aaron & Kyle get it! No amateur sushi eaters here, nice. They talked story for a bit, then soon after said goodnight.   This is what a sushi bar should be like! 'Everyone having good fun, talking story, enjoying themselves... 'Was a good night. I was looking forward to a nice bottle of sake & good food as I mentioned earlier, everything else was a bonus. (Mahalo nui loa, Steven, Lili, Aaron & Kyle for the aloha!) Photo - Sake Bombs "Kanpai!" - <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ayame-sushi-vacaville?select=Izx21OokrDqGFM27Oi5ONw#Aqb-X5qvRE2MxJ_JHwMR0Q">yelp.com/biz_photos/ayam…</a>  Verdict: 5 Sumo sized stars bruddah!  I've been to a couple of local sushi spots since moving from SoCal & I'd have say that Ayame has been one of the best. The quality of the fish, presentation, coupled w/great service were all on target.   It's Vacaville, so finding a place like this is a great find! 'Being relatively new to the area, I'm slowly building my spots of places to go for a solid meal/experience. Ayame Sushi made my list!  PS - If you're only coming here for the great lunch specials, (i.e. - Bento box), you're missing out if you don't venture out, deeper into their menu. Life is an adventure, eat the world!  - Big Aloha!  Food: 5 Ambiance: 4+ Service: 5+ Value: 4  

                Hands down (for me) one of the best restaurants in Solano County for freshly prepared sashimi, sushi and specialty rolls. The cooked items and dinners looked amazing as well. I'm only rating the rolls and sushi.  The best spot in the house would be at the sushi bar because you not only see your sushi being prepared right in front of you but the owner himself genuinely engages in some great conversation that makes for a lovely experience and if you haven't decided on what you want from the menu he'll put something together, as the menu is ever changing and the result is nothing more than delicious!!   The staff is quite delightful and will offer their recommendations as well. They were prompt in getting orders in. Although it may take a little time to get the order out, rest assured the meal getting sent to you is as close to being made to order as they can get. Again, I only attest to the sushi and rolls but the selection of other meals looked amazing.  I highly recommend this place if you want fresh because this is as fresh as you can get. Staff is lovely and the owner definitely is down to earth. He cares about his product that comes out and his customers. I'll drink and have a bite with that! Cheers!  

                Saw this on yelp with my boyfriend and was recommended by my manager.. One of those  hole-in-the-wall restaurants  in Vacaville that happen to be AMAZING! The staff and owner are so helpful, they recommend dishes for you to try & when they say to trust them...really TRUST THEM!  really chill, the inside was so nice and clean, the music playing was on point and once the food came out I couldn't stop eating! A MUST TRY IF YOURE LOOKING FOR SUSHI! It's pricey but I do like it better than yo's or at this point even Fuji's  

                It was good, service was slow and only 1 or 2 orders were brought out at a time so half our group was still waiting 10 more minutes for food. Atmosphere is nice, location is easy to find.  We weren't super impressed, but we've always favored Yo Sushi in Fairfield as our go to sushi place.  

                Ayame has quickly become our favorite place for sushi! Owner Steve and his crew serve absolutely delicious and super fresh sushi. Their creations are very unique and Steve always let's us try new ideas that might end up on the menu. Some of our favorites are the avocado bomb, the ahi tuna tartare, the ahi poke & the girlyman roll. If you are a uni lover, Steve's uni is the freshest! The waitresses are always super friendly too! The decor is really nice and makes the space very inviting! We highly recommend  Ayame! Try them for lunch or dinner, you won't be disappointed!  

                My husband and I used to frequent Hisui 2 a lot but after we saw our favorite server working somewhere else and learned that new management had taken over, lessening portions and not treating employees right, we were in search of a new date night spot.   Ayame's is great, brand new and very clean. Staff is courteous, Owner is hospitable, food is plated nicely...overall comfortable and inviting ambience.  Decor is very tasteful...definitely not a teeny bopper hangout.  The restaurant is quaint with some booth type seats, paired with a table and two other chairs. There is also Sushi Bar Seating and four top tables that can be joined for larger parties.   In order to judge the new place, we ordered our usual faves: Chicken Katsu plate, Ikura Nigiri, Unakyu Roll, Philadelphia Roll and a random specialty roll w/spicy tuna.  Everything was great and the Ikura was chilled just right!  We will definitely be back!  

                Another lunch date with my eldest son. This time it was Ayame Sushi. We were not disappointed. It was the middle of the day, a perfect time to go to avoid the crowds. There were only a few other patrons and us-perfect!  We ordered the Avocado Bomb.Although now, it should be "bombs."The owner tells me he makes 2 now-easier to eat with others. They were the perfect size, fresh and creamy.  We shared the Lion King Roll. It too was fresh and delicious. My son probably could've devoured one all on his own.  The only slightly disappointment was the Soft Shell Crab. It was on the smaller side. For $8.00, we thought he was a little lacking. Still, good flavor.  Food: 4 Service: 4 Value: 4 Cleanliness: 4  

                New sushi place in town. Met up with one of my besties to have catch up dinner. It's located in the Alamo Square shopping center across from Taco Bell.   The exterior may not show it but it's a really modern space. The owner's husband (as he says his wife is sole owner...cute) was really nice and asked us how the food was. We ordered the soft shell crab appetizer (whole crab cut in two) and the Vacaville Roll (California roll topped with tuna and crunchies) and a baked scallop roll (another California roll with baked scallops. Everything was made perfectly and the service was great.  I would definitely come back because whole soft shell crab is my husband's favorite and he'll be happy to know it's available near our house!  

                I'm not going anywhere else in solano county for sushi besides Ayame.   This place is tucked in the plaza by the corner of elmira and nut tree. Plenty of parking and down the street from my house. Woo hoo!  The interior walking in reallyyyy surprised me. You can tell a lot of thought went into the design. It was sleek, modern, romantic, but still inviting where you don't feel uncomfortable if you walk in in jeans and a tshirt.   I sat at the sushi bar and met Steve. I believe he is the owner. Super friendly guy. Very personable. Very involved and you can tell he loves what he does and he's damn proud of it.   Got our drink orders right away and my bf ordered a sake that Steve recommended. AMAAAAZINNG. it came in a little can, was 19% alcohol, and it went down so smooth like you can't believe. Needless to say, I drove home that night. Lol.   Next, the food. HOLY SUSHI. I ordered the sake sashimi, the samurai roll, and one more roll that I can not remember the name of (sorry yelpers. Reference the picture I posted.) The sashimi was amazing. Buttery and fresh. The samurai roll was delicious. And the last roll was even better than the next.   Now.. After all this food, me and my bf weren't satisfied. (We hadn't eaten all day due to work) so we asked for a recommendation. Steve offered the 'SAMs special'. Off the menu roll.   By the time Sam finished up making his special, the food started sinking in and I was starting to get full. But it looked so good so I grabbed a piece anyways.. We finished the whole plate. Best. Sushi. Roll. Ever. I dont know what the heck Steve put in that roll but I think he had to have put some drugs because I dont know how i kept eating it with no place to put it.  Be sure to ask for it if you wanna try. Any day but Tuesday's. (Sams day off) lol.   I will definitely be back for more. Thanks ayame! Welcome to the neighborhood.  

                Ordered delivery last night. Waited to post a review cuz I was sorely disappointed. Well, my food was actually good. But three of us ordered and the other two were both not happy. I ordered vegetarian rolls. They did not.  Anyway, $100 of food, delivery, tip and in the end it was not worth it. There are better sushi places here. I won't try again.  

                From the reviews I had high expectations for this place. But the service killed it. It was just bad. Maybe the girls were new but you could hear all over the room complaints from people. We were left to wait by the door for a couple minutes when she said she'd be right back. The chef had to call someone else over when he noticed. They never checked on us. The ambience was very nice, nicely decorated place. The rolls were fresh, but I've had better in Vacaville. I  

                This has become our go-to sushi restaurant in Vacaville. We've found it strikes the best balance between quality, flavor and price.  I'd recommend avocado bomb to start with.  Also, grab a takeout menu to keep a track of what you've tried and how much you like it.  

                The bento box is super delicous and the sashimi is always fresh! The taste is creamy and very smooth to the pallet. The manager (or is it the store owner) is nice and always meets my expectations.  I will always come to this place for casual sushi eating. (:  

                Quality sushi at an affordable price. Great atmosphere. Try the girlyman roll, you won't be disappointed.  

                Ordered than sat and waiting for 20 to 30 minutes watching other people get their food that came after us before we decided to leave.  Can't speak to the food quality but seriously bad service the table next to us spent the same 20 minutes asking  for a to go box.  

                I usually wait until I taste my food to write a review, but it's now 7:45PM and I order my food at 6:45. I understand that large parties are hard to accomodate, but if we call ahead and you say you can take us I expect the service to be at least competant. There have been four other tables that have been sat and served before our table as a whole has received our orders. When asking the staff, they lied and told us those orders were put in ahead of ours. They didn't keep track of who's order came with Miso soup and ended up shorting us. Just in the middle of me writing this review, two of the tables that came in after us have now paid and left. If you can't  provide the same service for large and small tables, you shouldn't take them. And now they just brought the wrong roll to our table. Not coming back.  

                Never go to Ayame sushi in Vacaville. That is by far the worst customer service. Ordered 3 sushi rolls and waited like an hour. Asked the waitress when our food would be ready. She asked the manager and manager said, "I'm making it now." No one even came to our table to apologize for the wait. If you want your business to last, better think about how you treat your customers! Wasn't even busy at the restaurant! Will always stick to Hisui 2 or Fujis. Got up and left. Went to hisui 2 and was served within 10 mins! Would give this place ZERO stars!  

                Small portions, high prices.. Waitress forgot about us, had to even deliver the check back to the sushi chef after waiting 10 minutes, thing is there was only 4 other people in the entire place.  

                The atmosphere was nice with a touch of modern zen. Location is tucked away in the Neighborhood Markets strip mall, which makes the resturaunts door rather deceiving because the door is so close to the liquor stores door.     We were here on opening night, so there were very few people being served. They serve dinner between 4:30-9:30; they also serve lunch, but I didn't get the hours.   The staff was very nice and eager to please. The owner even ran to WM to purchase Equal for our ice teas.   The food was excellent!!!  We had the seared tuna, which was very tender and full of flavor.   My husband and I split the sea scallop and Lion king rolls, which were fresh and full of flavor. We will definitely be back.  

                Great atmosphere. Excellent customer service. Food was delicious, great quality & even better...great prices. This was our first time coming here & we loved it. We usually always go to Kazaan. But we have officially found our new sushi place. The vegetable tempura was fresh & large portioned. The edemame was yummy & my fiancé who usually doesn't like it, devoured it. My asparagus roll (I'm allergic to seafood) was delicious & big! My fiancé had the crunchy philly roll & the crunchy monkey roll. He said they were both good but he loved the crunchy monkey roll the best. The place is modern & doesn't look or feel like your typical sushi place. It was more intimate. We will def be going back!  

                Appetizers:  avocado bomb and vegetable tempura Entrees:  Chirashi,  salmon teriyaki don, rib eye teriyaki and Miso sea bass Sushi:  A's roll, salmon skin hand roll   New restaurant, amazing food and great service.  The owner came out to check on us.  He also took the time to visit all the other tables.  We all tasted each other's food and had no complaints.   My favorite is the sea bass and the rib eye a close second but all the food was super yummy.    Try them out, you will be pleasantly surprised.  Fairfield and Vacaville Japanese restaurants need to up their game as each one lacks at least one - service, value or cleanliness.  

                I really enjoyed my night here. The place looks awesome. The owner really took their time designing the place. Menu options were fun and very affordable. The owner was awesome and has a great attitude. I felt welcomed and the lighting set a "laid back" mood. The food was super delicious! I love sushi and I really love what they are making at this place. I was fortunate enough to try a secret dish they are working on. Needless to say, it's amazing! I can potentially see that this place might get too crowed in the near future, due to the size of the place. They were working the menu out when I was there and had a lot of potential. Try it out.  

                Best sushi in Solano county. All sushi has gone down hill but this place is great! It's new and very nice inside. The owner is friendly and makes special rolls for you. I will definitely come back here. All seafood tasted fresh. My favorite thing was the avocado bomb!! Yumm !!!!  

                Amazing atmosphere, amazing food, and amazing customer service! They give you good portion sizes for appetizers, & the kids bento boxes are huge. The display of sushi is phenomenal. We love this place.   We've only been once because it's kind of pricey but we will definitely be back.  

                This place is amazingly delicious and convenient! I found them on New Year's Eve through grub hub when I was too lazy to leave the house for food.  They delivered a lot faster than expected and the food was fresh and yummy! They have the combination of flavors I like and everything tastes super fresh.  We ordered again on Valentine's Day and it was just as fast, even though we didn't hear the door the first time they came.  We will definitely be ordering from here again!  

                FINALLY! Their yelp page appears!  This is an awesome sushi spot. Brand spanking new so it's incredibly clean and everything is fresh. Very modern, very chic, very relaxing.   I ordered a lot of things off their menu from their saki maki roll to their crunchy monkey nothing disappointed me. After eating sushi for practically my whole life I can say that this place has the freshest tempura flakes ever. I told that to the owner and he said that he makes a new batch per order~wow.   The main complaint I have is that their yelp page wasn't up and running when I visited so I couldn't check-in...come on guys! Get your stuff together.  

                First time here and the experience was great. Lily our waitress is really nice. I will be coming back again. The place just opened and I didn't expect much at first until I tried their food.  

                Best sushi I've had in a long time, hands down!  

                If I could give less I would! We were there for over an hour. Only 2 other tables were sat and then us.  No one else in the place. They managed to take an hour to get us our order and I never for one of the rolls after asking 3 separate times! Also asked for a refill on hot tea twice that never came. Decided to say forget my roll since we had an antsy 3 year old who was done with sitting after an hour. So sad, I had high hopes for this place.  

                The pros: I have yet to be disappointed with the quality of food from Ayame. Every time I get something different and it is all so good. Everything tastes fresh, and they have some rolls that I haven't seen before. The cons- every time I order food to pick up I ALWAYS wait at least 10 minutes longer than my quoted time, and they aren't very attentive while you stand there waiting for your order. I placed an order tonight at 7:05 for two rolls and was quoted a 15-20 minute pick up time. I showed up at 7:30 and told the girl working what I had order- she instructed me to have a seat and they would be with me. 7:45 rolls around and nothing yet. Granted, they were very busy for Valentine's Day- this single chick just wanted some friggin sushi to take home and enjoy whilst watching FRIENDS on Netflix. So I ask the same girl how much longer it would be- she speaks with the sushi chef and I'm told it'll be another 7 minutes or so. At this point I tell her thanks anyway- but cancel the order. Obviously it's not a priority to serve your customers in an appropriate time to what you quoted them- so I will go elsewhere for the evening. Had I been quoted 45 minutes to pick my order up, this wouldn't have been an issue. I would go back for dine in since the food is so good, but this and my previous take out ordering experiences have left a bad taste in my mouth.  

                I was fairly surprised at how good this place was. I've tried almost every sushi place in town & I consider myself a "sushi snob". Needless to say, Ayame did not disappoint! Our waitress was very attentive & checked on us frequently. We got the shrimp tempura for our appetizer & it was delicious! The rolls were HUGE! I got the dragon roll & crunchy monkey roll. My boyfriend got the dynamite roll. They were so fresh & tasty. I was expecting the rolls to be smaller than they were. So although the prices were more than what I'm use to paying at other sushi places, it was well worth it. We will definitely be going back here. Hopefully once they establish a name for themselves they won't dumb down the rolls.  

                New sushi place I was introduce to tonight . Portions were very nice . The thing that could work is the familiarly of the sushi rolls when asked from a customer   Otherwise I will be returning when visiting again soon  

                The only reason why we decided to go to dinner was because of the four star rating. We even called  ahead to ask if they could accommodate a party of 15 which they said they could without us waiting. I do understand that catering to a larger party is harder, so I expected fairly slower, but competent service. All the people in our party arrived by 6:15. It took awhile to get the right amount of waters out. We all ordered by 6:45. By the time food started coming out, it was 7:45 and that was just the miso soups that was ordered. Mind you, we ordered six miso soups and they only brought out four. When we let them know that we were missing two, it took about 15 more minutes to bring those out. There were at least four tables that was seated after us that got their food before us. It was like the waitress forgot to put in our order until one of us complained. When people in our party started getting food, I started feeling my hunger pains and had to ask the waitress what happened to my Beef Teriyaki Bowl and she told me that she'll check on it, came back ten minutes later to tell me that they were making it now. I didn't eat until around 8:15. All of our meals came sporadically, the first person that ordered was one of the last people to get their food while the last person that ordered got their food first. They aren't attentive at all... Thank God, there were carafes of water so we could refill our glasses ourselves. It's unfortunate that their service sucked so bad, but the one star that this place is getting is because their food is pretty decent.  

                Such a great atmosphere and lovely service. I always feel like a VIP when I go to this place. The food is always the highest quality at such a reasonable price.  

                My new favorite sushi spot. Delicious, fresh fish and unique offerings, like the avocado bomb, yum! The decor is hip, and the not too big- a perfect date night spot. So glad Vacaville got this new, real food restaurant.  

                Delivered to Kaiser it is very good. Had Ton Katsu, Spider Roll & Udon. Pretty fast delivery. I would definitely recommend!  

                Just had lunch and it was delicous. Very fresh sashimi. Loved the atmosphere and service was good. We are excited about this new find  

                Definitely my new favorite sushi place in town!!!  I samples 7 different rolls on my first visit and not one of them let me down.  Very nice atmosphere and the owner is a real cool guy. He's open to suggestions and will try whatever you ask.  They have a lot of low-carb (rice-less) options and an ENTIRE vegetarian roll menu.  Sushi is about the only time I eat meat, but now I know where I can get DELISH veggie rolls.  Would highly recommend to anybody.  

                My husband and I ordered the Crunchy Monkey, Veggie Dragon Roll, A's Roll, and the Avacado/Cucumber Roll.  They were ALL delicious!  This is the best sushi we have ever eaten!!!  

                Been there a few tines, mostly at lunch when they offer the bento box, and have been really pleased.However today when I walked in, an overwhelming fish smell permeated thru the restaurant, it made me nauseous!! Had to leave, not sure I'll be back anytime soon. :(  

                We tried Ayame sushi  the other evening.  We sat at the Sushi bar and the food was awesome.  We tried a small variety: Miso soup (4 stars), Hamachi  Kama (5 stars plus), plus a few rolls. Absolutely no complaints about the food. But I'm only giving them 4 stars because of the condition of the sushi bar.  While it is new and attractive, it had not been cleaned.  Because it is very shiny, it was easy to see the "dirt".  After we sat down, I asked if the area could be cleaned and the waitress wiped down the area directly in front of me. And it was still not very clean.  My husband's side was still dirty.  Place settings were randomly scattered around the bar top.  I know my Japanese mother would have turned around and left if she saw the condition of the bar top.  

                My family and I, had the pleasure of visiting this restaurant yesterday. I must say we LOVED every roll. So fresh, and best spicy tuna. This is our number one sushi place in Solano county. Steve the owner puts love into his food. Must try, you won't be disappointed at all.  

                Another terrible Sushi spot in Vacaville. I was excited about a new sushi restaurant since there just aren't any good options in vacaville. What a disappointment! Worst spicy tuna roll I have ever had. Nigiri was super fishy and gross. Miso soup was cold. Salad was meh. Don't waste your time checking this place out. I can't believe all of the positive reviews center around how new, and nice the aesthetics of the restaurant are. WHO CARES! I'll take a hole in the wall if it means fantastic food, especially sushi!  

                This is a great new place in the area. Don't let the exterior shopping mall fool you it's a nice modern and clean setting. The sushi was fresh and the best in Vacaville. This is the place you go for selecting rolls  with a huge variety of nigiri as well as specialty rolls. The cherry blossom roll was fresh and delicious. The nigiri assortment was fantastic. They also have other dishes and be to boxes. The owner was very friendly and the service was good.  Support a local business and check them out.  

                Very Elegant feels like You're home eating.   nice  Atmosphere. Very Friendly  People.  Great tasting Good. Perfect Place to have Lunch Or dinner .  

                Atmosphere was tastefully beautiful.  Panco Salmon was delicious.  Grilled Short Ribs was excellent.  This is a new Japanese restaurant in our area and we love it.  

                I've tried this place a couple more times, and what a difference!! It's really good! Before there wasn't really any sauce and the last couple times I've had them, the sauce was the perfect amount! Definitely improved!! And they deliver which who doesn't love getting sushi delivered!!! Super yummy and fresh!! Love this place!  

                Been here 3 times, 1 for sit in, and 2 for take out. Fantastic all around. I haven't ventured off into their entrees or other food, and stuck with just sushi. The service was very nice and caring, and the owner even talked to me and my friend as if we were all friends, which helped make the place more lively and welcoming. Their prices are a little high, but at the same time fair at times. Their Ayame Roll is my favorite!  

                Beautiful interior. Kinda pricey. Slow service (food came out at different times) potstickers are so yummy! Sushi was awesome.. But dinner entrees not so much! Chicken katsu tasted like chicken from McDonald's and the stir fry was a big noodley mess!  

                Stylishly high end without high end prices. You'd think you're having dinner in the city. Great sushi! Terrific place for a dressy romantic dinner.  I was just as comfortable in flip flops and a t-shirt with my wife of 22 years and two teenagers...we had a wonderful dinner with a wide range of (good portion) sushi and hot entrees.  

                Food was very delicious and sashimi is very fresh. When you come to Vacaville outlet shopping can be drop by to try.  

                Hidden gem. Worth the drive from Alameda. Food prep and presentation super. Sashimi very fresh.  Great service. Wonderful atmosphere.   Steven a fantastic host.  

                My mom told me that we should try this place. so last week she showed up around 11 (opening) and nobody was there!!! She called the owners at their chinese restaurant and the owner said they'll be there in five minutes and never showed up. so we went on Saturday with my sister. the place was cute but it was completely empty. (I usually don't really care about atmosphere, but I thought it was odd that we were eating sushi and watching college football and listening to r&b music that was incredibly loud.) We were seated quickly but the waitress barely paid attention to us after that. We ordered the gyoza, which was like six pieces for 5.50. they were pretty good but they kind of tasted like the ones i like to buy from costco. we also ordered the softshell crab, which was alright. the waitress brought extra plates after we had already eaten most of the appetizers. i ordered the bento box with mixed tempura. it was ok but i wasn't too fond of the vegetables that it came with. The rice was good. The salad was NASTY, iceburg and carrots with a weird dressing i didn't like. I liked the miso soup but it had waaaaaay too much seaweed in it. the california roll was good. but tbh its kind of hard to mess up a california roll. my sister got the bento box with teriyaki chicken, which i tried and i have to say that although it was quite bland, it was well cooked. my mom ordered a crunchy monkey roll. which they brought out ten minutes after my sister and i got our bento boxes. and her roll was incredibly small however the whole thing looked huge because it had a ton of panko on top. she finished the roll, which was falling apart and hard to eat, and she still had almost an entire plate of food that was all bread crumbs.  the waitress took forever to bring the check. the food was too expensive for what we received,  i dont think i will go back.  

                This place is awesome! Good quality, they r hiring a new chef, don't think they advertised early enough and as much as they should have. Nice atmosphere, close to Elmira area, finally a sushi place close to home, $10 bento box specials everyday for lunch, closed Mondays. Been there three times already! U have to try it  

                It's about time a sushi place like this was closer to us. Food is fantastic, service was quick, and our waitress was friendly. Everything you want out of a new restaurant.  

