                Such a pleasant surprise to dine here! Tucked away on the El Camino in the La Quinta Hotel, this restaurant easily earned each of these stars. Our parents were traveling out of SFO and tend to prefer mainstream food - while we love our Bay Area diversity. Bashamichi satisfied both!  I had the chicken with ponzu - super super tasty. DH had salmon in teriyaki. Parents had tempura and rice cakes. So much better than expected - even the miso soup was unique in its homemade deliciousness. We rounded it off with green tea ice cream and cheesecake (made there) - wow. Dang. And service was off the charts! We'll be back next week when we come to pick up our folks on their return.   Flavor, variety, service = winner.  

                This place is a little hard to spot unless you are really looking for it. There's a parking garage under the hotel, which makes parking easy, if you know it in advanced. They have on family room at the far of end of restaurant with the tatami mats and floor cushions. They also have the hollowed out floor so you don't really have to sit on your knees the whole time. The sliding shoji doors also offer a little more privacy.  Staff was friendly and the food was all very tasty. We tried just about all the dishes on the menu between the 8 of us.  Very typical Japanese food.  

                Came by for dinner the other night and it was a surprisingly decent find, especially without reservations! ...parking is available with the hotel...which saves a walk in the sketchier parts of Millbrae...  We were welcomed upon arrival and presented our table.  Hits: - Miso Soup  - Very flavorul and the onions definitely made this very tasty...came out lukewarm  though...  - Small Salad  - Light and refreshing. Vegetables were fresh.  - Tamago Yaki  - Decent and fluffy.  - Shrimp & Vegetable Tempura  - Light and fresh pieces. Oil quality used to fry the tempura was good.  - Wagyu Beef Tataki  - Excellent and flavorful! Very marbly and the dipping sauces complemented the dish well.  - Chicken Kar-Age  - Very fresh and flavorful chicken. ..didn't quite need the sauce  - Gyoza  - Daily special that was also super fresh.  Ok - Buta No Kakuni  - This one came out slightly over-cooked.  Service was very good by the staff and Tea is a $2 surcharge.  ~$37/head after tax and tip for dinner.  

                We ate here for lunch last week on a Wednesday. I had much higher expectations for this restaurant considering the good reviews. Needless to say I was disappointed. I don't know if it was because we had a large group (12 people) and every table was filled, or because it was the lunch hour, or because there were only 2 waitresses, but our meal came out an hour after we sat down. We were all very hungry and tired of waiting. We also had to keep reminding them about the tea we ordered, because it also took awhile. There were no more bento boxes either that day. Also, three of my friends ordered the curry chicken katsu meal, which comes with miso soup and salad and rice. The miso soup never came, so we had to question about it. Also, the salad came at the same time as the entree, not before. My other friend had the tempura over rice and his tempura was very soggy, not crunchy at all. I got the tempura udon and my tempura was very good, because I asked for it on the side. However, the udon itself was mediocre because it was very bland and plain. There was nothing in the soup besides udon noodles and green onions. This costed me $9 so not worth it. I do recommend the beef tongue, though, that was delicious.  This review gets two stars instead of one because the servers did recognize the slow service, probably because they were swamped, so I felt kind of bad. They also gave us free tempura at the end of the meal so that was nice of them.   My conclusion, try not to come with large groups because it is a small restaurant and there probably is only one cook so expect to wait awhile for the food.  

                Bashamichi was particularly convenient as my brother stayed in the adjoining La Quinta Inn so he can catch an early morning flight. Historically, Bashamichi was an old horse drawn wagon trail in Yokohama Japan. To commemorate this, the owner has appropriately named his eatery Bashamichi, as it is located on El Camino, also a defunct wagon trail. I thought this was an izakaya although it might not be full-blown. An izakaya should be a little funkier; lights are dimmer, a little more boisterous and livelier and a combination between a bar and a restaurant. In terms of cuisine, it is difficult to pinpoint what Bashamichi's cuisine truly is except to say it is a hodgepodge of sorts. The lunch format is designed like a teishoku-ya. It features very reasonably priced business set lunches. In the evening, it morphed into a Steakhouse featuring wagyu beef steaks from Japan with wasabi and grated daikon. Also featured are US prime grade ribeye and sirloin steaks. Lastly, it is portrayed as an izakaya where drinking should be one of their mainstays. It does have a sake bar albeit not as glitzy. It carries a wide range of premium junmai ginjos, junmai daiginjos and shochus.  Drinking is not the only area Bashamichi excels in. The 'pub' serves tasty, nutritious and affordable small dishes (tapas style) along with the free flowing sakes in an uninhibited and welcoming atmosphere.  We ordered up a storm of small dish delicacies to share and throughout the evening, we had a great time laughing, shooting the shits, drinking and eating. What better way to kick off the cold rainy night than a hearty bowl of Tonjiru ($6.50), a traditional soup made with pork and veggies and flavored with miso. The taste was more substantial by adding pork and veggies like gobo (burdock root), daikon and konnyaku (a kind of Japanese potato). For the vegetarian among us, we ordered for her a bowl of Kenchinjiru (Vegetable Chowder $6.50). This is a Buddhist temple food, very tasty and nourishing teeming with gobo, daikon, carrot and taro and can be a whole meal. While sipping on the soup, we had an order of Tamagoyaki ($4.00) just to nibble. This slightly sweetened Japanese omelet was uniquely made by rolling several layers of cooked eggs and cutting them into rectangular bite-sized pieces. To counteract the sweetness, we had an order of Goya (bitter melon) Tempura ($5.00). Well the bitter melon was not kiddingly bitter but by 'tempura-ing' it, it not only toned down its bitterness but it also showed off the deep-frying skill of the chef and his delicate usage of a super light batter.  Asari no Sakamushi (sake steamed clams $9.00) would be wonderful had the clams been a little plumper. Clams were naturally flavorful requiring minimal seasonings. Steaming with sake was similar to using wine, accenting the clam's flavor and aroma.  There wasn't as much skewer/yakitori items here, as one would expect from an izakaya. We opted for the lightly salted basic Yakitori ($5.00 for 2 skewers), as there were no thigh meat, gizzard, liver, wing or skin. This was disappointing as eating yakitori was part of the fun of going to an izakaya where you need not try to be polite. You can bite into a piece of the meat and aggressively slide it off the stick with your teeth! Coupled with an animated conversation, this somehow added to the flavor.  Another grilled favorite of ours was the Ika No Sugatayaki (Grilled whole Squid $9.00). It was grilled slowly until crisp outside, and the texture was chewy, tentacles and all. The smoky, strong squid flavor, together with soy and grated ginger, went brilliantly with sake! A good carb accompaniment was Yaki Onigiri ($4.00), a grilled rice ball glazed with soy to give the outer layer a perfect crunch.  Finally, instead of milk over cereal, the Japanese pours dashi or green tea or hot water over cooked rice. This was Ochazuke ($6.00) and we picked salmon as our condiment. This was not only a filler but it did warm our bodies and souls!  These folks, from the servers to the owner, are by no means amateurs in the Japanese restaurant business. It is an all-Japanese operation with some Japanese ladies running the front who were hospitable and knowledgeable on the food. Bashamichi may not be the best just yet but it certainly shows good promise.   Gochisosama deshita! (Thank you for the meal)  

                Great having hibachi style Japanese after a wave of ramen, shabu, and sushi. Don't waste your time ordering off the dinner menu and just get a ton of appetizers. We probably ordered 12 or so appetizers and it was perfect. My favorite was the agadashi eggplant. Never had that before and it was delightful.   It's in a hotel, the Laquinta. You can park on the street but there is also free parking in the hotel garage. Its a small place, but it for 8 of us fine, and there is one traditional shoes off table that can probably fit another party of 10.   Not bad. I'd come back.  

                I was just okay with this place. It came highly recommended but was underwhelming. I did like the lotus chips. Also got the ribeye, salmon, and pork belly. Just okay.  

                I found this restaurant to be charming! The fish was fresh actually very fresh. They were very busy with several large groups so service was a little slow which is to be expected. We were staying at the La Quinta so it was very convenient and a nice surprise!  

                Came here for lunch one day and was pleasantly surprised. This little place found at the entrance of la Quinta started off by having their fire alarm go off and firemen go through the bathroom? It didn't affect us and the food was delicious.   FOOD: I ordered the bento which apparently changes every so often. Despite its lack of orthodox items such as tempura and some sort of sushi, it was really good. To start off, their miso soup was really tasty. It wasn't just super salty, it had a great balance of flavor that I haven't tasted in years. They had a grilled mackerel that was fresh and cooked perfectly. It has a good char and had a side of radish that complemented the mackerel. There was also a deep fried minced beef cutlet that was absolutely amazing. It had great texture and amazing flavor that went together perfectly with their mustard wasabi. The salad was standard and the only not amazing part was their chikuzen-ni. It was just stewed chicken with potatoes and carrots. It was okay.  Overall the whole lunch was delicious. They also have complementary green tea for lunch. Definitely coming back for this bento!  

                Came here on a whim, looking for something new to try. And honestly besides Joys down in San Mateo , this was the one of the only other places with ratings that garner legitimate consideration, given that Old Town Sushi is now catering to those we would consider "extremely cheap dates". Or  "quantity servings rather than quality hogs".   Just from the aroma and ambiance alone as you walk in. It feels much more welcoming and lively in nature than Mokutanya. The food smells fresh, the prices are generally standard and the lighting makes perfect yelp pictures haha.   (No need for exotic meats to garner attention + I can't stand people who try to up-sell borderline average food, it would be like letting  a Joviis Witness in to your home and allowing them to preach to your kids even though you and your family are Buddhist )  Yes the layout isn't exactly as trendy in appearance as Mokutanya but at least here you're paying for your food not the overpriced inanimate eye candy.(ref to their food and their decor)   On to the food.--------------------------  1.Tuna Poki- Fresh by the cut and light by the taste, the seasonings on the tuna are by no means overpowering, nor are they non existent. Just by the first bite, it did not taste frozen nor did it taste like someone cut up the wrong fish and used it as tuna. By first impressions,Their  Tuna Poki is a definite MUST GET. (+2)  2.Prime Beef Rib Eye- It's roughly a step above benihana except a slightly bigger portion, cooked medium rare, without any scorched dry spots and not overly drizzled in unnecessary sauce. No complaints but not the thing i would order next time. (+1)  3.Coke. It wasn't flat and the expiration date was no where nearby ) (+1) . The Restaurant itself provides much more of an Authentic Japanese. Cuisine feel, and the menu is not overreaching by any stretch of the imagination.   My only 2 gripes with this restaurant was: 1.This place is hard to find if you are driving southbound because it is conjoined to the same building as the hotels so you have to look carefully when you are near by La Quinta Inn i think it was ( i could be wrong)...but basically its street parking cause the lot down the street will tow your car without issuing you a ticket or warning...  2. that there was only one server during dinner time, but damn she nailed everyone tables without forgetting or mixing anything up, I was impressed.Wait time was less than 20 mins after ordering even on a full house. (+1)  ----------------------------  Recommendation Stick to the seafood options. Though their Wagyu looks tempting.  Will be Back!  

                With a dire craving for some authentic Japanese steak, we found ourselves driving out to Millbrae to give Bashamichi a try after seeing its few but promising reviews.  Tucked away and connected to the La Quinta hotel, it can be difficult to find parking, but luckily you are able to park in the underground garage of the La Quinta hotel as a patron of the restaurant.   I will admit that the aromas of the japanese bistro are incredibly inviting, however, the food was considerably underwhelming.   We ordered the Seared White Tuna Tataki and Chicken Kara-Age for appetizer and a Pork Katsu Curry and 4oz of the Satsuma Wagyu for dinner.  Unfortunately, nothing stood out.  Seared White Tuna Tataki - it was decent, seared a bit too much to be honest and lacked the delicate handling that I would expect from an authentic seared tuna dish  Chicken Kara-Age - didn't seem like much more than an order of pop-corn chicken from a milk-tea shop  Pork Katsu Curry - I love japanese curry... and this was disappointing. The curry was bland and tasteless, the pork katsu was underwhelming and small  SATSUMA WAGYU - What everyone seems to come here for. Yes, it was very tasty, especially paired with the truffle salt. Yes, it is imported from Japan, and yes, I know the quality of Japense beef. However, coming in at $12/oz with a minimum of 4oz, it was really underwhelming and not as impressive as I'd hoped.  In the end, we left hungry and satisfied.  I've never put a price on delicious food and am more than willing to spend a good amount on great food. However, with how underwhelming and unimpressive this meal was, it certainly was not worth the nearly $100 check in the end.  

                I'm not sure why, but a friend picked this place for a mid week bday dinner.  We had reserved the tatami room, (since we had a large group) Although, I don't think getting it would have been a problem if we hadn't.  The restaurant was a bit busier than I would have expected for a hotel restaurant in Milbrae on a Tues. night.  There's only one server, so service is a little slow and not very attentive.  When we were all seated and the specials board was brought over, the server informed us there was no sushi rice, so no sushi that evening.  Oddly, a bit later she came back to tell us there was sushi rice. A little strange...  I had the mixed sashimi plate. The saba was the best of the assortment, but everything else was too cold and pretty tasteless.  My hubby's katsu curry was good, and everyone else seemed fine with their food.  The only item people were raving over was the chicken karaage. Since i don't like fried chicken, I have no opinion to give on it.  Prices were very reasonable, the server was pleasant, but I have no desire to return.  

                Amazing. Everything was of such high quality and fresh like I couldn't believe. Yes, it's expensive but so worth it for a special night out. And... I was one of only three white folk in the place (always a good sign).  

                We travelled down El Camino specifically for the wagyu, but were very happy with everything served. The location was surprising, being attached to La Quinta Inn. Ultimately, we were reminded of the great casual restaurants and yakitori-ya we walked into and loved while visiting Japan.  

                We went here again for Mother's Day, and Ofcourse it did not disappoint! Everything was well prepared, and service was excellent. I especially liked the carpaccio, and the way my angus steak was cooked. I highly recommend eating here. The atmosphere is friendly and family oriented. My mom loved the Tuna poke and ordered 2 that night. Thanks for being consistent with your service and good food!   Oh and during Mother's Day they had a raffle for the 2 Giants tickets, and I won!! How is that for an amazing Mother's Day!:)  Well deserved 5 stars.  

                Bashamichi is a pretty awesome find occupying the restaurant space attached to the La Quinta Hotel.  My bf and I came in here for their one year anniversary.  They were giving out raffle tickets, and their Satsuma Wagyu was half price for $6 an ounce!  Woo! Hoo!  That is a deal to be exploited!  We tried to be modest ordering 4 ounces between us, but to no avail, the hunger for more tender, juicy morsels of wagyu prevailed.  We also enjoyed some edamame, fresh tuna sashimi and miso with our steak.    This place is run by Japanese- which seems to offer more authenticity than the plethora of Chinese run Japanese restaurants out there. For a steakhouse, the atmosphere is quite casual but comfortable due to great food and friendly, attentive service.  This is definitely the place to get a steak Japanese style and also indulge in some good sushi.  

                DELICIOUS!!  It's unassuming Japanese restaurant cause it's attached to la Quinta but it's an awesome Japanese restaurant. We ordered the tuna carpaccio, yellowtail collar, wagu tataki and tuna poki.. All were just simple amazing. Delicately prepared and presented. I just was blown away by the quality. It's small dishes but the quality is outstanding. I would come again! It is expensive though but worth it  

                I was searching for new food places to try on yelp and came across this business. My boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try. We had such great hopes for this place but unfortunately it wasn't great at all (keeping in mind that it's just a matter of opinion)   To start off, the restaurant is connected to a hotel so you may park underground at the hotel parking garage. The place doesn't look like it gets crowded at all so I don't think you'll have to worry about making reservations. It was quite empty when we went. The place is pretty small as well. Looked like 6-7 tables and a bar.   We had ordered the wagyu medium rare. They had showed us their certificate of authentic wagyu which is imported from Japan. The minimum of ordering for the wagyu is 4oz. The price is $12 per oz. They also offer to cut the steak for you too. It came to us in super tiny pieces. They give you truffle salt, wasabi ranch, fried garlic pieces and horseradish. Personally, the sauces were whatever to me.  We had also tried their katsu curry. I'm a huge fan of Japanese katsu curry. I honestly can say that I was disappointed! I could have made it better. We also wanted to try their hamachi but they were out of it that day so he recommended for us to try the seared white tuna. It was the only thing decent that night. It was a waste of $$ in my opinion.  

                Authentic Japanese food operated by all Japanese unlike some other places.  Food was all tasty and great service.   Free parking at La Quinta Hotel is a big plus!  

                ***************************** 1,031  *******************************  4.25 stars         BashaMichi Steak and Bistro is a small restaurant that specializes in just what the name stands for, steak, and not just any steak, they offer a nice selection of Japanese Wagyu, nice selection of seafood, and some of the Japanese favorite dishes.         The place is simple with 2 rows of tables along with a small high bar sitting 5 or 6 max. Simple and minimalist decor, casual atmosphere, I wish it's a little warmer vibe.         What set BashaMichi apart from other Japanese restaurants in the Peninsula is very reasonable price point, and  experienced chef Moriki Sakima. Chef Sakima used to run his own restaurant in San Mateo for almost 30 years before he retired, and then joint venture here at BashiMichi. Chef Sakima surely knows what's he is doing here. I heard that another restaurant owner, he runs the Japanese beef imported company. No wonder their Japanese Wagyu is so reasonable and delicious.       Some of the dishes we ordered on our first visit:   - Shrimp and vegetable tempura, it was just perfect.  - Aghedashi tofu  - Chikuzeni vegetable stew with Chicken, comfort, definitely cook with love. I can eat this dish every day!  - Wagyu Sukiyaki with tapioca noodle, cabbage, onion, tofu, normally you serve yourself - but this was done by chef Moriki Sakima - normally they serve this with steak, but we ordered with Wagyu - this was so delicious with egg yolk.  - Yaki Onigiri - grilled rice  - Tonjiru pork and vegetables soup, reminds me of soup that I grew up with, perfect of a cold day.  - Wagyu steak - perfectly reddish pink center, how it should be done.           BashaMichi also offers a good selection of sakes and Japanese beers. Service was good by the Japanese lady there. Although, I believe they have room to improve on service. The food is on point, although, lack of ambiance, and engaging with customers, I'm sure BashaMichi will be a hot destination for Japanese food lovers in no time.           BashaMichi is only opened a few months. If you don't mind a little drive here, you would love this authentic cuisine here, BANG-FOR-THE-BUCK,  and you have to order the Wagyu, it's a MUST. I can't wait to bring my friends back here.   P.S. Since it's adjacent to a motel, you can park on the hotel lot underground level and take the elevator up or you can park on the street.  

                Ordered: Buta Bara Kushiyaki (grilled pork belly on a skewer), Chicken Karaage (crispy fried diced thigh meat), Gyutan (thin sliced beef tongue)  Stopped by for a late night dinner. Friendly, efficient service. We were looking for a sushi spot and Yelp listed this place. Come to find out, this restaurant served mainly entrees!! Which was fine. My world traveling bf said that's what most of the restaurants are like in Japan. Maybe sushi is just trendy in America? Moving on... The food came out hot and delicious.   The beef tongue was grilled and thin enough to provide a delightfully chewy texture. The crispy chicken had light crisp pieces that just melted in my mouth. The skewer was good also. It was pretty fatty, which is not what I prefer. But the bf loved it.   Definitely a place I would recommend if you're looking for Japanese cuisine. CUISINE! Not sushi!  

                Open for lunch and dinner, from Tuesday through Sunday.  Located within the property of La Quinta Hotel on El Camino, it's a super convenient location!  Parking is a hassle free; just park at the free space below the ground level and walk to the restaurant.  This place has great service and great dishes!  But, whatever you order, DO NOT MISS their beef menus!  We ordered beef tongue, beef tataki and beef rib, and they were all excellent!  Their drink selections are just as excellent!  Beer, wine, sake, shochu, non-alcoholic, you name it and they got you covered.        - Beer: Anchor Steam, Sapporo, Asahi, Kirin Free      - Wine: Ridge      - Sake: Suigei, Hakkaisan, Dassai and others.      - Shochu: Iichiko, Kannoko, and Ikkomon.  Aside from all the ingredients they have at this place, I was particularly impressed with the detail this restaurant puts in their tables.  I'm sure we all have been seated to a table where the table doesn't stay leveled.  Well, not at this place.  Each and every table has been adjusted to level evenly.    BTW, I ordered way too much and ended up taking something to go... And they charged us 25 cents for a container.  I mean, the quality of container was the nicest one I've seen, but really??  Hmm, maybe I should bring a Tupperware the next time?  Because the food here is SO good, I'm  probably bound to order too much next time as well.  There also have a nice tatami room for a private party.  It's only August, but I'm already thinking of bonenkai (traditional year-end party held by Japanese people) at this place!  Nice job Bashamichi, I'm already your fan!  

                Service is excellent.  Servers are very friendly and attentive.  We came here especially for their wagyu, as we have heard from others that they are really good.    However, it didn't live up to its fame.  We ordered medium but it's too bloody inside, more like a medium rare.  Steak wasn't as juicy as we expected but it was bloody.  The steak wasn't flavorful at all and the texture of the meat was tough and chewy.  We regretted ordering two!    We also ordered a few other grilled small plates, they are overall OK but kinda greasy.  I think we ordered shrimp and fish.    To sum up, if you want high quality steak and are willing to pay for this kinda price, just go to Alexander Steakhouse.  

                This place is amazing.   The food is fantastic. Every dish is super fresh and authentic, and at a reasonable price point. Its some of the best japanese food i've had in the bay area without pretense or too much pain on my wallet.  The location is not great - and thus every time I've been here its been fairly empty. The flip side is that the service is amazing.  

                My friend used to live across the street from this place and noted that many bad places have gone through. After weighing our options of the area we decided to give it a try from the good reviews. On a late Saturday this place is pretty empty. lot's of 60s rock playing overhead. Interesting   Got some Lupicia green tea to start and then went full bore with the meal as follows:  -Beef striploin medium rare with wasabi, daikon and garlic chips -Gyu tan -Hamachi kama -Butabara Kushiyaki -Tuna Tataki -Pork kushikatsu -Yaki onigiri  Everything was solid. Steak was a good medium rare and all the frys and grilling were done right. The staff are a quirky young bunch with the chef popping his head out from time to time. I'd definitely like to try some other things like the Satsuma beef but I dont know when Ill be in the area next. Good to see another decent Japanese place pop up in the south bay.  

                Didn't expect much being attached to the La Quinta, but atmosphere and food were great. Sampled many different dishes and all were delicious. i would definitely come back. Took a little while to get our bill at the end, but not enough of a wait to ruin our experience.  

                Bashamichi 馬車道 is the latest tenant to occupy the hotel restaurant space that once held Ming Tai (a branch of the noodle shop in SF Noriega that folded for unknown reasons) then a myriad of Chinese run sushi restaurants that were obvious$ly no es bueno.  For what they are doing, I hope they keep it up! It's a nice casual restaurant that has potential.  They specialize in steaks and beef dishes. Page one of the menu caters toward most the inner American....STEAK STEAK STEAK. Want to upgrade your steak eating status? Get the Kagoshima Satsuma wagyu steak, from kuroge (black fur cow 黑毛牛), F1 grade (not to be confused with racing cars). For those unfamiliar, F1 is actually a label for crossbred cattle, of which at least 50% of the bloodline has to be wagyu (Japanese cow), so really it's a HAPA steak. Nothing wrong with HAPA, since there are lots of hotties out there who are HAPA....but just know what you are getting into.   But still, $7 an ounce. The owner recommends getting maybe a 5 to 6 ounce to try and that should be sufficient, unless you are a glutton.  The owner? Oh yeah, it's Chef Sakuma-san as someone had already stated, formerly of Kisaku. One loyal patron remarked that it was the first time ever in years that he has actually seen him cook!  If you are looking for a more well rounded Japanese experience, and want to dine like izakaya style, then focus on page 2 and 3 of the menu (page 1 is mostly the steaks and combos more suited for the masses). There's quite a few varieties to choose from, including your typical Japanese restaurant and izakaya fare, but from the type of offerings, seemed more in line towards my style.  Satsuma wagyu tataki - it's quite an expenditure at $25, and you get some condiments to eat it with, along with some ponzu sauce. The portions are generous, although having had the beef tataki at Ramen Izakaya Kagura, I rather enjoyed that version way more. Once you are finished with the beef, eat the romaine lettuce and ask for the house wasabi dressing to dip in...it's quite delicious. Don't YOLO while solo with this one...bring a few friends and share.  Gyu suji nikomi - stewed beef tendon with daikon, konnyaku, scallions. The red miso braise was a tad sweet for my liking, but overall a solid and pleasing rendition. They actually use beef tendons, as opposed to fatty beef at Sushi Sam's.  Gyu tan shio - a few slices of the beef tongue were a tad bit reddish, but this didn't bother me in the slightest. The tongue was a tad salt heavy, and would benefit from downing a few beers (or sake). A decent chew otherwise.  Tonjiru - good bowl of homestyle miso pork stew with carrots, daikon, potatoes.   Renkon chips - had a taste of this and it was not oily. Thin, crispy, and delicious.   Sashimi - decent, like most upper Peninsula izakaya sashimi cuts  Onion rings - after having these, don't even bother with fast food renditions or "onion blossoms". Good frying work here.  Yaki onigiri - your mind starts playing tricks on you once you have a wider range of eating experiences. The Yaki Onigiri was piping hot, but perhaps lacked the intense sear and carmelization of the right kind of soy sauce seasoning like that of Tanto or Gochi (where the end product tastes exactly like fresh Japanese rice crackers, or Senbei right off the roaster) and so far haven't encountered any other rendition elsewhere that comes close. For the area it's acceptable if you don't have other choices, but probably something I'll skip next time.  Tea service is $2, which gives you a pot with unlimited refills of hot water, and a large bag of Lupicia green tea with roasted brown rice (genmaicha), quite refreshing during and after the meal.  This is just my opinion, but wagyu steak done American style on a broiler or grill isn't quite my thing. I'd much rather have a quality piece of Japanese beef cooked over teppan (but not with a Benihana chef) or a sizzling platter. For that, guess you would have to fly to HK, Taipei, or Japan and eat at beef specialist restaurant, but we're in the USA.  Friendly service, although the restaurant may have some difficulties handling scale. So be forgiving, kind, and patient as you can, as they try to work things out...because we want this place to stick around instead of having another craptacular sushi jack of all trades restaurant pop up that has no sense of direction or soul in their execution.  

                Great J-food in an unexpected location inside a La Quinta Hotel.  Homemade styled comfort J-food that reminds me of my moms home cooking.  Great place to bring family & friends to eat.  Highly recommended to all! Hope to go back when I visit the Bay Area again.  

                The food is great, and the people who run the place are really friendly.  We like their lunch special bentos.  

                Just had the tuna carpaccio and it was awesome. Glad I read the review from Jay B. I am from NC and never had experienced so many flavors. Trying the Daikon salad next and the tuna roll . In the meantime check out the picture of the tuna carpaccio. The daikon salad was great  

                Fantastic selection and quality of food here.  Good services as well.  Deco is more hole in the wall but overall place is quite comfortable.  Definitely worth repeated visit.  

                I came here for dinner, and I had an OK experience. For appetizers, I tried the agedashi tofu and stewed pork belly. These were really good, and I wish I just stuck to appetizers. I was disappointed with my entree, which was the ribeye steak. I felt like it was way under seasoned. Even when I put the radish and garlic on it, not much flavor was detected. There weren't many desserts to choose from, but I chose the sesame ice cream. It was ok - I've had better.   The servers were friendly. You can even win a chance for Giants tickets.  

                My wife brought me from Dallas to San Fran to see a 49ers game.  We were told about this place...all we can say is it is awesome!  The food was delicious and very authentic.  You will not be disappointed.  

                I came here for dinner last week after previously seeing their "Grand Opening" banner up.  This location used to be Wasa Wasa Sushi, and became another Japanese restaurant (but one that emphasizes steak and cooked items rather than sushi).  According to the menu (and the restaurant name) the stars are supposed to be the steak items.  I went for the rib eye which was $25.  It was good but not a standout in my opinion (though I admit I'm not a steak expert).  They have other traditional Japanese cooked plates like tempura as well as carpaccio-style hamachi items.  I also order their steamed clam sake for $9.  It did come with some pretty big clam pieces, but unfortunately not too much sake which was my focus when I order that.  Service seems to be going thru some growing pains but not too bad.  

                Nothing special here. Prices are exorbitant for very average food. We had the curry pork katsu and the tuna sashimi. Curry katsu was nothing to wow about and I've gotten something similar at other places for $5-$7. Tuna sashimi was ridiculously expensive... About $17 bux for 9 small pieces of tuna, a small bowl of rice and miso... Totally not worth it. I've also gotten similar sashimi at other places for $10 or less and just as good if not better. I would not come back for the price they charge.  

                Where's the beef? I have been here four times for my beef fix, first for the prime rib-eye and wagyu tataki, and again after they added the Satsuma wagyu steak on the menu. This is definitely not the inferior American wagyu, if you can call it that, or feeder cattle which is imported from Japan and raised/processed in the US. The texture, marbleized meat and, of course, the taste is to die for.  I ordered an 8oz Satsuma wagyu steak (priced at $10 per ounce) which was cooked to perfection. Compare this to steakhouses that charge $250 or more for the same quality, if you can find Satsuma or Miyazaki wagyu on the menu. The meat melts on the top of your tongue like butter, but it also has the right texture where you bite into an explosion of "beefiness" like no other.  Add to my beef consumption, the wagyu tataki and gyu-tan (tongue) are also cooked to perfection and served in very generous portions. I paid more for only 4-5 slices of overcooked gyu-tan in so many izakaya's that this was a pleasant surprise, especially for the quality.  My friends and family, who are not all carnivores like me, also enjoyed the variety of well prepared seafood and izakaya style fare. I particularly liked the kenchin-jiru (soup w/veggies) and ton-jiru (pork base) with a hint of miso and perfectly cooked veggies like carrots, potatoes and burdock (not soggy or mushy). The garlic shrimp (I think) and tuna salad were excellent, although they could add some more dishes to the Seafood menu.  After all, it is named Bashamichi steakhouse and seafood!  They have a good selection of sake, shochu, wine (relatively inexpensive for the labels)and beer. Service is going through some growing pains, but the servers are all attentive and very pleasant. I love the location too. There is plenty of street parking along El Camino or at the hotel (free), so I don't have to fight for a parking space like I always do in the city or downtown Burlingame and San Mateo.  

                Excellent Japanese food! Owned and operated by Japanese, serve the best tonkatsu I've had outside of Japan. The karaage appetizer was also delicious. Free parking under the La Quinta--it doesn't look like much from the outside, but give it a try, you'll be very glad that you did.  

                The $16 for a few pieces of salmon sashimi that tasted like smoked salmon.. not okay. After complaining, the chef told us "due to regulations we preserve the fish, but all restaurants do this." Sorry.. but no.  We also ordered the ribeye and wagyu. They were pretty tasty but really expensive. I liked the tea though there was a $2 charge.  

                Want to feel like you're eating in Japan?  If you've ever eaten in Japan then you know the Japanese food there is rather superior to the Japanese food here.  Well same goes for Chinese food or pretty much any ethnic food (and contrasting with eating it in the originating country)  but food and food service in Japan is EXQUISITE.  (There's that word again - you say Bashamichi - EXQUISITE pops into my mind.)  BASHAMICHI is EXQUISITE.  Japanese owners, Japanese Chef, Japanese waitress extraordinaire.  Satsuma Wagyu Beef - FYI Kobe Beef is Wagyu Beef from Kobe.  Other kinds of beef are available, and good if you're on a tight budget, the owner distributes US and Japanese Beef, but shoot the works and go for the Wagyu!  Wash it down with the plethoria of sakes and other Japanese beverages available at Bashamichi Japanese Bistro.  This was my second visit and I meant to write the review with pictures but I'm having a lot of trouble trying to upload the pictures.  (Dumas)  One of my favorite young Rod Stewart songs was "Every Picture Tells A Story (Don't it...)" and the pictures don't do justice to the exquisiteness, the care put into the sourcing of and preparation that Bashamichi applies to each and every dish, each and every table, each and everything they do.   But you sure can taste it.    Wagyu Beef Tataki, I love the grilled tongue, we loved the pork belly on skewers, Hamachi kama is good but nothing special, then again it's never anything special anywhere but always tastes good.  Lotus root and bitter melon tempura, they do tempura well, we went to town with all 4 types of rice balls aka onigiri and they use really good rice and know how to perfectly onigiri it.   Asari Miso Soup tells you; how could you ever enjoy miso soup as much without putting clams in it ... Great sake selections and people who know how to serve and appreciate it ... I have a thing for grilled rice balls and Bashamichi has that down too!    San Francisco Bay Area Japanese Steakhouse, Seafood, and all the other good Japanese Food things are readily available and in abundance at Bashamichi. BUT; even better;  there is this great Japan vibe as soon as you walk in.  You could swear you were at your favorite neighborhood place in Japan once you settle in at Bashamichi.    Went back with a CEO who is very picky about food and not Japanese.  Try the fresh tuna, avocado salad which we did along with numerous other dishes and none was a dud.  CEO says:  "I'm going to come back here!  Everything was really good!  (exquisite)"  Okay, SUBLIME.  Read Kioko's review if you want the practical particulars.  Read Terry if you want the intangibles - Ahaha - Actually, take Terry to Bashamichi when you go and I may not be your friend for life, but I will be for a long time ...   How to feel like you're in Japan, the best aspects of without paying the airfare ... What Wagyu Beef is to regular beef, Bashamichi is to most other Japanese food. Subtle, not terribly showy but let your taste buds do the talking.  Speaking of, I talked to the waitress, the Chef and they add even more to the precious "best of Japan" ambiance so go and check it out for yourself and you will likely say, "Domo arigato gozaimasu" the next time you see me.  Don't forget to bow too ...   "Tres bien" Bashamichi Steak and Seafood, Japanese Bistro!  Well-played Bashamichi!  

                Good authentic Japanese food.  We ordered a variety of their appetizers and did not disappoint.  My favorites were the Poki Tuna (very fresh and flavorful), the fried lotus, and their Kobe was delicious.  The service was amazing, the waiter very friendly and courteous!  

