                My wife, mother-in-law and I went to Bella for our last meal before we were going to deliver our first child. Had to make it count and they did not disappoint! We went early and were the first ones to arrive for dinner. Kris took care of us and got us some waters and bread. The bread is fresh and delicious, and they serve it with balsamic, olive oil and cheese as a dipping sauce. Please try it.  I ordered the gnocchi special, with sausage and bacon in a tomato cream sauce. The gnocchi was pillowy and delicious. My wife got the chicken Parm and it was stunning. Cooked to perfection, nice thick cut of chicken with good sauce. The penne in pesto on the side was nice, as were the roasted veggies. My mother-in-law got the linguini siciliano and she loved it. The sausage was seasoned but not obnoxiously so, and the eggplant was cooked great to complement the pasta.  Now we are off to have a baby! Once that's done, we'll be back!  

                This place is amazing!  My roommate and I were craving Italian. It had been awhile since we had good authentic Italian food so we thought we'd give this place a try since the reviews were so good.  I think we made it before the dinner rush because we were the only ones there but it was a nice place, casual but classy and reasonably priced.  The waiter had a lot of good recommendations. They will pretty much make your pasta however you want. I couldn't choose between the lasagna and this other pasta that looked really good but the waiter helped me decide on the pasta since I always go w lasagna.   When our food came out, he brought the lasagna and I looked at him confused and he smiled and said I brought you both. I was pretty impressed at the above and beyond customer service. Everything we ordered was amazing. I don't think you can go wrong here.  

                I came in on a slow Friday, and was greeted upon entry and quickly seated. Service was great with prompt attention and regular check-ins without being too much.  I ordered one of the specials, consisting of Gnocchi, Italian sausage, fresh peas, bacon, and mushrooms in a creamy red sauce. It was excellent. I started with an excellent house salad with Gorgonzola cheese and candied walnuts with was very good for a salad. The house chianti is about average, but it priced right.  For dessert, the had some great options, and I admit that I lamed out ordering a molten chocolate cake at a place like this, but that's what I felt like, and it was great also.  Definitely coming back here.  

                I'm from Fremont visiting friends.  Love Fiore...1st time here tho.....I don't know...both realllly good.  Small, quaint, outside dining, great service (course not crowded Wed. nite), reasonably priced.   Exc balsamic/oil dipping sauce (like Fiore).. VG house salad..great presentation. Tried Penne w/sausage, mushrooms, bacon EXC. Everything was good.  

                Checked this place out due to the reviews. Very good food ( appetizer; egg plant, dinner; seafood with linguini & tortellini pasta) 2 beers, and a coke = $55.97.   Ate at Pasta Primavera (Treat blvd., next to Togos) paid about the same price and their food was terrible. Rate 1 star for Pasta Primaveta.  Good service at Bella, asked server what he recommend or likes, he suggested the sea food linguini. Definitely recommend this place. Don't waste your time with Pasta Primavera restaurant.   Another good Italian place is Sorentos in Walnut Creek, or Bucca de peppo in the city.  

                Tried to stop in for lunch today but unfortunately they were closed. Bummer. Well I was so bummed that there was an seemingly upscale Italian joint so close to my old home. Since not being a local anymore there are so many new places that have popped up that aren't even new anymore that I haven't tried. This was one of them.   I'm happy to report that I was not disappointed. Service was excellent. The restaurant was moderately busy but they always found time to refill water and bread promptly. We ordered the steam mussels appetizer, the fresca salad and for dishes we tried the veal saltimbocca, the lamb shank and the seafood lasagna. Everything was superb. High quality Italian food without the snobby atmosphere. The food was pretty rich, but not so much that you feel sick halfway through. Wonderful balance.  

                My husband and I got take out from this restaurant, and all in all it was pretty decent. I will say that some italian staples are not what you'd expect here. Call it creative license if you will, but I have never seen chicken parm in a tomato cream sauce and without a hole heap of mozz on top. Despite this, it was still pretty tasty. But as you can imagine, when you're jonesing for the former and get the latter, there's bound to be a bit of disappointment.  Portions appear to be fairly large, and price wise there are no complaints on my end. Two full sized entrees and an appetizer for about $40. Not too shabby!  

                We showed up for my mom's birthday dinner and sat down right away. It was a busy Saturday night crowd and the hustle and bustle was in full effect.  It took the waiter a little bit longer than expected to take our order.  The menu has plenty of options. I tried a little of everything that my family ordered. I ended up with the Swordfish,  one of the specials of the night. It was delish!  Why only 4 stars? Even though we were a large group and seemed hard to overlook...we were. It was hard to get anyone's attention for water and drink refills.  Also numerous attempts to get extra bread only allowed us some at the end of our meal. At the end of our meal, we ordered 1 decaf coffee and 3 regulars and they gave us the opposite.   Other than that it was delish.  We definitely give it another try in the future on a not so busy night.  

                My boyfriend and I went here just out of the blue as it was right across from our apartment complex. The restaurant looked way bigger from the outside! When you walk in there is not that much seating and huge mirrors on the wall which I guess make the place look slightly bigger. We were seated at a table next to another group of 4 people. It was a TIGHT squeeze. No music was playing whatsoever so we could all hear eachothers' conversations. There is no bar so don't expect to come here for happy hour! I gave this place a 3 star review because the service and food was great. They provide bread and this amazing dipping sauce of their own creation. I don't recommend going here with a big group of people.  

                We were headed to another local Italian restaurant nearby and they only had tables outside available. Uh, no thanks. So we went to Bella and I think it ended up being the better choice. The wait staff seated us right away and dinner got underway! The salads were very tasty. The special salad of the day included pears and they had a beautiful presentation  of the pears around the edge of the plate with dressing drizzled on it. The ceasar salad had some of the best Parmesan cheese shredded into it!  The main course was scallopini saltimbocca. Some in our party had the seared Ahi which they also raved about. What a great choice! The flavors were exceptional and kept me wanting more. We shared a couple lovely desserts, again with wonderful presentation. For a small restaurant the ambiance is very good and the staff does a great job caring for the patrons. We don't do Italian often, but will certainly keep this restaurant high on the list, especially when not wanting to go far from home.  

                Last night I was craving Veal Scallopini so the wife and I decided to try Bella. Absolutely hit the spot. Got a taste of my wife's gnocchi. Fabulous. Great service, nice ambience, and delicious food. What more could you ask for in a restaurant. Will definitely return and try some of their other offerings.  

                We really like this place. I tend to order the same dish because it's always good.  Linguine Con Granchio. The one thing I think they should add is larger nice wine glasses the small ones take away from the ambiance.  

                The four of us had dinner here for my birthday last week.  The food was excellent!  Service OK.  We put the tab on our credit card and left a large Cash tip on the table. When we got the charge on our credit card, they had added another $10.  I called the owner and he said he would investigate and get back to me.  He never called back. Unfortunately, we really like the food and it is close by but we will never go there again.  

                Bella surprises us with an excellent food showing.  Fettuccini Puttanesca was simple yet flavorful in a well-concocted tomato-based sauce with anchovies, garlic and herbs.  Linguine Con Granchio (Italian chow mein) is an interesting entree on the menu (though slightly dry) but full of crab meat and very well seasoned..  Tiramisu, a must-try, was moist and a delightful treat.  We did not like our bread not being warm but otherwise Bella is an excellent choice for dinner.  

                We love this place! Tucked away in a strip mall. Who would have known? Been here 5 times now for dinner and everything was amazing!  The staff is always so friendly,  the food is affordable with huge portions and soooo delicious!!!  The gnocchi is so good it melts in your mouth and the salcicia pasta dish is AMAZING! We are hooked!  

                My girlfriend and I had dinner there last night and this was really a very nice experience. The food is homemade and really some of the best italian I had. Everything from the crab salad to the spinach ravioli and the cheese cake with sorbet... one of the best ever! Of course the service made the food even more enjoyable. Highly recommend this place. Nice find!  

                Just stumbled onto when there dinner service started. They saw to me giving me any seat I wanted and I ordered one of the best salmon fillets I have ever eaten. It was cooked to perfection the light creamy mushroom sauce brought out the salmon flavor even more and with 20 bucks it was worth every cent. Planning my future dates already. Great Lil restaurant.  

                Don't try and make reservations cause they don't think about it till you show up. I think they may just be getting used to having larger crowds.  The food was very good but it was very frustrating to have to wait 30 mins for a table with a reservation.  

                Can't believe we've never been here before. Very pleasant staff, great food and inviting ambiance. Will definitely be back!  

                Every time we eat here it's never a disappointment. The staff know and suggest the best dished on the menu.  Very fast service, affordable prices and lots of near by parking.  I always order the veal while my wife gets a pasta or seafood dish.  I will be coming back soon.  

                Very good Italian-ish cuisine.  Wonderful wait staff.  A good find in the burbs.  My faves....Beet Salad, Pork Tenderloins, and Frutti Di Mare.  Ambiance is descent...especially considering what t hey have to work with: a corner lot in a a recently renovated strip mall.  They have a small outdoor seating area which seems like it'd be pleasant with the right cool breeze on a warm summer evening.  

                Great service and of course great food! This Italian restaurant is totally a hidden gem!  

                Always have a great meal.. Very generous with their wine pours :-) Always end up Ordering off their specials menu ..   Very tasty Fillet mignon Always cooked to my satisfaction  

                This place was Fantastico!!  Sister restaurant  to Luna in Concord ( another restaurant I love)  this place impressed us to every last detail.  It was the greatest day of the year...my Birthday : ) and what not a better place to celebrate the birth of a unique, wonderful, dedicated yelper,  to a nice authentic, local Italian restaurant, just about walking distance from our place : )  It was a Tuesday night and we made prior reservations for two at 5:45. The place was scarce when arriving though, started to fill up as the night went on.  From upon entering, we were immediately impressed with how professional our server conducted him self and how accommodating he was.   The restaurant is quite small though, with enough to probably seat around 30 people. Its more of a casual, low key upper scale feel,  providing a more comfortable atmosphere with very nice art-deco, cafe art adorned on the walls throughout.  We got a nice little table towards the back against the mirrored wall.  For drinks, I ordered a glass of Rutherford Cabernet Savignon priced at $8.50 and my hun ordered a diet coke. Bread was served shortly after receiving drinks, accompanied with a Gorgonzola, oil and vinegar dipping sauce that was incredible! I did not have the bread but the dip was good : )  For our appetizer, I went with the Eggplant Napoleon  at $ 9.95  which is baked eggplant with buffalo mozzarella and basil. For our main dishes, I decided to go with something basic and that I know I would like which was the Penne Pesto with Pollo for $ 13.95    It is just penne pasta with chicken and roasted tomato in a creamy pesto sauce. My hun ordered the Pollo Parmigiana for  $ 15.95  which is breaded chicken breast with basil, served with penne pesto sauce.  Eggplant Napoleon arrived first looking hand's down delicious! Which turned out to be just that UM A ZING!! I think its similar to the one they make at Luna. Its presentation was beautiful and the sauce was a creamy tomato like sauce that married the eggplant and cheese just beautifully!! Mu-ah!!  Then our main entrees arrived looking just as good. My huns Parmagiana looked mouthwatering and was quite generous in portion. My pesto dish was just heavenly!! Nice freshly made pesto cream sauce along with nice cuts of chicken..sooo good : ) I also had a bite of my huns chicken parmagiana which was not bad at all.  Overall, nice casual non pretentious atmosphere, professional, accommodating service, Fantastically, fresh food all at quite reasonable prices.  One of my new faves!  

                Their 4-star average rating is definitely accurate; very well could be 5-stars, but we'll see if the second visit goes as perfectly or if the first visit was just a lucky fluke...?  Everything we ordered was awesome!    --fresh ingredients  :) --made to order  :) --arrived hot and in a timely manner  :) --service was great  :) --seating was a bit tight  :/ --back door allowed street noise into our area  :(   Plus, when they didn't have exactly what I wanted on their menu, the server & chef offered to make it anyways!  Wow, how's that for wanting to please the customer :)  

                Went here because Fiore was closed and my aunt was craving Italian. I was pleasantly surprised by the place. The food was great-I had porcini mushroom and black truffle raviolis. My aunt had crab and artichoke ravioli. We both enjoyed very much. Definitely coming back with my boyfriend!  

                We decided to give this place a try over Fourth of July holiday after realizing our desperate search for sushi was a bust. Not one of our sushi places nearby was open.   It is always nerve racking entering dining out with our newborn - okay he is no longer a newborn but still an infant and our first...luckily he slept and when he was awake he just stared at everything.  He was such a good little boy, hubby and I were able to enjoy our food wHiCh WaS DELICIOUS!!!  Service was spot-on and made us feel as though we were understood. Our challenges as new parents who are still trying to have a date night with baby-tag-along was accepted and welcomed.  I had the special ravioli which was so good I practically licked the plate clean...I actually would have if we were home...  The wine pour was a pour and then some which was very welcomed!  Service, great taste, small intimate and family friendly - yeah, we'll be back.  

                I would like to thank the heavy traffic and construction in Walnut Creek one Friday afternoon for inadvertently and serendipitously leading us to this gem of a restaurant. Wary at first due to the location in a busy corner in Clayton Road near Panda Express,  we made reservations thinking "What the heck, we've got nothing else better to do, let's just eat here and call it a day." I was pleasantly surprised at how good this place was. I had to swallow my pride and tell my husband he was right in recommending Bella and that I was sorry for misjudging it  based on the location.     I had my trepidations reviewing Bella.   I wanted to keep this a secret so people wouldn't come because we want to have this place all to ourselves, however we love this place and we want this place to be here forever.  What do you do when you love something so much? You shout out your declarations "I LOVE THIS PLACE!" The regular and the seafood lasagna was good as well as the filet mignon and the butter noodles. For starters we usually order the Bella salad comprised of mixed greens walnuts and feta cheese.      The food looks as good as it tastes. I hate restaurants that swirl some weird design on their entree to create the illusion that it is fancy, therefore it is expensive and tasty. Not this place.     There is a limited wine selection, but they are generous in their portions unlike some restaurants who pour a mere few drops of  wine that I often thought they were offering me a sample.     The servers were courteous and pleasant.  Parking here was easy.  We've been here a few times and never had a problem with the place being too crowded. Bella. A restaurant deserving of its name.  

                I LOVE this place! What a little gem it is. My brother, boyfriend, and I  took my 89 year old wheelchair bound grandmother here to eat and the whole experience was delightful. The restaurant is kind of small but we didn't feel crowded where as at Luna we did. Also, it was nice and quiet which is great for my granny because her hearing isn't that great and she won't use a hearing aid, so we don't like to go to noisy restaurants. We had the bread dip which was awesome and they gave it to us on the house. We had the pork medallions, pumpkin ravioli, Capesante, and swordfish. Everything tasted fresh and was perfectly cooked. They do a fried carrot garnish on the mashed potatoes which we all loved. For dessert we had Tiramisu which was also very good. Our server was Marco and he was  awesome! Very kind and polite and funny too - he had great repore with all of us.  This is definitely a place we will go back to. Others have compared the food to Fiore and Luna and in my opinion it was better than both.  

                Excellant resturant...with attentive service. Highly recommend this neighborhood gem..  

                GREAT FOOD.  what a find and perfect for lunch.  the chicken picata is outstanding.  salmon too.  anywhere near walnut creek, take the extra 5 min drive and try this place.  affordable, top quality.  great eats.   $12 to $15 for lunch.  veggies best i have had in a very long time.... brad  

                Date night with the hubby went amazingly! We came in at 4:30pm, and were instantly seated inside. The atmosphere was pretty, although since we were the only ones there the sounds from the kitchen were kind of loud (-1.)  We started with bread and oil, which were above average. Then, the main courses came out and we were blown away. My spinach ravioli was to die for. Hubby loved his salad w/nuts. We ordered the molten chocolate for desert, and were pleasantly surprised by the perfect (and delicious) portion.  We left the restaurant at the optimal level of fullness. The service was prompt without being rushed. Our wallet was happy, and more importantly, so are we.  

                Trying out the lasagna, halibut and the lamb shank. Lasagna was cooked well and the top was not to crispy.  The halibut was deliciously moist and flavorful.  The lamb was very tasty and flavorful.  Bella service is excellent and the atmosphere is serene.  Will be back again.  

                This is by far the best Italian restaurant I have ever been to. All of their dishes are flavorful and well seasoned with creamy sauces that are mouthwatering. The portions are large and they are extremely resonably priced. I have yet to find a dish that I do not love.  

                After all the reviews I read I expected this place to be top notch. The food tasted good, but the prawns were over cooked. The server didn't know the answer to almost any of the questions I had regarding ingredients or wine pairings. Maybe he was new, but it didn't appear that way. The low rating is because I had high expectations, otherwise it would probably be a 3.  

                I was skeptical first but food was pretty good. Been here like five times but I only gave four start because cioppono was just ok.  

                Ate outside on patio as sun was setting.  Wonderful ambiance.  Yet another great dining experience.  The waiter was attentive (but not bothering) to water re-fills, wine re-fills, sharing dessert.  Food was outstanding.  Had the salmon fettuccine - plenty of food.  Friends had raviolis and special salad for dinner.  We even got the olives as an appetizer.  Wonderful taste.  And the presentation on the mixed berry tart for dessert was amazing - lots of  colorful lines on plate.  

                I love everything about this little spot ! Food is bomb, service is super fast and friendly. Not too pricey..always parking !  

                I went into this place for lunch today with a friend. It was an unplanned lunch so we didn't expect much...boy was I wrong.  The bread they brought out in the beginning was warm and the olive oil, balsamic & fetta cheese mix was REALLY GOOD.  Then came the meal:  I had Penne Pasta with chicken in a pesto sauce...it was probably a gazillion calories but I did not care...it was SO good.  The portions were very good and the cost was very reasonable.  The service was good too.  Jackpot, I'll def visit this place more often.   A nice little hidden treasure  

                Haven't been here in a while, and stopped in with the family.  The food was a bit delayed, but the owner graciously apologized and offered free glasses of wine. Then for the food. We had the porcini mushroom with truffle ravioli and were in HEAVEN! Better than many of the Italian restaurants in Italy! The frutti di Mari was fresh and delicious and the kids devoured the pumpkin ravioli. Highly recommend this friendly restaurant!  

