                Who would have thought a deli in a trailer park could be so good? We almost didn't go in because we weren't too sure about the location, but like the old saying goes "you can't judge a book by its cover" I ordered the SSS ( Sausalito side slapper ) on the herb bread, so so delicious, perfectly marinated chicken, flavorful sun dried tomato mayo spread, melted Jack cheese, pepperchini, sautéed onions and fresh baked herb bread. My fiancé ordered the pesto italian sub, his was really good too but didn't chance a chance next to the SSS. 16 bucks for two subs and a large drink, they even threw in a free chocolate chip cookie! Perfect stop right off the 101.  

                Great sandwiches that are consistent every time I treat my self to this place.  Bread is bakes fresh daily and still warm when you order. Meat is high quality and the people are passionate and generous.  

                This place was really good! We did stop here because of the Yelp reviews, my wife found it as an alternative to other sandwich shops in wine country.  The salads were very good, too. I really liked the potato salad, it was not run-of-the mill.  Nice people running it, too. She gets a few extra points from me for adding a few serifs to their sandwich label lettering. :)  

                Fresh baked bread, inside smells good. It's very clean and the prices are reasonable.  Staff is very nice.  I will be coming back.  

                Belli Deli is owned and operated by the sweetest people and care so much about the satisfaction of the customer. The sandwiches are great and they have a huge selection of other snacks. I always enjoy my visit when I choose to stop by for a quick lunch.  

                This sandwich shop was absolutely perfect! They open 8am and bake bread in oven also contents in sandwiches are fresh and delicious  

                I had this place bookmarked for some time due to all the good yelp reviews.  And today I went out of my way to visit this place for the first time.    I have to say I wasn't that impressed.  Yes they seem to be a very nice couple. But I'm more about the food than how nice the owner is. The sandwich (turkey, bacon, avocado) was bland and mediocre at best. The homemade bread was the best thing about it.  And even that is not much to write home about.  And the place itself has the vibe of a market on highway 5.  My guess is most of their customers and fans are either Fireman'a Fund employees who work close by and have not much lunch options, or the folks who live at the adjacent trailer park.    I was going to give them two stars but will add one just because they were nice folks.  Yet I don't see myself going back there.  I know of much better options in Novato.  

                I come here often during my lunch breaks. It's fairly close to the freeway, and probably one of the better delis in Novato. The staff here are really friendly, and the sandwiches are pretty good, and not too pricey.  The thing that I like the most is probably the fact that they let you pay AFTER you finish your lunch (providing that you done in).  Sometimes they'll even thrown in a free cookie or a bag of chips!  I definitely would recommend this place if you are driving thru the Bay Area  

                Gotta 100% agree with Ari B on this one.  The folks who run this place are lovely, wonderful people.  And the prices are CHEAP!  But if you judge it solely on the food, eh, they're sandwiches alright, but there's no trophies to be awarded here.  

                Ahh, the power of Yelp.  How else could a little deli tucked into an RV park get so many visitors and get out-of-towners like me to literally crave a sandwich I've never tasted.  Mission: J-dub requested a place to pick up sandwiches for our day trip to Marin.  Easy enough I thought.  Skipping the usual supermarket delis (Whole Foods, Safeway) and chain sandwich shops, two likely candidates emerged while filtering through Yelp results.  One in Sausalito but was not open on weekends and Belli Deli.  Done.  Tucked on the backside of the laundry facilities at the RV Park next to the freeway is Belli.  Run by a husband and wife, the sandwiches are superb.  No frills sandwiches, but well-made and fresh ingredients.  Though not piled high like Togos, the flavor is where it's at.  We ordered the Marco (eggplant and roasted peppers), the Atherton (Turkey, Bacon, Avocado, Jack Cheese) , and couple of custom sandwiches -- kids these days.  Everything was scarfed down once we reached Rodeo Beach.    Belli even threw in a couple of cookies for dessert.    There is seating inside and refrigerated cases of beer, soda, water, etc.  We got ours to go.  About 4 choices in bread, including a foccacia that are made the same day.  If not, they'll let you know if a bread is a day old.  $7-8 per sandwich.  I guess if you put out good food, keep prices reasonable, the Yelp word of mouth gets out, and you get people like me searching for a deli in an RV park.  Food: 5 P/C: 5 Service: 5  

                I work from home in Novato and, while our downtown is adorable, the options for a quick, grab-and-go lunch that I can bring home and eat while I work (because I'm terrible about making my own lunch, even when my kitchen is 10 steps away), are slim. Discovered Belli on Yelp and have to agree with just about everyone else -- it's amazing that this place does so well given the location, but that's the power of word of mouth. The sandwiches are delicious! I had the Napa BLT and it's probably one of the better BLTs I've had in a while. Perfect ratios and the fresh bread just clinches it. Highly recommended, and I'll be back often.  

                Their sandwiches are amazing and Marins best kept secret. Come by for a great sando and great service!  

                Quality sandwiches from some quality people.  They are always friendly when I walk in and often times they give me a bonus cookie for free.  Kind of a weird location in Novato (it's in a RV park) but it's worth the drive out if you want a sandwich from somewhere other then Subway.  

                Yummiest sandwiches ever!!!  When we came there, I was fooled by appearance. The place looked pretty dull, I thought that the sandwiched will be kinda the same too. Very patient owner was waiting for us to decide. We decided to trust yelp and split a sandwich to see how it will go. Boy... could I be more wrong. They bake their own bread, which is awesomely spangly to adsorb some kind or homemade paste. It was seriously yummy. Strong bold taste of cheese and avocado with bacon softened by bread and fresh turkey. I never thought a cold sandwich can be an experience. Anyway, I love to be proven wrong in this kind of situations.  

                Tasty spot. I love their BLT. It's simple but the freshly cooked herb bread and sun-dried tomato mayonnaise make this an excellent sandwich.   The customer service is always great here. They are very friendly and always throw in a free cookie for dessert which is a nice touch.  

                Our new favorite locally owned deli.  Ever.  I had the chicken salad sandwich on a large homemade herb roll and my husband had the vegetarian roasted eggplant on home baked focacia.  Super clean and great service.  My husband who is the most fussy vegetarian ever ate his entire eggplant sandwich in 5 minutes, he said it was the best sandwich ever, and his favorite deli in town now.  and the next day, he wanted to go back again!  Yes, it's in an RV park in northern Novato, and we saw some very fancy luxury RVs parked here.  I can't wait to try the other homemade deli items next time, like the potato salads, hot wings, etc.  And the owner gave me a free choco chip cookie... and it was delicious too.  Thanks Yelp for letting us find this place..  

                Somewhat of a chore to find but in the end it's worth it. You immediately smell the fresh baked bread and they don't skimp on portions. Came in for a basic turkey sandwich and left extreme satisfied.  

                A hidden gem.  As soon as you walk into this deli the smell of fresh baked bread hits you and it is wonderful.  The food is amazing.  Great sandwiches on freshly baked bread.  And the couple running it were so incredibly nice and friendly!  It is a hidden gem, but it is very easy to get to, just a stones throw off of Hwy 101.  Great food and great owners, you do not find that too often these days. I recommend you to stop by.  

                Delicious bread makes delicious sandwiches. Our family has been going here for years. These wonderful people make a point to remember your name and your sandwich. Always made with perfect precision, you will enjoy any sandwich. Our favorites are the Mona Lisa and the Cobb. Stop by to see this hidden gem.  

                This is our new favorite deli.  They bake their own sandwich bread, which is essentially a large dinner roll.  The turkey club is absolutely delicious, and the deli itself is really cute and totally unpretentious.  

                You will not find a nicer sandwich anywhere!  I've been going here for years, and the quality of ingredients, and the precision of how they build a sandwich is just tops! They even bake their own bread every day! I'm always glad to have an excuse to drive north to Novato on a week day just to drop by and grab my favorite sandwich. Atherton Club on Herb Roll!  Please drop by the shop and give their sandwich a try. This is not the same as the one in San Rafael, much much better.  

                Definitely a hidden gem in Novato. Tucked behind the main office and laundry room of an RV park, Belli Deli is a pleasant surprise run by super nice folks. I discovered this place about a month ago and have been working my way down the menu one sammy at a time. So far my two favs are the Cobb Sandwich (with crumbled blue cheese, mmmm) and the Sausalito Side Slapper (served hot). But all five or six that I've had have been yummy. My wife (a vegetarian) loves this place too, as there are several meatless options from which to choose. Bonus: Free cookie with ever order!  

                Cobb Salad Sandwich on herb roll = perfection. Very plain, no-frills deli, but the sandies are always great. Owners are always nice & grateful for your business.  

                awsome  

                Belli Deli makes my tummy say yummy! It's not much for decor, but it is good for a flavorful sandwich on the run and it doesn't hit the wallet too hard either..  Belli Deli is the perfect sando hookup spot. Plus I kind of like saying "Belli Deli"..  

                The man who runs the place is super nice! He always gives me a free cookie with my sandwich :) I haven't had a better sandwich anywhere else, there's something delicious about the freshly baked whole wheat roll... My mouth is watering right now!  Not centrally located in Novato but if you want a delicious sandwich from a local deli, neither Perry's nor tagliaferi could beat this place.  

                We had lunch there today and I have to agree it was terrific!  We both had a salad, and they were made from scratch while we waited.  Fresh ingredients, nice size portion and the bread was yummy ttoo.  Very clean, friendly and on a Saturday afternoon there was a steady stream of customers which tells me people know it's a good place.  

                Good homemade buns. Great selection of good sandwichs. Friendly people. Fast service.  

                Perfect. My car was overheating on the 101 in traffic. I needed to find something quick, and stumbled upon this very tidy, friendly mini-mart / deli / oasis. the food was great, the place was spotless, and they gave me a free cookie because my salad took a few extra minutes.  

                I'm here probably once per week getting a sandwich or salad. Fresh bread made everyday in the deli, fresh produce, price is right, and Michael and Susan are the nicest owners. Recommend the Dagwood or Cobb Salad Sandwich. You may even get a cookie.  UPDATE August 2011: My new most favorite thing in the world right now is the chicken salad sandwich with jalapeno peppers. Holy cow, I had three of them last week, Susan thought I was crazy. Yeah, crazy for that sando.  

                Ordered one sandwich and became hooked.  The owners put a lot of attention to detail and service for you.  They're friendly, welcoming and the place feels rather homey (not to mention the food was delicious!).  I'd absolutely recommend their deli to anyone :)  

                I wish the owners would adopt me because they are the nicest most polite people. They give you their undivided attention and give a sincere thank you when you leave. Everything is clean and all the ingredients are super fresh. My coworkers and I visit this place pretty regularly and the owner always tucks a free homemade cookie or two into our to go bags.  

                Amazing little place. Try the veggie section. They taste amazing!!  Little costly, but worth it!  

                My work orders lunch from this place, I've never actually been so I don't want to give 5 stars. They have nice hefty quality sandwiches for $6-7.   I've had the Atherton Club sandwich and the Petaluma Larry's Screamin' Garlic Sandwich, both of which are super tasty. The Atherton is on a nice wheat roll which is very soft and chewy. The sandwiches are pretty light but very filling.   I've also had one of their brownies, which is huge and delicious. They also have other side items like kettle chips, tea, and cookies. Can't wait to try some of their other sandwiches!  

                Don't be deterred by the fact that it's in a trailer park! The bread is super tasty and fresh. I'm pretty sure they bake it on site. The sandwiches are all  really great! The owners are super nice, they remember my husband's name (even though he only goes there maybe, once every three months)! Definitely check this place out.  

                Absolutely fantastic service, quality, taste, and selection!  I called ahead for 6 sandwiches, all the accommodations I needed were made and the owner even helped me to the car.  The bread is a great soft roll which they bake daily there.  Go here, do it.  

                Wow, how do people like this place so much, A glorified hamburger bun with bad product .  The product inside the sandwich was bad.  Nice friendly staff but if you cant make a sandwich what does it matter.  I wont go there again.  

                Agree with most other reviews. Excellent bread, nice owners that take pride in their product, great service, great sandwiches. I've tried the tuna, chicken pesto, Petaluma Larry's Screamin' Chicken, and a couple others. All made with care, all delicious!  

                Yum!  What a great sandwich!  It is hard to be moved enough to write a 5 star review about such a humble lunch option but dang, this place is THAT GOOD!  I second the other reviewer - don't be put off by the fact it is in a trailer park.  It is SPOTLESS and has a few lovely tables to enjoy if you want to eat in.  This is a true mom-and-pop place and they take great pride in making their own breads and making each sandwich with care.  They have all the regular sandwich options but lots of unique specialties as well.  They are well worth the extra drive!!  

                Best-kept secret in town!!  If you want amazing sandwiches of all types, come here!  Privately-owned, you'd think twice about pulling into the public parking lot area of an RV Park.  But once you leave the deli, you'll remember to stop by and load up on lunches here for your local nature trips, be it hiking, camping, or just a day at the beach.  Anyone working local will be addicted.  Being almost vegan, I go for the Marco Eggplant sandwich on a herb roll.  Best for take-outs!  

