                I'm glad this place opened in San Carlos; it really adds something to the area. The food is good, and they have a full bar and solid tap list. The menu is upscale pizza, both thin-crust an deep-dish style. The salads are impressive.   The place tends to be busy on weekend nights; it's a veritable who's-who of San Carlos family dining.  The service can be hit-or-miss, but luckily pizza is not a high-maintenance meal.  

                We ordered the chicken pesto in the deep dish form factor. Good points: very cheesy, and the tomatoes had the texture of fresh made sauce; crust was fantastic. Bad points: hardly any pesto or chicken. I had 2 slices and I'm pretty sure my teeth never met a piece of meat. When I think of pesto on pizza, I think of a good enough smear of pasty stuff that you can taste it. Not this one: it was a drizzle over the top of the pizza that consisted mostly of oil. With all the tomato flavor competing, it was strictly decorative. Volume-wise, the price was not unreasonable, but I still felt a little ripped off.   Garlic 'bread' was actually pizza bread with garlic. I guess if you have a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I was pleased with the beautiful strips of basil scattered over, but I was expecting traditional garlic bread. The menu description doesn't lead you to understand this is not traditional garlic bread.  The host was very pleasant and welcoming; the waitress friendly enough and did check on us once during our meal. I think we were effectively forgotten after we passed on a second round of alcoholic drinks; I had to ask for a refill on the tiny glasses of water.   The place is really noisy and it wasn't even a weekend evening.  

                As a San Carlos resident, I was really excited to get our own Blue Line location. I treated my 12 year old son to a dinner there.   Pro - the deep dish pizza really is amazing! My kids love the appetizers.  Con - the noise level inside is SOOOO loud. Seriously, crazy loud. All the surfaces are hard and the sound bounces everywhere. My son and I could barely talk as we sat across the table from one another.   On subsequent visits I've sat outside and that's been great.  

                I don't get it. Got the deep dish Classic with Italian sausage, mushrooms, onions, green bells and I thought it was nothing special. Kinda like a  Pizza Hut pizza in deep dish form. But a small for close to $20.  The spicy chicken wings and spicy meatballs were not spicy at all. Meatballs were rubbery and the chicken was dry. The baby carrots that it came with were very thin and sad. Good thing we went during happy hour when the appetizers are half off.  

                On my virgin voyage to this Blue Line location, this thin-crust pizza loving fool noticed most tables were embellished with deep dish pies.   Despite a long wait, we got lucky with bar seats in front of their impressive 6-taps of craft beers. After a quick peruse of the wine list, which didn't thrill me--they do offer a wide range of varietals by the glass that will please most--I ordered one of my favorite local craft brews, Drakes Porter, which was on-tap and served in a frosty pint glass. We were off to an excellent start!  As we watched more deep dishes being served, we decided to go rogue and order one too; a large sausage so we'd have extra to take home.   We started with the grilled shishito peppers, something we always enjoy, and while the peppers were tasty, they were sprinkled with large salt flakes that dissolved too quickly verses the usual sea salt crystals that linger to add delight to each bite. The casserole-like pie was delicious! Not a typical deep dish--way better. Upon leaving, we nearly dropped the take-home box because it was so heavy!   Service was excellent, including bartenders with endless smiles. (Sometimes you get slighted at the bar when the bartenders are also servicing the entire restaurant, but this was not the case at Blue Line.)  With both thin and thick crust options, this place is a crowd pleaser. And compared to many places on the peninsula, a value. Like all Blue Lines, this restaurant gets busy so expect a wait despite a large seating capacity inside & outside.   Room for improvement? The place was loud (could only hold a conversation with the person next to you), ambiance at this location didn't add to our experience, and there aren't enough restrooms for the seating capacity (there was always a line).   Already looking forward to trying their meatball deep dish...  

                I've visited the Campbell location several times for appetizers & cocktails during the warmer months. *Side note, they have a great sidewalk area to soak up the sunshine.* After recently visiting the San Carlos location for a holiday dinner I was able to try the pizza & felt a review was in order. As with the Campbell location, the San Carlos location is clean with modern decor. Not your typical divey pizza joint. Unfortunately, they don't take reservations which is my only gripe. This can present problems when you have a big group as we did. Luckily, we came in early & they had a cancellation so it wasn't an issue. We were seated in the upstairs section where the servers were very prompt & informative of the menu.   Our group started off with cocktails & the Shishito peppers. Their peppers are my favorite & I order them every time. Delicious! BLP also has a tasty cocktail menu that changes up seasonally. I went for a cucumber concoction that was refreshing & not overly sweet. Right up my alley. We also shared a couple of pie's (that's pizza for you non-Italians). We ordered the Classic deep dish & the White Pie which is thin crust. Both were delicious. I'm usually not a fan of deep dish as the bread fills me up too quickly, but the cornmeal crust was SO good. I'd have to say the White Pie was my favorite & I could have eaten the entire pie myself. It was light with great flavor. I'd suggest this one to folks that suffer from acid reflux (like myself) as red sauce is usually too acidic.  The entire dining experience was a great one. Great pie's, cocktails, appetizers, & service. I will definitely come back in to try more of their pie's.  

                Simplicity itself. Best thin crust on the peninsula. Charming, warm staff. Great location for people watching. Roasted peppers with melted goat cheese are not to be missed.  

                i've had my eye on this pizzeria for several years, ever since i first saw it in campbell (which i believe is the first blue pizza in silicon valley).  in the last few years, blue line has expanded to include locations in daly city, burlingame, san carlos, and mountain view, so no matter where you live along the peninsula/south bay, you're never too far from a blue line restaurant!  since we were already in san carlos running some errands, we decided to come here for a late lunch on saturday afternoon.  having lunch around 2.30/3 is a great time since there are fewer patrons, which means no wait for a table, and full attention from the staff!  hubby and i ordered the 12" thin crust pesto chicken ($18.95) which came with pesto, roasted chicken, mushrooms, roasted red peppers, and onions.  we were forewarned that it would take approximately 15-20 minutes to prepare and bake our pizza, which was a fair wait time, and i estimate that it was about 20 minutes before our pizza was delivered to our table, piping hot!  let me start by saying that if you're expecting the super thin, soft, and chewy NY style crust that can be rolled up and eaten, then you will be disappointed, b/c this is not exactly that.  this crust was very thing, slightly chewy, but also slightly crispy with burnt edges, so you could not roll it up.  i, however, enjoyed this combination of chewy yet crispy crust, b/c i don't think i've ever had this style of thin crust before.  the chicken and veggies were generously scattered throughout the pie and i loved that the amount of cheese wasn't overpowering, like some other pizzas i've had.  the chicken, especially, was very fresh, and all white meat, my preferred type of chicken!  my only negative would be the quality of the red peppers as i felt that they were a bit on the soggy side, which made me think that they came out of a jar instead of being freshly cut.  the service was great as we were constantly checked upon by our waitress as well as another server.  sitting outside was perfect on this warm saturday afternoon as we were able to take in the beautiful weather and people watch.  i highly recommend this blue line location and look forward to visiting some of the other locations around silicon valley.  

                Although I am sure I will get some negative mail, let me begin with I am not anti-children in restaurants or anti-child (I have one although she is 30) but when did Blue Line Pizza in San Carlos turn into a "Chuck E. Cheese"?  We have been patronized  this location since it opened and the service and food quality is the best as it was Friday night when we were there but my god it was noisy due to all the screaming unsupervised kids.  We asked to be moved as did others and were accommodated but there were so many unsupervised kids running between tables that was distracting and made the meal unemployable.  I know it is not the restaurants responsibility to manage the patrons kids and  generally these parents are going to let their kids run wild but we will not be back  despite the excellent service and food.  

                In the 10+ years I've lived in the Bay Area, apart from that time I got off on the wrong CalTrain stop, I've never had much reason to be in San Carlos. Truthfully, I'd written the area off as just another suburb on route to San Francisco.  However, now that I'm a mortgage-holding Peninsula-dweller, I've been zipping past the San Carlos main drag more often, and on a lark decided to wander around for a bite to eat.   Yelp steered me towards Blue Line, which I was pleased to see is the Peninsula cousin of Little Star in SF. The indoors looked chic enough to fit right in on Valencia, and comfortable sidewalk tables abound. Although deep dish is their signature, we opted for a thin crust Greek pizza and a "Bacon and Blue" salad. The "small" salad was crisp and satisfying, a generous starter size for two that could easily be a full entree for a hungry singleton. The pizza, too, impressed - the crust was crisp with olive oil and reminded me more of The Cheeseboard in Berkeley then, say, Delfina's take on thin pizza. The sauce was bright and flavorful, and the sun dried tomatoes were chewy bursts of intense tomato goodness.   Drink menu seemed very tempting - will return for libations.  Our verdict: on par with their urban rivals, but with better parking. Fear of missing out on the city food scene was my biggest UF! when moving back to the burbs, but I am loving the trend of SF's best (Delfina, Ikes, etc) setting up outposts further south. Keep it up, guys!  

                Fantastic pizza place. Atmosphere is nice and clean. Best pizza I've had and I am very picky about my pies. Try the barbecue chicken/white pie pizza, it is so delicious. The staff were excellent and very attentive. Amy was our bar tender/waitress and she did a superb job. Also Alejandro did not wait on us but he too helped us and recommended the yummy pie choice.  Blue line will be my new pizza spot.   Wish they delivered because this would of been our go to spot.  

                Having had Little Star Pizza on my radar for ages, I was stoked to give Blue Line a try.  The signature Blue Line deep dish was very tasty - fresh ingredients throughout, no excessive acidity at all from the tomatoes and a wonderfully crunchy cornmeal crust that stayed that way even after cooling.  Definitely better than Zachary's and comparable to some of the places I tried in Chicago.  Additionally, the meatballs were very well done and certainly worth trying too.  To go along with the food, there's a respectable selection of beers on draft and a focused cocktail list to go along with it.  

                Would give this 3.5 stars if I could.  Bottom line is that we enjoyed our pizza and we'd eat here again.  Was hoping for something to rival the deep dish pizzas I've had in Chicago (e.g., Lou Malnati's).  Didn't do it for me, although that was probably too much to ask outside of Chicago.  Also was happy that they accommodated our request to do a half-and-half pizza.  Microbrew selection was decent too.  The pizza did not come out in the estimated time, even though we went later in the evening when the restaurant was not crowded.  

                The pizza was amazing crispy thin crust yummy sausage and the salads were great!  If they had heaters outside that would help for the cold.   The service tonight was not great we had to get up several times and come inside to ask for basic things like water and napkins. Our server brought our check before asking if we wanted dessert.   Dessert took to long to come so we left before we could have it but it sounded good :)  

                Love this location almost as much as Burlingame. Blue Line is my favorite pizza in the Bay Area. Be sure to order 'The Butcher Shop' (thin crust with cheese, pepperoni, sausage, roasted chicken, and bacon) and yes, I'm serious. For those that have issues with dairy like me, order 'The Fiery Delight' (thin crust with no cheese, extra pepperoni, jalapeños, green peppers). SPICYYYYY. #lovethisplace  

                I have been here two times now and each time I am more impressed.   The most recent visit I ordered the pesto chicken pizza which comes as a thin crust, but the waiter wrote down deep dish. I kindly told them that it was supposed to be thin crust and the manager immediately came out to apologize and that they would rush my order. They even offered to replace my sister's pizza so that ours came out at the same time.   They ended up giving us my pizza and diet coke for free. I was never given a reason to be upset as they acted with the utmost customer service. Keep up the good work!  

                I've been coming here since they've opened. I'm writing a review based on tonight's experience.  Food : good. Appetizer was Spicy meatballs, I always like it, never disappoints me. Ordered a small deep dish custom pizza, ended up having to get it to-go at 11:10pm because there was no bar service, meaning I had to order only water because our server told us the bar was closed, after taking our appetizer plates, and before bringing our main course, yet we never got asked if we wanted a last round. Price : average for San Carlos. a $60 tab for 2 people is normal here. But mind you, they "closed the bar" so we only had 2 drinks, one app, one to-go pizza. Experience : I'll probably never come back after tonight's experience. I know coming into a restaurant at 10:45pm in San Carlos is "late", but come on! We ordered our appetizer and 2 drinks, immediately after being seated (even though two other people walked in after us and got served/seated before us) when our two drinks were brought to us, I placed our custom deep dish order. I apologized to our server even sayin I'm sorry it's so late. She was nice, didn't complain. She brought our appetizer, we ate it. When she came to pick up our plates, we wanted to order another round of drinks, but she said "bar is closed". Our pizza wasn't even served yet. So long story short. We got our food to go and left.  The bar was still serving the 8 people sitting at it. Plus the other table of 2 (who got sat/served before us, even though we were there first).  I will never recommend this place to anyone after the service tonight. I work in the service industry, and to tell two people you won't serve them, if you're still serving the other 10 people, is plain rude.  Y'all lost over $100 from us that night, we left and ate our food at another place and had drinks. I can not wait until the new pizza place opens up down the street & blue line has to train their "employees & managers" to serve correctly. Overall : come here if its the last option. Every restaurant in San Carlos has better service/food than this place.  

                Like the one in Campbell,it is casually comfortable and has enough of a pizza and meal selection for anyone who wants and Italian food mix.The thin crust pizza selection is consistent at both and delicious.I was in the area so went knowing if it a "chain" in the traditional sense it would be just as good as my home Blue Line I can walk to in Campbell.And it was.See my post of that one.I think they will be around a good long while competing somewhat with the Patxi chain that is a bit more upscale.  

                I'm not so much of a pizza person, but this place has gotten my attention. Word of mouth tells me to order their deep dish Blue Line Pizza which is equivalent to the "Little Star."   No lie that it's delicious and makes you never want to try any other pizza again. It has a perfect balance of ingredients and light on the tomato sauce (Perfect for those who get heart burn). However, I wasn't a big fan of their crust. More on the dry end and it definitely needed some dipping sauce. For that, -1 star.   Nice area and plenty of room. I like the Burlingame location more as it's more relaxing and homely.  

                I can't handle too much dairy so I never go out for pizza on my own will, but since all my friends are pizza lovers, I'm bound to end up at a pizza joint every once in a while.    Although I can't handle my dairy, I also can't pass up a bite of appetizing-looking food sitting right in front of me.  I had bites of the Mediterranean and Blue Line pizza. Wowza! My initial reaction was, "no wonder people love pizza so much." Not only did I love the deep dish pizzas, I also loved the crust!  I'm usually the type of leave out crust (pie crust, bread crust....) from my meal, but this crust was too tasty to not eat.  It's made out of cornmeal, which is a nice change from your typical pizza crust.   On a different occasion I came here and tried the thin crust pizza.  I notified my waitress about my dairy issues and she recommended ordering a pizza without cheese.  Sounds crazy, right?? Wrong! I had the BBQ thin crust pizza without cheese and it was surprisingly very good! Wow! Still had a lot of flavor, and although I raved about the crust of the deep dish pizzas, I also enjoyed the thin crust just as much.  It was very crispy!   Love this place and I will be back!  

                I'm conflicted because I'm a pizza purist...I DON'T want bbq chicken pizza, nor do I need a Greek one either. That being said, if you are one of those people who like your cultural pizza mashups, then you'll love the place (and you'll also love spending over $25 for one pizza). As for me, I'll stick with the true authentic pies of the world.  

                Finally a deep dish pizza!!!  DEEP DISH!!  I don't know what more I can add on top of all the super reviews.  I went with my husband and friend last Sunday and it was crazy good!  We got a large veggie deep dish and a small meatball (amazing).  Everything came perfect and worth the wait, the wait wasn't because they messed up, the wait is that it just takes longer for deep dish so get one of their salads to hold you through if you're hungry.  We all had about 2 or so slices and had enough to split to take home.  So happy there was some left for cold pizza the next day!!!n  I even took a slice to a friend the next day to share, normally I wouldn't do something so foolish, but I was feeling generous! ;)  Go here!  

                Awesome pizza! Small deep dish is a perfect portion size to share without overindulging. Our party did 2 deep dish small size half and half toppings. 1 classic / meatball. 1 cheese / blue line.  Full of flavor and excellent service.  Cons: small dining area so anticipate a wait time.  

                I just ordered a pizza through door dash and it was sooo yummy and the delivery was quick and painless and the delivery guy was so friendly and hooked up the ranch dressing for us I will definitely be ordering this pizza again. We had bacon and pineapple it was delicious!!  

                Ive always had solid experiences with Blue Line in their various locales. This one is no different. Taking over the old Greek restaurant they've made it their own with a more open design. The weather has been getting warmer so it was welcoming to sit upstairs with the great AC. Got a deep dish pepperoni for a quick lunch. everything was well cooked and it totally hit the spot. I often like the thin crust and their sandwiches as well so next time, it's up for rotation.  

                Pizza is always fantastic.  BBQ Chicken is just enough sweet, just enough savory.  As a former Buffalonian, I also appreciate that the wings come with Bleu Cheese (correct!) and not Ranch (incorrect!).  I'll promise the 5th Star when they make wings with Franks Red Hot ;-)  

                This review is strictly for the salad.  My office orders from here every Friday, and even though I think it's good, I don't want to load up on carbs and fat so my only option is the salad.   I think it's totally unacceptable for a restaurant to serve a rotting and clumped together mess of leaves and call it a salad. It just seems to be the new trend these days.. crack a bag of spring greens, add a dressing on the side and check off your salad box. Fine, at least it's a step above the iceberg lettuce that was the standard in America five years ago. But rotted? Don't they rinse them off and take a quick look? I could see it was rotted the minute the package was opened. Don't they?  

                On the one hand, I know I love Blue Line's pizza, and I'm always game to try one of their new locations. On the other, I've encountered serious service issues in San Carlos restaurants* and was a little gun-shy, considering.  Well, when it's Saturday, and you're hungry, you are already on Laurel, AND you have a compulsion to try out new places (or, shall I say, new locations of places), guess where you end up?  Dare I say I think this was the best pizza I've had at a Blue Line location? It was fully of tasty goodness. It was HOT when I picked it up. And, by the time I got it home, it was STILL hot and tasted awesome.  Space wise, it feels a bit smaller than Burlingame. And I'm sure at "normal" mealtime, it's busy. But at 4:00, it was pretty mellow, and I was able to pick up my pizza pretty quickly. Only bummer is, you can't order online just yet. But that will likely come soon.  The hostesses & servers are friendly. None of the 'tude I've experienced a few other places on Laurel (which: ???).  So, yes. Definitely recommend. Good spot for families but also a nice place to just hang out, especially on on a weekend mid-afternoon. Enjoy!  * I don't bother writing reviews of those places. Not worth the energy.  

                Popular place, this Blue Line. It has a different vibe than the other ones I have been, possibly because it transfers into an extremely family-friendly place on the weekends. Tons of kids, babies, food flung around. The restaurant ends up looking more like a Macaroni Grill than a dumbed down Little Star.  The food is still decent though, and I wouldn't pass on their deep dish. I just would prefer the other locations, considering that I'm a childless adult. If you have a child, you might find yourself disagreeing. But that's fine -- you can take over the San Carlos location, while I have my nice and quiet meal at Mountain View.  

                I went here during my lunch break to try the newest pizza joint in San Carlos. I was a little nervous when I was told the pizza would take 30 minutes. I almost left because between the commute and eating I thought it would take too long. The waitress told me the wait time would probably be less since it wasn't too busy. We ordered a classic pizza and caesar salad to share.   The pizza came out in about 20 minutes. The pizza was ok. We felt like the sauce could have used some additional flavors. It felt like plain stewed tomatoes on top of the pizza. It masked the flavors of the meat and veggies. If I come with the kids I may opt for the thin crust pizza because of the cooking times.  

                Pretty darn good pizza! Suburbs of bay area deliver a great pizza and some nice beers on tap in a relaxed vibe.  I would recommend the meatball and add jalepeno peppers  

                Love their thin crust pizza! I like thick pizza too but I always feel like I need a 3 hour nap after. Blue Line does a fabulous cornmeal crust on their thin pizza that is tasty without being quite so filling. Love coming here for lunch on the weekends. They have a good deal on personal pizzas so everyone can get exactly what they want. They have a kids menu too (which is taped to the back of an etch a sketch that they let the kids play with during the meal - brilliant!!). The kids meals come with a drink and they'll give you milk instead of soda which I always appreciate.  

                I wasn't really planning on going to this place but the location is soo great I just kinda was led in. Everyone I know seems to rave about the Blue line Pizza places.    The meatball appetizer platter is really really good. It definitely is a hint that you should try the meatball pizza.   I loved the chicken wings too and the garlic bread is definitely out of this world . Try it please, you wont be displeased.   The staff and management is really great too.   I saw this customer really upset and laying it into the manager and she totally helped that person in the most professional manner.   Food and drinks are very decent priced. Along with being very excellent. The food is soo good you definitely wanna lick the place . You wanna eat it very slowly and savor every taste.  You can tell by the crowd how great the place is because it stays steady and as you sit there people keep trickling in  

                Went here on a recommendation that they had great pizza. Tried the thin crust, halfsies on the white sauce and the combo. Pretty bland....not great, not the worst. Hard to put my finger on it, I think it was the pizza just had no flavor. Put tons of parmesan cheese and peppers to help out. Also had the bacon bleu cheese salad. Wilted lettuce, not much bleu cheese, nothing to write home about.   If I had a craving for pizza, this probably wouldn't pop up as an option, unfortunately. I might still go back and try the deep dish but I can wait awhile. However, our waitress was really friendly; good service. 5 stars for playing Battle of the Network Stars on tv.  

                Fantastic pizza, salads, and drinks! Staff is always very friendly and efficient! Great location with outdoor seating offered, perfect if you have a dog!   Tips: Splitting the bacon & Blue salad and any of the pizzas (thick and thin crust) are great way to go and the well vodka is Grey Goose!   Definite must try in San Carlos and their other locations!  

                Nice place to chill, thin crust pizzas here are must-try. My recent fav is garlic bread with pepperoni on it.  

                Amazing deep dish pizza! Wish they had more options, but the meatball one is my go-to. Nice outdoor seating with heat lamps. The only thing I have to complain about is the service. Every time I've gone it's been a little slow, and it takes forever for the pizza to come out. I guess it makes the pizza taste all the more better!  

                Leisurely Sunday afternoons are spent here with their Sumtin' Sumtin' Lager and a nice thin crust pizza pie. Right out of the oven and into my my mouth. Fresh? Absolutely. Crispy and flaky, the next few slices beckon to be inhaled. A small/medium easily feeds two people if you're not too hungry.   But their deep dish was no where as rich as Zachary's, and I have yet to meet one place that will topple that delicious, tomato-y bite that they're known for. Too bad they're on the other side of the bay.  

                Best pizza in peninsula. Good quality crust. Happy with curbside pickup but giving 4 star as they don't home deliver.  If I had to make list i can compare with:  Paxis-PA 2nd best deep dish  Little star-SF best deep dish Beretta- SF best cheese taste n quality Source- SF best vegan pizza   But #1 pizza place is award winning Tony's in SF.  But can't drive far n then wait 2hrs for table.  

                best deep dish i ever had for a very long time; best in the area for sure. will go again.  We ordered the Med chicken and thought it was deep dish but came as thin crust; there was some communication error and the staff was great and offered us 50% even though we told them they didn't have to.  thin crust was great, lots of cheese and chicken!  the crust wasn't soggy...  went back second time and got the classic deep deep dish and we love it! so go get pizza,,,food is great and staff is awesome.  

