                Don't come here for 50 cent tacos and burritos that make you hate yourself. Come here if you're looking for delicious Mexican food made with real ingredients.  Highly recommend the mole enchiladas with chicken or cheese (or some of both!). I have yet to have something from this place that wasn't delicious.  

                Went here yesterday to get lunch for my gf. I bought her the 2 enchilada meal with beans and rice which she said tasted like "wet dog" and a "wet towel". I order 3 super tacos for myself which if I have to be completely honest were lacking taste and the avacados looked as if they were old and molding. I think yesterday will be the last time that I ever go to this place again.  I've had better.  

                Great service here. Came with the family because everyone wanted enchiladas. So I had found this place on yelp. The place looked clean and the presentation of the food was nice. The taste was also very good tasted home and fresh. Not out of a can.!!! I will be back the next time I'm craving enchiladas:)  

                Some people contradict the theory that love at first sight is a fairytale. I was one of those closed minded people who thought it didn't exist either and that all changed the minute I set foot into Bravo! Approaching to the counter your nostrils are infused with the scent of meat and hint of Chorizo. (It may vary when you come in.) Eager to order I saw they offered Tacos, Tostadas, and burritos but as the title states in their name I was already set to consume one of their enchiladas. So many different options it definitely will satisfy and cater to the pickiest of eaters.  The minute I saw my meal I was hypnotized, so much food, luckily I came hungry. I didn't think food could look so beautiful before but looks can be deceiving. Not in this case my mouth was exploding with flavors and that was that was the moment I fell head over heals. It was almost to pretty to eat (Keyword being almost). I was trying to savor each bite but I couldn't control myself. It was just too delicious! Will I be back heck yeah, I think I'm already suffering from withdrawals already!  

                Food is great albeit expensive. I don't understand what the tip line on the credit card receipt is for. I paid and tipped 20% and sat down to wait for my food. The restaurant was completely empty except for me and another guy glued to the tv nursing his Tecate. When my food was ready the lady called out to pick my tray up. The guy who rang up my order was sitting closer to counter continued tapping away at his laptop ignoring the tray of food.  I believe good service is a combination of empathy and responsiveness. I totally understand if you're swamped with customers.  Having a tip line in your receipt indicates that customers will enjoy some modicum of service. We get fantastic service from many fast food restaurants and there is a mutual understanding that the restaurants' service bandwidth is limited because customers have not 'paid' for extra service.  

                Came here on the strength of Yelp reviews.  The food was surprisingly average.  The green sauce hyped so much on these pages was disappointing.  The red sauce was accurately described as unmemorable.    The mole was quite good.  

                I can't believe that I live a few blocks away and never knew about this place! Me and my boyfriend went for dinner tonight and overall the enchiladas were fresh and simply delicious. It was a small little restaurant but that's not a problem. Their horchata was so delish! It's hard to find a Mexican restaurant that offers food that tastes homemade but this was very close. The beans tasted like my mom had cooked them and the rice was so good. The enchiladas were heaven!!!!  

                Because of one yelper who checks in almost daily, I had to try this place.  I had early dismissal and couldn't help but drive down so I could experience this for myself.    Being the Mexican food lover that I am,  I couldn't help but ask for the triple enchilada combo plate which included refried beans and rice.  I also had to pick three different fillings-- one with shrimp, another with chicken, and the last with ground beef.  As soon I opened up the to go container, I forked into the enchiladas.    They were so good- the tortillas were lightly drenched in the red sauce, the chicken was tender and tasty, the shrimp also tasted fresh off the grill.  The ground beef was my least favorite.  But I think that's just my personal taste preference.  Onto the best part-- I always judge good Mexican food with how tasty the rice and beans are.  I tried the beans first since I could literally live off this stuff.  Let's just say that these guys passed the test.  The refried beans were tasty-- not too salty and slightly creamy.  The rice was nicely seasoned and *fluffy*.    I also have to mention that the guy working the register gave me the free Horchata (yelp check in offer) even though it wasn't 3pm yet.  Woohoo!  Definitely coming back here.  

                I would call myself the "Enchilada Monster." I freakin LOVE enchiladas. I found BRAVO! HOUSE OF ENCHILADAS here on Yelp and it's been bookmarked for quite some time. I finally decided to head that way yesterday for lunch.  I ordered the small dish, two enchilada plate. One chicken, one cheese, with red sauce. The presentation (even to-go) was spot on. I thought the chicken enchie was phenomenal, and the cheese was just ok. 5 stars for the chicken, 3 for the cheese...  One gripe with the place is the horrible parking. I circled in the lot three times until a spot finally opened. Each store in this strip mall has a few parking spots, it's even painted in the stalls. There were no spots for any location. Finally found a spot for Bravo, walked in and I was the only one in there. If you're going to paint spots, you should probably monitor it as well.  Anyway, definitely worth a try if you can find a parking spot. Next time will go will the chicken and ground beef.  3.75 stars!  

                This is what separates great restaurant meals from mediocre ones, that make you regret going out in the first place: 1) high quality, fresh ingredients - BHoE, outstanding (including perfectly ripe avocados and super fresh cotija cheese) 2) care taken with meal sides - most restaurants phone in rice and beans, not here. I LOVED the beans 3) excellent food - no brainer, I love that they have a concise menu (if you see an 8 page menu, run, they don't do anything well) and the food is outstanding.  I loved my mole chicken enchiladas, and my husband loved his chorizo, carne and alambre (all in red sauce).  So much flavor, so much food, great price 4) Customer service. A bad customer service can ruin a great meal. A great customer service can elevate a so-so meal.  Here the customer service is personable, helpful, unobtrusive and incredibly friendly.    David is such a cool guy and we plan to come to Bravo! House of Enchiladas on regular basis.  I wouldn't hesitate to get catering from here either.  Prices are excellent and food is outstanding.  

                Don't let the cheesy name of this place fool you, the green enchiladas here are BOMB. Definitely among the best I've ever had, Tried the red ones once and they weren't very memorable or even worth buying at that (considering their amazing green enchiladas are on the menu). I've been away from San Jose this summer, but I can't wait to go back for that amazing green enchilada meal. I tried the chicken and cheese fillings so far, and the chicken option is definitely my favorite, but the cheese is good too. Fyi: they top the enchiladas off with crumbled chicharon! Along with crema and sliced avocados and cotija cheese. Yum, got hungry just writing this review :P  

                Why are enchiladas so pricey? I don't get it. My friend and I ordered the 5 enchilada plate to share. Don't get me wrong, it was good especially the rice.. But for $15 for a shared meal and one bottle of water during lunch time. Ehhh... At least I can say I been there though.  

                I can't tell you if this is authentic Mexican food or not, but based on the reviews, I'm going to say this is authentic! It's definitely different than most restaurants, who smother their enchiladas with green or red sauce, but it's still very delicious. The ingredients taste fresh and all the spices go well together.  Service was excellent. I guess I came a bit late (around 2pm) and I was the only person there. The person who helped me took my order and gave me suggestions on what to get. While I was waiting, he also played some music for my entertainment :) I ended up ordering the three enchiladas (2 beef and 1 chicken) and a tostada. For $8, I got two huge to go boxes with two side sauces in which he wrote down the names for. For the amount of food I got, I thought it was a steal. He gave me instructions on which to pour on what.  I'd totally come back!  

                I usually order the salsa verde enchiladas from here. I highly recommend everyone to try it! It's located in a small plaza with Hawaiian Drive-inns, little caesars, Xtreme HID, etc, etc, next door :)  

                Enchiladas are a 5, environment is a 2, rice and beans are a 3.5.  I'd eat here all the time if it were closer to where I normally stay.   They have a couple of tv's to watch games.   They cook the food in the front so you can see it being made fresh.   Try the chorizo enchilada you'll be pleasantly surprised.  Don't be scared off by how small it is or the old strip mall it is in.  

                Whenever I'm in the mood for authentic home made Mexican food I head to Bravo! House of Enchiladas. I seriously can't get enough of this place, for the most part their menu stays the same but every time I go in they have something new. So whenever your in the neighborhood try this place, you won't be disappointed! They now have TV's  

                Very disappointed. Food was not up to expectations. There was mouth burning chili in everything, overpowering the taste of the food to be an unpleasurable experience. Their beans were good, and rice was decent, but wayyy too many red onions.  

                I dropped by this place for a late lunch. I asked what was the favorite from the person taking my order, he told me cheese enchilada. The food was authentic and tasted great. I thought the sauce for the enchiladas was the star of the plate. I appreciate they are using cotija cheese.  Parking lot is busy, not a lot of seating, but food is worth the extra effort.  

                My mother in law makes the best  green enchiladas but unfortunately I don't have a magic wand to get it when I want it.  My husband and I decided to stop by Bravo! House of Enchiladas because it was a couple mins from our house.   The business is located in the back between Sun-Ly and Little Caesars.  I ordered myself  2 asada and 1 chicken  green sauce enchilada that also came with rice and beans.  I enjoyed the asada but I wasn't feeling the chicken at all. The green sauce needs to be a bit spicier, it didn't have that extra kick of spice I was yearning for. The rice was not spectacular it lacked flavor.   I came here a few months back and I ordered the mole sauce on top of my enchiladas which was delicious! I'll possibly stick with the mole sauce next time.    This spot didn't quench my craving for green enchiladas.   BEWARE: Make sure you park on Bravo! House of Enchiladas designated parking spot or you will get your car towed! Sun-Ly employee will come out and literally TIME how many mins you parked on there spot and hold the phone ready to call the tow truck.  

                Did not enjoy the food. Definitely pricy for its worth. Mediocre customer service at best. Will not be returning to this establishment.  

                all my life.. i thought enchiladas were just corn tortillas with chicken drenched in a red sauce and ooey gooey mozzarella cheese. but i was wrong! now i know why this place has great reviews.. i have never had enchiladas that look like this. i was waiting for my sun ly food and luckily i was wandering around and i told the cashier here that i only wanted to try one soooo he actually let me purchase one. :)  such a sweeheart. but i regret not buying more..  

                I've only tried their food once, but what I ordered was very delicious!  I ordered:  -shrimp ceviche: it was good, but not great...I loved the tangyness and freshness of the ceviche, but what turned me off was how rubbery the texture of the shrimp was...almost unpleasant for my taste...as for the tostadas, given that the order of ceviche is pretty generous, it's best that you ask for more than one tostada...cuz if you don't, you'll end up getting just one, which doesn't make sense to me haha...  -enchiladas michoacanas: My tummy is growling for some of this right now! haha...the entree came with chicken, diced veggies (potato, carrots, and some other stuff), and enchiladas...very very good...totally filled me up!   -AND...since I checked in on Yelp when I got here, I received a free horchata drink!  Personally, horchatas are not all that great to me, but this place serves the better horchata compared to other places that I've been to...  Willing to come back sometime soon to try out their other entrees :)  

                One of my favorite Mexican place. The very first time when my friend took me here, I thought I wouldn't enjoy it but boy, sure I was wrong. I heard she got the bravo combo, and it was super good. That's how I started liking Mexican food. I also liked the horchata. So when I was craving, I tried la Vic's, and it wasn't as good as bravos. It was okay and their horchata was very powdery. Today, I finally got a chance to eat here again, and of course I loved it ! My craving was satisfied and my horchata tasted non powdery and very yummy. I wonder if bravo has some fries because it would be nice. I will always come back and it is near by as well, which is a good thing. The service was great and it may take a little long for your order but I promise you, it's worth the wait !!  

                Pretty good place to eat enchiladas. So this is how it works: first you order from their wide options of enchiladas then you wait till they call your plate or name. You grab your utensils and you're good to go. Simple and easy.   Food was good, nice and hot. Beans and rice were pretty good as well. There's not much to complain about this place except parking spaces. There's not many!  

                The chef working here really does a good presentation with the food. Excellent options for vegetarians but we warned the beans have lard in them.   The food tasted great. I had the cheese and veggie enchilada. He even added an extra enchilada for me because I couldn't have the beans  they also had a ton of sauces to try. I'm planning to use them for catering in the future for parties.   Overall the owner was super nice, accessible, easy to find, good food of great qualify. Will def be coming back!!!  

                Delicious enchiladas! Real 'hole-in-the-wall' kind of place. Lots of filling options and three kinds of sauce. We're vegetarian and we had no trouble here. The refried beans have meat in them, so order the whole beans.  

                reminds me of a place in DF -   As the name implies, they specialize in Enchilada's and they ate fresh and excellent  

                I was in the mood for some Mexican food so I did what we all do when we need help deciding what to eat, search on yelp! Came up on this spot and turns out I live like right down the street. Started reading some reviews and my mind was made up, enchiladas it is! Came in an hour before 5 to claim the deal I saw on yelp (2 enchiladas, rice, beans & a drink for $6.99). Walked in, the place was empty. The employee was sitting down watching videos on his laptop (slow day?) which was kinda weird but I didn't give a damn, I was hungry. He took my order and the food was ready in about 5 minutes. The reviews were no joke, these were some of the best enchiladas I've ever had. Everything was great from the beans/rice to the enchiladas them self. I finished my food and was not full, but satisfied. ( I can eat a lot, definitely could've ate at least 2 more) 4 stars on the quality of the food alone. For $6.99 I can't complain but that was only because I came in before 5. It's like $8+ after that for the same meal. Definitely recommend this spot if you're looking for a great new Mexican restaurant to try out.  

                I personally did not like their cheese enchiladas. They put ricotta cheese and it just doesn't match the other flavored of the enchilada. The chicken enchiladas are a lot better and overall a nice place. Just wish they had a better cheese enchilada.  UPDATE: I was wrong about the cheese! The owner left a comment letting me know that the cheese is not ricotta. I would suggest the chicken enchilada though because I personally like that one much better. Recommended!  

                I ordered Togo with no problem. The worker spoke perfect English and was really nice. Great customer service makes me want to come back. I had the 3 chicken enchilada plate (salsa verde) topped with cheese sour cream and avocado (my fav) w/ rice and beans for $10.99. The beans were DELICIOUS and I loved the green sauce on the enchiladas. The chicken was a little salty but I would still order it again. It was definitely worth the $.  

                Thanks to my girl Tram N., we enjoyed an amazing lunch at our latest bookmark conquest. As I was greeted by Tram and her little man, I was super stoked to try this place out, because of all the rave reviews and constantly seeing my Yelp friends check in. When we entered the place, it was pretty small with only about 6 tables and the counter where you order. As for the menu, they offer several of the typical Mexican cuisine staples, but of course, their specialties are the enchiladas. From cheese to shrimp enchilada options and everything in between, there is an enchilada that can satisfy anyone's craving, We both opted for the combo that came with a tinga tostada, and 3 enchiladas (shrimp, cheese, and chicken). I absolutely loved the tinga tostada, because it had shredded chicken, lettuce, avocado, drizzled sour cream, and potatoes. Definitely a great appetizer before digging into the main course of enchiladas. As for the enchiladas, I was definitely impressed at how authentic they were with the cojita cheese. I loved the sauce they serve on the side, because it was amazingly delicious on everything. Overall, I had the pleasure to enjoy a great meal with an amazing Yelper and her little man. I will definitely be coming back here whenever I want some epic enchiladas.  

                I do not recommend it.  They said they have free wi-fi, but they do not.  And as Mexican food goes, in San Jose you have too many options to settle for something so-so.  I wasn't impressed at all.  It's also very hot and very small.  

                I must say, this place is impressive. A good, fresh, quality meal at an affordable price with fantastic service. Enchiladas with a consume twist that I had never had the pleasure to experience, till now.   When Bravo! started out I had high hopes, and they have not failed me, not even once. They have actually exceeded my expectations! And continue to be consistent, friendly and affordable. Even through their growing pains they are still spot on. They have expanded their menu to include burritos and other fare but its called house of enchiladas for a reason......  As long as they keep the good stuff coming, I'll be there for sure, along with all my friends!  

                Welcome to Aladdin's House of Enchiladas!  Finally got to try this place out on one of my many foodie adventures. I decided to get the Bravo #1 (comes with 3 enchiladas for $6.95), with 2 cheese enchiladas and 1 vegetarian enchilada. The guy taking our order was very friendly and I could tell it was a family-run business. He answered any questions my cousin and I had about the food and eatery! Also he looks like Aladdin...my cousin and I were tripping out. If you're an Aladdin fan, come eat here, haha!  The cheese enchiladas were different than what I am use to. They were stuffed with cojita cheese and had a great sauce over it. I'm not big on cojita cheese, but I can see why people would love this non-meat option. The vegetarian enchilada was stuffed with bell peppers, carrots, and tomatoes- sooooo yummy! I wish I would have ordered more of these instead of the cheese ones. All enchiladas are topped with shredded lettuce, onions, sour cream, cojita cheese, and avocado slices.   I would definitely come back here! Meat lovers and vegequarians alike will find something here!  Note: Enchilada fillings include: cheese, shrimp, chicken, beef, and vegetarian  

                Obviously based on my ethnicity and background, I can't tell you what is authentic Mexican food and what isn't but I do know that this Saturday's brunch w/ Cristal C. was awesome for many reasons: a) catch up on some girl talks, b) sports talk, c) delicious food, and d) super cheap for the amount/portion.    When I read that parking can be difficult, I made my way over here about 20 minutes prior.  This is located in the same parking lot as Com Tam Dat Thanh - the parking lot is geared for compact cars so be prepared to be extremely challenged if you drive something other than a Civic or a Corolla.  The businesses have signs in front (directly in front of their entrance) that the parking spots (just the 2 in front) are for their customers.  That com tam place gets packed not to mention the Vietnamese coffee shop that is nestled in there as well.  The families and the creepy/perveted guys make it a difficult parking victory however, if you pick your time wisely, it'll be stress-free.    There are 6 tables here, they accept Visa/MC, no high chairs, and no bathrooms. The menu is pretty straightforward however, deciding on what to order was rather difficult because I wanted the enchilada, I wanted the chile verde enchilada, and tinga tostada which was why I got and pursuaded Cristal to order the Bravo Combo: 3 enchiladas and 1 tinga tostada ($8.25).  Cristal said that the tinga tasted interesting as it has potatoes in it.  I noticed right away that they used cotija cheese which is something I hardly see being served.    It didn't take very long for our orders to come out.  I knew I ordered a combo but I had no idea how massive each entree was - even the single tinga tostada.  I LOVE the freshness and the crispy-ness of the shredded lettuce, the 2 wedges of avocado, and the zig-zag drizzle of the sour cream.  The broth that came w/ it was a little salty but once you pour the broth over your meal, it's like frosting on a cupcake - can't do w/o,  The chicken was flavorful as I could taste the hint of cumin and I loved how I was actually looking forward to the lettuce, avocado, sour cream, and cotija cheese to notice the meat.  That says a lot since I'm all about meat; I ate over a pound of beef brisket in one sitting a few times before!    Both the enchiladas and tinga tostada was excellent.  Like I couldn't have picked a better carb loaded brunch before my all protein diet for 21 days.  We both cleaned our plates and I was happy to have a great meal w/ a great girl as we were both in our Sharks' gear.  I normally delete the pictures (of food and the establishment) after a review but the taste and presentation were so good that I still have them.    Hmmm.. simply delicious.  

                This is my daughters go to place for enchiladas. She always gets Bravo#1 with 2 chicken & 1 cheese enchilada minus onions. She's also obsessed with the broth you pour over the enchilada's.  We usually eat at Bravo's once a month since they opened. This time I tried the Enchiladas Michoacanas and wasn't a big fan.     I would have given 5 stars a few months ago before they added so many other items to their menu. I just feel that by adding to their menu, they have double the wait time to fulfill your order. They have also added rice and beans to the Bravo specials which increased the price of the enchiladas.  Please Bravo owners no more additions...I will just die if I see a burger & fries on the menu.  

                The minute I walked in the door I was like a deer in head lights; I had no idea how/where to start. It would have been nice if the guy at the counter offered some help. I ordered bravo #1 chicken. For the price I paid they could have been more generous with the portion; even the rice and beans on  sides were on the skimpy side. My verdict is : it's definitely worth giving a try but to me there's so many good places to go to in this area; this place just doesn't stand out.  side note- be careful when you come to this location,it's scary. As soon as I walked out the door there are people hanging outside asking for money.  

                There is room for improvement, let's start with those (if the owner is listening).  -A bathroom (this will be tough) -please add your menu to your Yelp or your website -Please have a few menus (printed at the counter) rather than the ONE you had - we were going to take the one menu and post it on Yelp but were pretty sure it was the only one they had -location is a less "skeevy" shopping center  - Air conditioning  Now on to the good/great, The food was very good and freshly prepared - loved the salads on top of the dishes. Don't listen to these other Yelpers saying how HUGE the portions were, we listened and they ordered 3 enchiladas and a chicken tinga tostada to SPLIT ($9.99). Granted we are pigs, but that was too little food to spilt - next time we'll round it out with a couple tacos.    Yes that weird broth to pour over it indeed odd, but a great touch.  We also had the beans (again small portion)  But all in all a great little find, here'e hoping they succeed!  

                Delicious green cheese enchiladas!  The cheese inside is the mexican cotija just like my mom used to make! And the tinga tostada omg to die for. Fast friendly service. Wish we lived closer  

                I got the Enchilada michoanas. The enchiladas were just cheese, I'm not sure what kind of cheese it was but I wasn't really feeling it. The chicken on the side had a good flavor and was moist, the potatoes weren't bad. The food is fresh made so a plus for them on that. For right now I will give 3 stars, I will re-review after I try something else.  

