                Great little spot for brunch on the weekend. The neighborhood almost feels like Chinatown. It's sandwiched between a bunch of chinese grocery stores and cafes.  There was a wait when I went there with 2 others, the line built up pretty quickly, so it was at least 30 min before we got our seats. The menu and specials are great, and the portion is HUGE.   My favorite here is the veggie tater tots. It was simply delicious, even for a non vegetarian person. Highly recommended. My friend's corn beef hash also looked ginormous in size. If you don't plan to pig out, might be good just to share a plate.  Nice mimosas and coffee also, nothing too special there, but everything is fresh. Parking is a total nightmare as everyone already stated, so take MUNI or Uber to get here. There is a parking lot on the side, but it has like 10 spots maybe? It looks very busy, the rest is all metered street parking that looked FULL on a Sunday morning.  

                Did not expect this place to be in a super asian neighborhood. Parking was difficult to find, metered street parking only.  When I came in on a Saturday noon, it was really full. Only a few seats were not taken. In deciding what to order, my friend and I looked around and saw that servings are ENORMOUS. It's like diner status. So my friend and I shared the Armida omelette and it hit the spot. They def used taco seasoning in their Armida and it was great. Hash browns were also on point. We thought about ordering the eggs benedict but our neighbors' eggs looked sad and fully cooked. Eggs benedict should not have fully cooked eggs!!   For dessert (yes dessert with brunch) we ordered their french toast. It wasn't that great. Pass on this.   For a $10 meal + leftovers, can't really complain can ya? I would come back here and try their tater tots.  

                ~AMBIENCE~ If you guys have been to the old breakfast at Tiffany's (before they remodeled) you can definitely see how much it has changed. The place has a more hipster-esque kind of feel.  ~FOOD~ I opted out for a veggie tater tot skillet meal because it was Lenten Friday, so I wasn't able to eat any meat. The skillet was actually really good! They offered a bunch of different veggies which I liked. My counterpart got the eggs florentine and it was really good too. I just wished that the eggs were a bit more runny. I think the hot hollandaise sauce sped up their cooking process. Also, they give you 3 sets, so it's more worth your money!  ~SERVICE~ They sat us down within 5 minutes, but took about 5-10 minutes more to give us menus. Normally I would've let it slide because servers usually are busy, but we sat RIGIT next to the kitchen where all the servers were just passing us by, so it kind of annoyed me. All of the servers were really nice but I question whether or not any of them have servesafe certificates. The attire they wear to work is a little inappropriate. Or maybe I'm just not used to people serving in shorts.. (I'm a waitress, so I find it a little odd). But they were all attentive and did a good job.  

                Armida! Armida!  What is that you ask? Deliciousness or actually, a tater tot skillet with chorizo, spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes, onions, bell peppers, avocado and cheese. It was $11.95 (I think) - large portion and filling.  The only problem with it is that I ate it all and then rendered useless for the rest of the day. Ultimate food coma.  The bf just had their classic breakfast - eggs, bacon, toast, and what have you. He enjoyed it, but I know he was secretly jealous of mine. He kept eyeing it the whole time. Fortunately for him, I learned to share back in kindergarten.   I'll be back! I want to try the other tater tot skillets. Mmm..  

                Get the Arnold Palmer! Very refreshing.  Our original server was not really friendly, but we figured it's b/c they were closing soon (got there at 1:20 pm; they close at 2 pm). My fiance ordered coffee, and the server who took his order asked, "Coffee? Really? At 1pm? Must REALLY need it..." Um, yes.. you guys are a "breakfast" place right?  Anyways, I ordered the Armida Tater-Tot Skillet w/o mushrooms. $10.95 for a HUGE plate of chorizo, spinach, tomatoes, onions, bell-pepper, avocado, & jack cheese. This is a good meal, but please do not eat before-hand, or the night before. It's VERY filling.. and pretty much leaves you unproductive for the rest of the day. Would I order again? Probably not. It was a one-time experience for me, but it's one of those meals that makes me feel "heavy". But if you're HANGRY & want some good ol tater-tots oozing with some cheese and chorizo, get it.  My fiance ordered the Eggs Benedict, but I guess our server took our order wrong & gave him a Chick'n Egg Benedict instead. We're not complaining though. It was fried chicken with country style gravy & cheddar.. upgraded with the "Stella' hashbrowns. $12.95 for another very FILLING meal. In my experience, other restaurants usually give us 2 benny's; this is the first place I've seen where it gives you 3. Yes.. three.  Overall, this place will give you lots of leftovers & a food coma.  

                Sure, it's nice to see a neighborhood institution come back after closing down. However, maybe this one should have stayed closed. I pretty much grew up at Tiffany's, even before it was Tiffany's. Anyone remember when it was Pastry Express? Memories aside, I'm really disappointed with the new Tiffany's. Finally went on for the first time and was not at all impressed. I ordered my favorite meal, sausage patties, eggs over easy and Stella hashbrowns. The people who say the portions are "huge" must never have eaten at the original. The portions I got today were maybe 2/3 the size of original. And And the prices..... Oh. My. Goodness! They are charging $2.50 for an 8 Oz bottle of coke. As in less than a can. Seriously?!?! I ordered breakfast and an Arnold Palmer (which was really good btw) and mom had a bacon cheeseburger and that $2.50 coke and we go out just over $35. That's an easy $15 more than the original Tiffany's.   Bottom line: the food is okay, the portions are meh and the prices are too damn high. Doubtful I'll be returning.  

                I've always heard about this breakfast/brunch joint, but haven't had time to try it until this weekend.   I ordered the Chicken Benedict and my friend ordered the tater tot skillet that came with chorizo and other toppings.  First, I must say I was amazed by the portions here. 3 benedicts?! Very unusual, but yay for me, more food!!! However, the fried chicken benedict topped with southern gravy was not impressive. It was mediocre and I thought it lacked flavor. I expected more from it, but it did have a nice presentation.  The English muffins on the bottom were also a bit too hard for me to cut through with the chicken on top.  The hash browns were okay, not as crispy as I would of liked it to be.  The tater tots skillet looked so good! I really love the ingredients they chose in it with the chorizo, avocado and Mexican style toppings. I took a couple bites from my friends and the chorizo was room temperature? I couldn't really believe it because chorizo is always the best when it's served hot and right out the skillet. I love the combo of the ingredients, but the dish not being hot enough was not okay. My friend didn't want to complain about it since the place seemed already pretty busy and didn't want to wait.  The combination of the tater tots was a good idea, but just really wish it was hot to enjoy!  Overall, service was attentive and food came out pretty fast.  The place has a very hipster feel and the dishes portions were generous for the price. It was around $12 a dish. I just expected more from this place for flavor. There are way more other options in SF for a good brunch spot.  Also, parking is very difficult. Mostly meters, unless you decide to park a bit up the street near the residential area. Don't count on parking on the weekends especially, it's tough. I'm not sure if I just ordered the wrong thing, but I would give this another try again when it's not as crowded and possibly try another dish.  

                So glad there's a good brunch spot near where I live! I don't have to drive super far and wait in those hideous long lines either. Be aware, parking sucks but if you're familiar with this area then you should be used to it.   The food itself was really good. I got the San Bruno Ave. Tator-tot skillets with avocado ($2 extra) and it was sooo delicious! Very big portions and worth the price. I finished half and it still looked like I didn't make a dent. My friends got the Benedicts and it came with 3 poached eggs. We're used to seeing just two so we were pretty surprised.  The waitress and waiter were both very attentive. The waitress double checked with us to see if the waiter asked us about beverages. The waiter overheard my friend saying he was tired and asked if he wanted more coffee. He also asked if we wanted hot sauces (they don't have it on the table). Very nice and considerate staff.  

                I'll admit, I mainly tried this place because of the name it shares with the iconic movie.  I thought it clever and really didn't expect much going in.  Overall I was pleasantly surprised though not overwhelmed by the experience.  I ordered the fruity French toast which was an interesting combination of several berries, apple compote and way too much whipped cream.  It was pretty good though at 13 dollars more than a little overpriced.    The atmosphere was pretty good, sort of an Americana diner aesthetic though why they had a running loop of people watching YouTube videos and commenting on them as the viewing choice wasn't clear.  I'm not a huge fan of TVs in non sports bar places to begin with but who wants to watch videos of a guy talking to his cat during breakfast?  As a final thing I'd suggest you get coffee elsewhere first then come here, it's pretty bad even as far as diner coffee goes.  I enjoyed my time at this place well enough overall, but I probably wouldn't make the trek down the peninsula for it again.  

                Standard breakfast foods. I had the French toast and a mimosa here. Our first stop when visiting SF. Was expecting something different based on their name, but I still enjoyed my breakfast:)  

                Since the new renovation, I've been back twice. The first visit was much better than the most recent visit.   Service starts out attentive and during the meal it's quite "meh". I ordered a coffee and it was refilled once. I wouldn't have minded another cup but they didn't come back to check on us until I asked for the bill.   Portions here are large. If you don't eat much, you might want to share or portion it out for another meal. Dishes are ~$11. They have tots!    The feel of the new Breakfast at Tiffany's is completely different than the old. And it's not necessarily a bad thing. It's brighter and cleaner. Doesn't feel greasy. It's also inviting.  I do miss the children's artwork on the wall but it truly is a nice touch that they have photos of the area to sort of give that neighborhood feel.   Overall, I'm not sure I'd come back. It's a tad overpriced. $4 for a mason jar of orange juice that probably isn't fresh-squeezed.  And that back seating area near the kitchen needs to be improved. Take one table out so the person who sits against the wall, doesn't get trapped in when you seat other patrons there. If you take a table out, the person can just exit without interrupting other patrons. It's a good idea if someone has a large party but if not, it's too cramped.   Oh also, 2 people seated themselves and were extremely obnoxious and rude. COMPLETELY ruined my dining experience and I didn't feel comfortable at the establishment anymore. They were basically catcalling other patrons and making horrible remarks. Though this was not exactly the establishments fault, the servers did not check on us until the very end and by that time, I just wanted to pay and get the hell out.  

                This place is definitely more hipster than before. It's an okay brunch, I've had better. But it's probably one of the most affordable brunches I've had in the city. You really get your money's worth, 3 eggs Benedicts for $13.  If you live near by, I would give it a try.  

                WELCOME BACK BREAKFAST AT TIFFANY'S!!!  I came here after work at around 2ish and waited about 20 minutes for my girlfriend to arrive. The waitresses were nice about the fact I was just sitting at the bar waiting. They were fun and engaging and kept their company entertained.   The restaurant name is still Breakfast at Tiffany's but don't let that fool you! After the renovation the atmosphere has definitely changed from the old school diner to the hipster breakfast brunch spot. I quite miss the personal-ness of the children drawn pictures on the restaurant walls but am comforted with the newly installed table tops and wayyy too comfortable stools.   As everyone was hoping, the food is still spectacular but you can tell the difference in plating and attention to detail. Both has their charm and I can appreciate the new direction of the new Breakfast at Tiffany's. I wouldn't mind eating a nice brunch while watching a ballgame(which I did today anyway) while I wash it down with some beer.   I had the Tiffany's Classic with the Tiffany's hash upgraded to the Starlight hash. Always an amazing combo! Just enough cheese to keep it from being too heavy but enough cheese melted over the bacon bits and tomatoes to keep it delicious! The sausages however were a bit overlooked and was dry. It wasn't bad as I put some hot sauce on it and also used some of my egg yolk from my 3 sunny side up eggs as a sauce. It also comes with 2 slices of toast which comes in sour dough, rye, wheat, or white.   My girlfriend ordered the eggs Benedict and that was really good as well as the eggs Benedict was nice and smooth and creamy.   Both orders were still huge so it was plenty enough to feed us. The drinks were a bit pricey at about 3.50 for an apple juice.   All in all, a very different approach but still a great place to hang out and eat! I didn't even have to get worried about getting my dress shirt sleeves dirty this time!  

                They just reopened not too long ago.   Great spot for breakfast/brunch!   Prices are average ~$11 a dish give or take a few dollars if you order something more or less extravagant. But their portions are enormous! It's enough for two!  They're pretty small so there's a high chance there's a line/wait for weekend brunch. But if you go on a weekday, they're not as busy.   Parking is all street parking which can be difficult on San Bruno Ave.   They have a menu they serve all day and all the time. But make sure you also take a look at the chalkboard with a list of their specials.   We ordered the corned beef hash with hot links, a side of the crust less french toast, and the armida tator tot skillet. Everything was delicious. The corned beef hash stood out from others I've had because of the big chunks of delicious corned beef the potatoes were also cooked perfectly with just the right amount of softness and crunch. I don't like those corned beef hashes with mushy potatoes and small shreds of corned beef. The corned beef hash was exceptional and the touch with the hot links added a little kick. It comes with 3 eggs they way you like. The French toast was also delicious and it came with a side of peaches. But the best dish was the armida tator tot skillet. First, who doesn't love tator tots? So you can't go wrong there. The tator tots were delicious!!!! Not just your average tots. And the armida came with chorizo spinach avocado and tomatoes with cheese mixed in. All the ingredients blended well together and it's a very colorful dish. It comes with sour cream and salsa on the side. Salsa was delicious, we ended up asking for more. I also got the Arnold Palmer which was served in a mason jar. Super cute. They're fruit juicer wasn't working so no fresh squeezed orange juice until they get a new one :(.   Service was also exceptional. Very friendly staff who are generally concerned with how they're doing and how they can accommodate your needs.   They also give mint Andes chocolate with the bill. Love love love!!!!  I'm so happy this place reopened. I can now walk to a delicious breakfast every day!  

                this place is great!   i'm so glad that there is a place on san bruno that serves a solid brunch. I ordered the tater tot skillet san bruno with bacon. it was so delicious! the tater tots were crispy and everything was cooked perfectly. i asked for light cheese because i'm not a huge fan of cheese but like it to an extent. it was a generous serving for 10 dollars and i had enough to take half of it home.   my boyfriend ordered the fried chicken benedict with the hash brown. the hash was a little soggy, so next time i'll request it to be extra crispy. the gravy was delicious and paired well with the chicken and eggs. i really like that they serve three pieces to a benedict, one for the road!   only critique was that the service was a little slow and didn't really pick up at a typical customer's behavior. at the beginning, i felt slightly rushed to make my order because the server came twice. i'm sure it's due to the fact that on a weekend morning, it would be busy (i went on a weekday morning where it wasn't crowded at all and seating was immediate). that didn't matter too much but the food took a while to come out. it was worth the wait and allowed for chatting time. the only thing i didn't like was that the server rushed to take the bill and clean the table when i had one last bite left of my french toast and wanted to linger a tad. there was no one waiting on our table so it was a little bit of a bummer. nothing to stop me from giving a great review or a second visit though.  

                I came here for brunch with my two friends on a Thursday afternoon because I heard that there is new ownership. If a brunch place that was good enough and conveniently close to my house, I'm sold!  Unfortunately, that wasn't the case. My friends both ordered tater tot skillets and I ordered a eggs Benedict with mushrooms, spinach and sausage patties.  Starting with the tater tot skillets; my friends said that it was something new that other brunch spots do not serve, but felt that the tater tots were not really fresh. It tasted like those bagged tater tots you can buy at foodsco.  The eggs Benedict I got was okay. I don't know what it was, but it definitely did not settle right with my stomach. About an hour or two after eating here, I found myself hugging the toilet. It was absolutely horrible.  Us three ordered a crust less French toast to share. I did not really like it at all. It was extremely dry and just left a horrible taste in my mouth. I wish they made a type of sauce for the French toast or put some flavoring to it. It just was not good at all.  Overall, I would not be back here.  

                I love updating reviews with more stars!  This place went under renovation for a while,  and I've been awaiting it's re-opening. Well, its soft open. Although it's lost its "Grandpa" house charm-- no more checkered picnic table cloth or drawings from neighborhood students, which they should bring back-- it's much more current, minimalist, and it's much cleaner. There is a also a very awesome painting of the previous owners behind the counter. Granted the space has changed, the service is friendly, authentic, and the food is still awesome. Will be back with family & friends!  

                First time at Breakfast at Tiffany's and must say I was pleased. It's a small restaurant, but comfortable. I ordered French toast and they were delicious! My favorite part was that the French toast came without the crust. Either you hate it or you love it. I loved it because I'm one to always remove the crust. On the other hand my husband hated the fact that they had no crust since he is a crust lover. Their fresh squeezed orange juice is amazingly delicious (Must Try). Service is ok could be a little better, but overall not bad. Place gets real busy on a Sunday morning.  

                I went here this morning with my girlfriend. I love the fact they have this cool machine that makes fresh squeezed orange juice. The orange juice is amazing. I had one of the tater tot skillets It had cheese cherizo avocado tomatoes bell peppers and Onion's. Its Served with some sour cream and salsa. The flavor was amazing I loved it. My girl friend had the western tator tot skillet and it was so much food she brought some home with her. We also had the side of biscuit's and gravy .They were wonderful. The Western had ham onions bell peppers and cheese.. My girl friend loved it. The staff are very nice and attentive. The coffee is great too .  

                Great spacious and clean new breakfast place.  Arrived early (9:40a on a raining morning) and got seated quickly but a line form soon after. Food and service? Delicious huge portions and service is amazing!  Limited veggie items but they're willing to work w ya.  

                First time back since they closed.   Before I would put BAT above all other breakfast places, but now it's just like any other breakfast place in sf.   Good choices: #18- corned beef Tater tot skillets- armida & san bruno ave   It totally looks different inside. More of a trendy vibe. Sadly, no more kid drawings.  They still have the hashbrowns & blueberry pancakes. Maybe it's just me but the blueberry pancakes don't taste the same.   Service is still the same *wink!  Amex n credit card accepted now  They have 2 tvs  Bathroom is unisex  

                Who says you can't have TatorTots for breakfast?? Love this place, best out of the way brunch spot in the city. Unless you live in the neighborhood like I do. They're new business and still working out some bumps. But all the portions are huge, delicious & fairly priced. Super friendly staff too!  If you can go during the week like all places in SF it's crazy on the weekends!  

                I have come here many times before the renovation was complete and always enjoyed my experiences then. So I figured I needed to try it out and see how it is.  The place definitely looks a lot better than it was before but feels like it has more of a hipster vibe to it now, which is not bad, just different. I do like that it has a clean look and nice atmosphere.   The food is still priced very well considering I got 2 eggs, 2 pieces of bacon, 2 pieces of toast, hash browns and orange juice for $8.95 and the portions are huge, so definitely get your money's worth. The only part I was a bit disappointed with was the bacon, before they always had thick crispy bacon and now its thin. Buuut that's just because I have a bacon obsession.   The service was pleasant but a bit slow. But even before the renovation the food took awhile to come out, so don't arrive ravenous because you will need to wait for a little bit.  Overall, I really do like this place after the renovation. However,  it seems to lack some of the charm it once had. Food is great, especially for the price.  I will be a returning customer.  

                *THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE ORIGINAL TIFFANY'S The first thing i remember when going to tiffs was the feeling that I was at my grandmas house for breakfast as a kid. It really reflected the values of the neighborhood (hard working, 49ers, family, value)My favorite was  the corned beef hash with blueberry pancakes and the waiter even gave me free butter syrup because I was afraid to try it lol. Thank god she did! The portions were huge and the prices were great. Good fuel for a long day at work or a lazy sunday at home. I always left full and happy until one morning I saw they had closes their doors. I have been craving Tiffany's and wanted to take my mom and grandma there on many occasions but unfortunately they will never experience what I did. I don't think anyone can ever match these standards, but i will give the new place a try.  

                My boyfriend and I came here for breakfast on a Sunday. The place was pretty busy but even so the wait wasn't bad at all. We were seated at the counter and the staff was incredibly nice and attentive. Our coffee was never less than half filled!   Food was BOOOMB. Great portions, and good vegetarian options too.  Definitely reccomend!  

                This place hasn't changed one bit... except of course it's upgraded interior!  Breakfast At Tiffany's has always been a favorite breakfast place of mine in the neighborhood. The portions are huge and the food is always amazing with many choices to choose from. It was closed for what seems to be about a year and now that it's open again I'm happy to say that the food was just as good and portion just as huge as before.  Glad this place is staying and thriving in the neighborhood!  

                This has been renovated and it's definitely a lot brighter than it used to be, which is appreciated. The staff are friendly and try to get to know the regulars. This may be a kick start of gentrification in the Bruno area. The demographics of the customers at Tiffany's is definitely different from what I've seen before.   Now, to get to the food. I've only been here twice since the reopening. The first time, the fried chicken sandwich was deliciously perfectly cooked. The second time it was slightly over cooked. There is a bit concern about consistency. My friend came here a few times, separate from my own visits, as well and said it was better the first time. Perhaps there are different cooks during those days, I'm not sure. However, I'll go back a few more times and try other items on the menu.  

                I have visited about three times. Twice before the close and once after the re-open. Unfortunately the first two visits were much more pleasant than the last. I have a eggs Benedict with Bacon and a hash brown on the side. It lacked a lot of flavor to the comparison before the re-open. The decor and set up was really nice and simple but the service was somewhat rude. My sister, who had came to join me, had her order mixed up and the waitress had given so much attitude when asked for it to be taken back. Along with the fact that shortly before leaving, I overheard another waitress refusing to take in another customer only before 3 minutes to closing.  

                New breakfast spot?! I THINK SO! It was my first time here, and everything turned out great! The restaurant isn't too big, and it tends to get kinda busy, but they do get the customers in and out. Great service too! I ordered the chick'n eggs benedict, and usually when I order eggs Benedict it only comes with two, this order came with three, and hash! I couldn't finish all my food..Their portions are huge! My boyfriend ordered the corned beef hash, soo good! We were wondering why so many people were walking out with take out boxes, haha. The drinks are pretty pricey though, $4 for orange juice, and even though I only asked for water, they gave us two orange juices. We both left stuffed, happy, and sleepy. We'll be back to try the rest of the the menu (:  

                Really big portions, really great flavor and texture. This will be a frequent breakfast spot.  

                A modern take on the local diner. Delicious breakfast classics with a relaxed neighborhood diner feel. They have organic options and mimosas like all the other brunch spots in SF but the  vibe is very unique. It's refreshingly toned down on the hipness scale, not trying to hard to be the next bug thing and the crowd is one of the more diverse you find in SF.   We never went to the original but we have been to the new place 5 or 6 times since they reopened.  Service in the beginning was spotty, always very friendly but at times waited a little too long for someone to come by and check on things. But they seem to have worked that out now and they are so friendly that it made up for the growing pains.  The tatter tot skillets are the perfect comfort food. We love the pancakes and the fried chicken eggs Benedict is amazing! We also love any place where the servers walk around with a coffee pot refilling glasses, and best of all, it's actually good coffee.  

                What a way to start a day. I'm pretty well known for being annoyed by people who are fake friendly. Maybin because I'm an honest person, maybe cause I'm a jerk. Either way, I know genuine friendliness when I see it and this girl behind the counter doesn't have a bad bone in her body.   Couple that with bomb diggidy grub and today is gonna be a good day.  I left my stomach in San Francisco. . . Lol  

                This is just what our neighborhood needed. Although I am not the biggest fan of brunch or breakfast.. (I don't like to choose between savory or sweet) Breakfast At Tiffany's is a hit! The renovations they've done to the place are hip and inviting, love the blue bar chairs and the mason cups! My boyfriend had the Florentine.. english muffins with spinach, poached egg, and other stuff.. SO YUMMY. I went for the French Toast special, CRUSTLESS might I add. My brother ordered the Buttermilk Pancakes which he devoured in 5 minutes (so I guess he must've loved it!). My cousin got the all meat  omelette. Portions are huge and really worth it.   Service: Expect a wait, they are a little understaffed. What I really enjoyed about this cafe is that they seemed to genuinely care about their service, it even says so on the menu!  The runner brought out the wrong food to our table twice.  I last minute changed my order from hash browns to tater tots after seeing what I was missing out on (they were so crispy and delicious!). Manager brought out my order himself and apologized for the mix up which I appreciated. The staff seems really young and I really enjoyed the vibe here. Except at the end they ended up overcharging us for several things. They have a few kinks to work out but I will definitely be back to try the rest of their menu!  

                I love this place! Their breakfast everything is just amazing. And try their blueberry pancakes. They are the effing BEST!  When I first saw this on yelp I was happy to hear they opened back up. Every time I walk in they welcome me so warm heatedly. And they remember their loyal customers (YES I AM ONE OF THEM!!!)  This place is definitely money well spent. AND I love to bring my friends here and try their food.  

                I'm so glad that Breakfast at Tiffany's is back! I ordered one of the tater tot skillets and it was DELICIOUS! I LOVE tater tots! I got the one with a lot of meat. If you like really salty foods, get this! The staff is also really attentive and friendly. The only bad thing is that it's hard to find parking around the area.  

                My friend Matt asked me where we should eat this morning, so I said, "What about Breakfast at Tiffany's?" He said, "I think I remember the film and as I recall we both kind of liked it. So I said, "Well that's one thing we've got!" #seewhatididthere  Ah another rarely occurring first-time visit review.   This place was awesome. I'd never even heard of the joint, but apparently they'd closed and reopened sometime this year.  - Their menu is simplistic diner-esque but without the greasy oh mylanta type of feeling after eating. We came at a good time because shortly after we were seated, the line was out the door.  - I ordered a veggie tater tot scramble (HIGHLY RECOMMEND) which, bonus, comes with kale! (yusssss) I also ordered a side of 3 eggs scrambled, and Matt got a side of corned beef hash. The food was superb and perfectly seasoned without being bland or overly salty. The dishes weren't oily, the tater tots were CRISP(!!) and the vegetables were fresh. - The prices are a couple of bucks higher than any other place but the portion sizes are tremendous so it makes total sense. Two dishes would probably be enough for three people.  - The staff was awesome and very attentive/friendly to all the customers.  - I also took the liberty of peering into their kitchen as I usually do in the midst of my food safety OCD-ness and that's definitely what convinced me that I needed to write this review: the kitchen was spotless, everything was stored in the proper order, no food debris in nasty places. Great job! The rest rooms were super clean as well.   This place is really nice and cozy, perfect for weekend brunches before city/wilderness adventures. The cleanliness, deliciousness, and excellent customer service wins them a brand new loyal customer. I'm definitely coming back.  

                First time here with my friends today for some breakfast. A + on customer service (especially from Kristi) and not having been to the original...I liked the interior. The portion sizes are BIG and the non alcoholic drinks have free refills! The blueberry pancakes are delicious! The meals are a bit pricy however and they do want a generous tip as well...hmmm the wait was quite long. But then again it apparently just reopened. Will definitely come back in the future!  

                Food here is quite decent and pretty standard for brunch. It's probably especially welcomed in the area due to a lack of similar diner-esque places in the San Bruno neighborhood. Seems like there's often a wait, particularly on weekends, so a reservation wouldn't hurt. Menu contains an assorted array of different combinations of eggs and hashes; I got the "Stella the Works" hash and it was very filling and tasty. Great hearty combination of potatoes, eggs, cheese, tomatoes, what have you. Also, the staff were extremely friendly with us and were pretty quick to address any concern we had. Overall a pleasant experience.  

                Great place for brunch. Must try the $5 mimosas :) Some of the food is too oily. My friend and I shared the Tiffany's Classic and the San Bruno Ave Tater Tot Skillet. I felt that the white mushrooms were not cooked as long as I would like. It was half raw, half cooked. I suppose some people eat mushrooms raw/freshly picked anyway! I live approximately a 15 minute walk away, and will definitely be coming in and bringing more friends.  

                Corned beef hash n three eggs big portions... gotta love it... not the original taste but similar that is all I have ever ate here... it feels u up! Too bad it doesnt come with toast. the prices changed 14$ for my meal I think it went up 2 bucks anyway I do recommend this place if you like corn beef hash.  

