                Since moving to the Bay Area from Philadelphia, I have been on the search for a good pizza like the ones at home. This place has filled my needs!  Pro: close to where I live. The classic cheese was very delicious and the staff was friendly.   Cons: price. I found $25(with tax) to be expensive. I know this may be fairly average for the area but it still is hard to pay $25 for 1 cheese pizza.  

                *****PLEASE DO NOT SUPPORT THIS PLACE*****  I have been using yelp for several years and have never ever written a bad comment about any company, even if I did receive bad service. BUT, I COULD NOT let this experience slide by and must inform everyone that this business establishment does not support the values and diverse culture of Oakland. We in Oakland support our diverse businesses and diverse customers and try to love and live peacbly with each other, but somehow this company didn't get the memo.   I was so happy to hear that this company opened near my job  in downtown Oakland, I had saw a flier in the lobby of my job, so i decided to go there on my lunch break on a Saturday. I ordered 12 piece chicken and a slice of pizza, price $20.00 .   I liked the fact that the chicken was cooked fresh made to order, but the guy grabbed an already cooked pizza slice that looked like it had been sitting out for a long time, it was not under a heat warmer, it was just sitting out openly.  This was a Saturday and although it was lunch time it was only 2 customers in the store, so I'm assuming early saturdays are not a busy day for them which is why the pizza was just sitting there cold. But anyway,  the guy grabbed the slice and LITERALLY put the pizza up to his face to SMELL if the pizza was ok, and I guess he decided it was not, so he sprinkled something on it and put it in the oven for about a minute or two. (I SHOULD HAVE BEEN BRAVE ENOUGH TO SPEAK UP WHEN I SAW HIM DO THAT, BUT I DID NOT)  So after they packed my bag, i went to my car and decided to take a bite of food before i drove off because I was hungry, so i first ate a chicken wing which was great, then I took a bite of the pizza and it tasted spoiled:-(  i was so disappointed, so i decided that I was going to have to take it back and either get a fresh slice, or a refund.   BUT, I try to be considerate of others so instead of me embarrassing the company in front of the 2 customers that were there, i decided to be courteous and call them over the phone first to let them know i enjoyed the chicken, but needed to exchange the slice of pizza, but when I called, they told me to don't come back in because they said it was nothing wrong with the pizza they will not exchange slice.  So i went in the store and the staff and ESPECIALLY THE OWNER TREATED ME HORRIBLY. Here I am 1 lady here by myself, and these big men YELLING and SCREAMING at me as if I committed A CRIME! They insulted my intelligence, telling me that I don't know New York style pizza and how it should taste and that it's made with sourdough so that's why it tasted like that, as if I don't know what sourdough taste like?... (little does he know I just got back from staying in the Waldorf Astoria in New York a couple months ago and ate New Your pizza at the first pizza establishment in the city of New York)  However i tried to let him know again that i enjoyed the chicken, but simply needed to exchange the slice, i put the slice on the counter to give it back to them, and the OWNER took my slice, threw it in the garbage and SCREAMED AT ME TO GET OUT OF HIS STORE, HE DON'T WANT MY KIND HERE AND DON'T WANT MY BUSINESS. I then at that point asked for a refund instead of an exchange. He told me NO! He accused me of trying to get something for FREE!  I told him im not trying to get anytging for free, i reiterated that i enjoyed the chicken, the pizza didn't taste right so i simply wanted to exchange the slice.   HE TOLD ME GET OUT OF MY STORE BEFORE I CALL THE POLICE ON YOU!  (Really? The ENTIRE time from beginning to end I kept a low soft voice, never disrespected him, never talked to him in a demeaning nor sarcastic way. I never threatened him or anything of the sort, BUT YET HE DID ALL THOSE THINGS TO ME, i should be calling the police on him) ...i never ever saw such hatred, unloving, unkindness up close in a mans eyes until i met the owner. He did everything shy of calling me a NIG**R.   So anyway I told him that would be a great idea if he would call the police because I want them to know how you have been treating me, so then he put the phone down.   Instead he grabbed with his bare hands a fresh slice of pizza, threw it at me and told me to GET OUT AND DON'T EVER COME BACK!  I honestly truly thought for a moment that i was on some reality TV prank show, i actually looked around to see if there was some camera, because this was such a weird crazy experience over exchanging a slice of pizza?????? AND MORE SADLY,  the 2 customers that were there were men, and the owner and his staff were men, it made me really sad that NONE of these men stood up for me, or try to say something to the owner on my behalf to help me. I felt so threatned and alone. I could see the shame on one of the staff, but i know he wouldn't want to lose his job speaking up for me, but I'm totally heart broken. But i do believe in forgiveness, redemption,  and love because of Christ:-)  

                His place is WICKEDLY expensive.  I know this going in, so not the reason for the 3 star review.  They are a good addition to the neighborhood but are experiencing some growing pains.  Their phone is constantly off the hook for pick up orders, and they use Caviar (which adds a very high service and delivery fee) for their delivery service.    They are very rude when making alterations  such as ordering a "half and half" pie.  They will say "oh that combo won't work".    Pizza is decent but not for this price.  $21-$27 for a pie.  

                Sometimes you have an experience... it's just a moment or just a few moments... where you are just shocked at others.  It's those moments in any fake-reality show (The Office, Parks n Rec, Modern Family, etc.) where someone just looks at the camera with a "are you seeing this?!" face.  I had that moment in this new place which I like to call "A Bum's Pizzeria" simply because I felt like I was treated like a bum.    Lets rewind.  This place just opened and I work around the block so I thought I would check it out.  I can always use a good slice right?  With a little spring in my step I head towards this new place.  I remember that moment because it was the last time I remembered being in a good mood for the next 20 minutes.    I walk in and see a guy behind the counter with a whole selection of slices out.  Sign says "Slices Only 12 - 2:30. Unless Sold Out." The guy in front of me orders a slice, so I think, cool they are still for sale.  I point to a slice of cheese with just sausage on it.  I say one of those add olives.  The guy says back "that's our signature pie, you can't add anything."  HOLD UP.  This is just a sausage pizza here.  I'm not talking about 10 layers of toppings... just sausage.  I also want to mention one of their other specialties is cheese.  So, don't try adding anything to a cheese pizza!  I tell the guy, I have money to cover it.  I literally offer him $3 just to add olives.  He refuses. I tell him I would really like olives, and since I used to work at a pizza place, I know that's not difficult.  He doesn't even budge or attempt to give me any explanation, just says no.    After more of me asking, he finally adds "if I do it today, you'll come back tomorrow askin for the same".    STOP: So he just assumes I'll be right back tomorrow?  Also, so... is it a bad thing if a customer comes back because they enjoy the food... especially one willing to pay extra money?!?!?!  In disbelief at this awful customer service I say, "nah, I won't be coming back here" and walk out.  As I drift out the door I hear "fine, that's good then"  BRO YOU OPENED 8 WEEKS AGO AND YOU'RE ALREADY OKAY WITH LOSING CUSTOMERS?!?! Just so you know, there's TONS of great pizza around this area and we don't need your extra greasy pizza.  We also don't need you to have your friends/family put up reviews of your place.  Oh don't believe me?  Go check out the owner's last name on the website then some of the 5 star feedback on here.    I would try these places before here if you're looking for pizza: 1.  Amazona's Pizza 2. Hen House 3. Soprano's Pizza 4. Hi-Life Oakland  DO NOT SUPPORT TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!  

                Updating review regarding my comment on working on the customer service. Went back today with my room mate and the gentleman making the pizzas in my last review recognized me. He read the comment and explained why the guys shouldn't sell anything that isn't on the slice rack. Makes total sense to me now. Thank you john and I'm glad we were able to chat about it and it was nice to meet you. I'll say it again, this place has the best pizza around here and I will only go here when I need that NY style pizza fix. Thanks again guys!  

                Buma's offers wings, salads, and new york styled pizza. whole pies in the 20's, slices 3..25-3.95  eats: super combo slice(3.95) -sauce, some cheese, sliced mushrooms, sausage. toppings not a lot -crispy texture, not doughy -nice taste, no aftertaste. -is it new york?  don't know. have to try a new york one and compare. *will check notes of bluebird pizza........ 3.5 stars.  crumbs: -former marrow place, same layout. only a few stools for eat in.  

                I'm glad a new food place opened up in Marrow's old spot (even though I never got a chance to go try it out) and pizza nonetheless! We ordered a Super Combo for take out. The pizza was pretty good and the crust was excellent. Next time we'll be trying the Shroom pizza.  

                I work next store, and I am very happy we got a great little pizzeria in the area.  I tried the Sicilian Sausage and Basil special.  It was really good on a thick slab of pizza / soft yet crisp dough.  Light on the sausage, but it did have really good flavors. This would have been over the top for me with a little Red Sauce to dip it in. (Not sure if that is a pizza no-no, but if its offered in the future with the special I'll be back for it!)  I look forward to trying the standard pizza by the slice on a future visit.  

                This new pizzeria opened today with decent NY style pizza by the slice or whole pies. I had a slice of the pepperoni and a slice of the sausage and a Hansen's soda for around $9. It was packed today and it should do well in this location for the office workers wanting a quick slice ($3.25-3.95).   Over the years there have been other pizza places in this same spot, but this one seems like it could work better. They have 8 types of slices to choose from or you can build you own whole pie. They'll eventually have salads and wings too. The place is named after their friend "Buma" who died of brain cancer, so 1% of gross sales goes toward brain cancer research.  

                The environment was super nice and the customer service was excellent!  The pizza was decent, but the pizza was kinda of oily, so beware!   Overall, the pizza was decent and the customer service is pretty good!  

                If you're in a pinch, this place isn't bad.   On 3/14 i'd forgot to eat supper so I called these guys up asking about the pizza & Wings I saw on their menu. They didn't offer it at dinner, but didn't use all of the pizza for a previous function so the guy on the phone told me if I hurried there I could probably still get a slice, which I thought was pretty cool.  I hurried there  The actual after tax cost for a slice, 6 wings, and drink was like $16, and this is why Buma's only gets 3 stars. The quality is absolutely not worth  a cost of $16. The food is good, but I would not say worth it.  I had the curry wing flavoring which was pleasant, but the wings felt a little soggy.  My slice mushroom could have benefited from a little more sauce, but otherwise the dough was pretty good.  I would consider this place for ordering a whole pie, but that's probably the only time I can think the value is worth the cost.  The owner was also kind of berating/disciplining his staff for a few issues that was uncomfortable to witness. He wasn't too over the top and the mistakes weren't to egregious, and some disciplining/educating was warranted. But it was still uncomfortable to watch.  I'll give these guys another shot in a couple of months to see if I find the value to be any better. Until then, 3 stars.  

                The white pie is amazing....I can't wait to try the red sauce I must say!  Walked by on my way home, went in, looked around and grabbed a menu. That night my partner comes home and begins to tell me about a new pizza joint that's supposed to be the best - - yes, same spot.   Fast forward to the next night, we ordered take out.  I'm so pleased with the crust.  It's even better than *cough cough* Amazonas.  Also, these guys don't mess around, their parmesan is legit.    Can't wait to try another pie!  

                I'm excited that there is a new option a stone's throw from where I work. I often only have time to run down and grab something quick and then get back to the grind. I ordered a combo of a slice, salad, and drink. The pizza was very tasty, I got the margherita. I also really liked the mixed green salad, their ranch dressing is delicious, very dilly (in a good way!).   My only slight suggestion is a better way to handle a to-go order. They had no bags, so I was left juggling a foil covered paper plate, a salad container, a dressing container, a container of croutons, and a soda. I understand trying to be green, but a bag definitely could have helped my dilemma. For now, I'll just bring my own bag to help me carry my food back to my office.    Overall though, very happy to have a new and yummy option nearby!!  

                Best pizza in Oakland.  White pie ricotta is incredible, sausage pizza, veggie, can't go wrong.  Fave if I have one though is the mushroom pizza.  I rarely choose it because the other ones rock.  

                I swear to god, the next Yelp Elite I meet, I will club to death with their smartphone.  They are actually the worst people in the world.  Good pizza from a good chef.  

                I've had good and bad experiences here. My last visit the owner was yelling at a customer for requesting a replacement for a burned slice of pizza. I won't be back....  

                Time: 3:50pm/59°F intermittent cloud  Purpose: It was schedule to open January 22 however on the 21st, I check in and was denied, not open yet. From there I just didn't have the time to check it out till today. Still in SF 2:37pm still kinda early. Then a message came through that, I need to head over east bay anyways. A new CVS is a done deal. I took off didn't care as that's a big corporate company $$$.  Ambiance: Two wooden benches on sidewalk for outside seating at best. The parking lot next to it have a wooden picnic style table, not too stable though, its rocks. Once inside front window counter seating with six round cushion backless stools in front of boomerang contour sanded counter with utensils/condiments. Cashier counter built with couple of wedge wood and plaster blackboard in front advertising for employment opportunities for drivers & bakers. No beverage fridge here but, a simple plastic beer tub and ice chuck with bottles of non alcoholic drinks. Dining area one regular table and one close together. Front counter host three more stools in front of two tier, eight section acrylic pizza display boxes. Four single panel cork display menu board with spring loaded clips locking them in. One 36'in Samsung flat screen TV with racing game on demo mode. Not sure why racing, the people didn't look like racers themselves. Small place but, functional enough to serve the largest crowd coming through. Humming buzzing sound may seem hard to bear if that bothers you the benches outside will do.  Staff: Young dude around early to mid 20s tatts and rings with ballcap. Friendly not in a rush even though only one person was there at the time. I drill him for answer about the ingredients of pizza he hesitated then blur out a quick answer that I didn't quite get it. Left it at that and went ahead scanning pizza display. A back of house worker was cleaning saw me turn he's head quickly towards the sink. I'm not a scary person certainly nothing to hide. Why the quick jerk moment?   Cleanliness: Grade A,  well kept some debris on table mostly crumbled cheese. No biggie I'll do a quick wipe using brown recycle paper towels. The pepper flakes in short stud shaker was kinda clogged. Quick fix slam it hard on the surface vibrations will loosing it up.  Eats/Drinks: Sliced of white pie $3.50 sounded interesting never came across such name. It was smaller than other places but, not greasy at all. Crust had a crunch which I like. While the cheese could be better as it was lacking that stretch feel, knowing mozzarella stretches more than a foot before snapping and ricotta aren't made for that purpose. I don't blame them for this as the special white sauce takes place of traditional marinara. It was tasty for a change as, I always get pizza with red sauce. For the white pie to taste good the arugula and pickled onions must be hot if left cold just average. Overall better than what I had yesterday.  Products/Services: Pizza slices cheese $3.25/veg 3.50/meat 3.75/special 3.95/whole pies from $21-28, BYO-$22, combos, salads, Caesar salad, wings 6-48pc. Meat add ons $3.50. Changes to standard menu add $1. Pick up/deliver. Delivers to JLS, downtown, uptown, lakeshore, piedmont, parts of rockridge. Buma will donate 1% of gross sales to LivingPMA to fight brain cancer.   Punch Lines: Minimal seating, no hot beverages, no alcohol,  TV re-runs of racing game, street parking/private lot, pleasing flavors, drool worthy, special bargain, thinner than NY style, hip and happening, imaginable toppings, claustrophobic interior, lively atmosphere, can't go wrong, casual and delicious, a little bigger than shoe box size, interesting takes, good and sloppy, char crust pizza, industrial interior.  Tradeoffs: Newly open place that competes with nearby stand alone places on a smaller scale with minimal effort, resulted in not much turn over after a certain time has pass.  Final Thoughts: Lately I've been suffering from pizza slice sizes. Not sure why but, slices are getting smaller with price increases of $.40-80 more everywhere I go. My experience here is just ok for what it is, nothing stands out but, just basic same here and there eats. Some pizza sits in display box long after lunch crowd dispersed with oil ponds hardening up. Pizza just looks cold and unappetizing. Heat lamp or heated storage containers will do wonders for the pizzas. There are still some work needed here, not quite in the big leagues yet.  

                I'm with Ry T on this one. Yelp elites are the most obnoxious, self-absorbed assholes. But anyway let's move on to the food!  The wings: perfection. The blue cheese sauce is delicious, clearly homemade. The skin is crispy and the meat juicy, they're remarkably cheap and pretty amazing! We devoured them.  We had a half sausage, half mushroom pizza and they were delicious.  The only slight (and I do mean slight) disappointment was that the Caesar didn't come with enough dressing, which is too bad because the dressing was fantastic! But we did take everything to go, so next time we'll just ask for more dressing.  Like Ry said, great pizza by a great chef!  

                I usually care about food, service, and timing in that order for eating out. Ambiance/furniture I usually couldn't care less and don't mention, unless it is really awful. So with that in mind:  Pizza: 5 stars (tasty quality ingredients, perfectly seasoned, excellent crust, slice size is good for a light lunch or two slices for something more filling)  Service: 5 stars--always friendly, patient  Time: 2 stars. I know this place just opened up, so they're working up to mastering the lunch rush. I did wait about 20 minutes from the time I ordered one slice to when I received it in my hands. Usually I don't care too much if I have time, but it's a bit harrowing when you're at work and trying to plan your lunchtime between meetings. So that is something I consider a lesson learned.  I love the pizza (and loved the old place before, Marrow, from the same owner), I love the passion and purpose put towards the food. So with that in mind, I will show up waaaay ahead of the lunch rush for my food, or long after, until the timing issue is resolved. If you are downtown getting lunch during your work, I would suggest the same.  

                They were about to close on Saturday night. They didn't have slices anymore, only whole pizza pies. I ended up paying $28 for one. No drinks or anything else.   Ouch!  It wasn't ever special for such price.   I'll never be back.  

                Good pizza and salads, fun vibe. Jon's done it again.  There's been a Marrow-sized hole in my heart, and I'm happy to report that the hole has been filled.  Conveniently located in Downtown Oakland.  Update: I took the pizza to a thing and four people asked me where I got the pizza from, it was that good.  

                Oh man, the white pizza is delicious. Great crust and I loved the combination of fresh ricotta and pickled onions.  Delivery was quick and friendly. We'll be ordering from Buma's from now on.  

                Delivery fast. Pizza showed up luke warm. Had the white pie - tasteless. All bread. We then decided to heat it up and it turned into stone. Skip this place. There's much better out there.  

                I haven't seen a by-the-slice shop nearby so this is definitely a welcome edition to the Snow Park area!  They are working out the kinks you expect in a new spot, such as longer than expected wait times for whole pie orders, but the pie selection is good. We had half white pie/half roasted veggie and a cheese pizza. Thumbs up for the thin crust! Also, the Caesar salad was good but I'm sure you didn't come here to read the review for that.   I expect that it'll be a good lunch time spot once they get the ball rolling. Can't wait to go back and try more stuff like the Margarita!  

                I really wanted to love this place. I love supporting places that want to make a difference.  I had dinner delivered via Caviar and the order was very expensive.  The chicken wings were under cooked and the pizza toppings were so heavy for the crust  that the items had slid all the way over to the other side.  Super thin, too thin crust.  But the surrounding crust was just too thick.  Not thrown properly.  We asked Caviar for a credit but they said no.  We threw it all away.  Really bummed  We would have tried again if we were offered the refund.  Maybe it was a rare.  

                If you want burnt pizza and a owner that is racist this is your place. The pizza was burned and smelled burned. The owner John a loud talking rude no customer service skills person.   JohnWAS SO LOUD AND BELIGERENT. Such a shock to see someone behave in this manner. If I could give a negative I would. Soon he will be out of business he does not deserve to be in such a wonderful area where the other restaurant appreciate their custoumers.  

                On a recommendation from a friend we changed our plan to order Pizza for Friday night from "unnamed OK place" to give Buma's a try.  Boyoboy are we glad we did - we ordered the mushroom pie, 18", which we read afterwards boasts 3 different kinds of mushrooms, thyme, roasted whole garlic cloves, cheese and sauce.  There is so much poor to mediocre pizza in Oakland but this place has figured out how to offer a unique and delicious pizza which is large enough to share.  Frankly I find 12-14" pies a bad joke - this one was substantial and WE'LL BE BACK FOR SURE.  Highly recommend.  

                This is the best pie in Oakland. I have tried them all and this takes the crown. A little more expensive than most, but when nothing but the best will do this is the only go to.  

                Caveat: this is maybe day 2 or 3 for this spot, so maybe there are some things to smooth out.  Ok- my review.  I wanted this place to be awesome.  I loved Marrow, when I could manage to eat there.   So far my verdict is: all right. But not great.  Seems like a clean and organized place.  The pizza is pretty close to a NY slice, but it had sort of a funny aftertaste.  Maybe from a new oven?    I liked it well enough, but to wait in a long lunch line to pay $4 for a single slice of pizza? Probably not going to do this very often.  More likely to stop in on off hours, or if I am in a pinch.  

                Had a carryout pizza from them last night--sausage and mushroom. Really excellent, flavorful crust, great toppings. I'm not an expert in NY-style pizza, but I really enjoyed all the flavors and it was hot and ready when we got there!  

                Terrific pizza. So good to have Jon back in a kitchen!  Had the Super Combo. Just the right amount of everything. Crusty crust stood up to the load with the perfect "bend" angle.  The nice surprise was the curry teriyaki wings. Sounded good, never had this before. So delicious! Thanks, Buma.  

                I ventured out again today to get food and ran into this place. There aren't many good pizza places in the area that are walking distance from my work but so glad I found you. I love Pizza like love Pizza lol so I got 2 slices - one of the White Pie and one of the Sausage and man it was crispy and amaaaaaaazing. The White Pie at first was different than the usual white sauce im use to say like mountain mikes but then I realized how fresh the ingredients were. I will definitely come back, I want to try a couple more slices :)  

                First, Marrow was my absolute favorite restaurant in the area and I've missed it so much. I was super hopeful about Buma's and it did not disappoint. I went with four people and we shared a half mushroom/half sausage pizza. All the ingredients were delicious and the pizza was great. This is definitely the best pizza in the neighborhood.  

                I ordered 2 pizzas for delivery through Eat24. I asked for one without cheese. When the pizzas arrived they both had cheese. We called Buma's and they said they are not willing to make pizza without cheese. So I was out $50 and one of my friends had nothing to eat.  

                Bumas pizza is delicious and easy. It's a great place in the neighborhood to get a slice or some wings. I love the atmosphere and the staff who are caring, considerate and dedicated to good food experience.  

                This neighborhood needed a good pizza joint, and now it's here!  I'm from NY, and I was surprised/impressed at their ability to get a NY-style crust/texture with toppings that I generally classify as "Californian". A solid hybrid, in my opinion.  I am SO GLAD that I never have to order out from Round Table or Lanesplitter as long as this place is here!  

                Good pizza. they serve slices until 2:30 PM. Cook really knows whats he is doing. Try this place out, you wont regret it.  

                A much needed addition to the downtown good scene. I've eaten here twice and both times the service was fast and friendly and the pizza was delicious. Zesty sauce, dynamic crust and various options for a slice on the go.  

