                Best Burgers  in the South Bay. No joke.   Fresh Ground turkey,  100% angus in their cheeseburgers.  Fresh cut fries. Buns are awesome. Homely feel minus the corporate IN n out.  Menu is simple and fresh, cooked right in front of you. You can smell the grill from a 1/4 mile away.   I was salivating the entire meal.  I would seriously visit every time after "hangrily" shopping at the Gilroy Outlets.  

                I absolutely agree that this place does make the best burgers in the area, but what it does lack is consistency.  The employees are always very nice, and there's never too long of a wait.  The first time we went here, we were upset we had waited so long to try it--the burgers were amazing! But we have been back probably 5 or 6 times since, and have yet to get the same food. To be specific, we placed an order tonight, which will be the last time we ever go there. Burger #1 (BBQ special they do) was cold, and we had to heat it up after a 5 min. drive. There were only two thin pieces of bacon, which was disappointing. Burger #2 (whatever the mushroom/cheese special is), hot, delicious cheese and mushrooms, but burnt. I couldn't bring myself to eat more than half of it.  We also ordered regular and sweet potato fries. For the regular fries, they put it in a container with the burger, so we didn't get much--but they were good. The sweet potato fries were put in their own container, and we got a lot of them, but they were burnt beyond edibility.   I hope the owners do read this, and make some changes, because they do have such good potential--and I want to support a local business! But with the inconsistency, I'd rather pay $10 less and go to 5 Guys, and know what I'm getting.  TLDR: Amazing burgers, good fries...when the cooks are on top of their game (which for us has been 1 out of 6).  

                I ordered the black bean burger which was pretty good. What makes this burger special is the whole wheat sesame bun with the spicy hummus -- everything tasted healthy and flavorful.   There's speculation that the turkey burger wasn't so fresh and the meat was mushy (not in a good way) - per my husband. I didn't confirm this because I wanted to save my appetite for the sweet potato fries.   The sweet potato fries were super delicious. Crunchy. The garlic fries were ok. I love garlic and Gilroy is known for garlic so I felt obliged to try them.  But we would have been fine without them.  Just know that the garlic fries are extra even if you get the combo deal (which includes fries and a drink). A bit tricky with the pricing ... or I probably should have asked.  

                I don't eat beef anymore, so I usually get chicken or turkey burgers.  Those meats don't hold up quite as well as beef.  But the turkey burger from Cafe 152 was so delicious! It was smoky and had a really good texture.  And it wasn't salty like a lot of turkey burgers are usually.  The burger had grilled onions, which complimented the smokiness.  And I also added chipotle ketchup, which added to the incredible flavor.  I also ordered the garlic onion rings.  Wow, were they tasty!! There was a pool of oil at the bottom of the basket, but since it comes with two baskets, just simply place them in the other one so they're not drowning in it.  The garlic was sharp, more than what I'm used to.  But that's what made these rings so yummy!  Service was super friendly and we got our food fast.  I would love to come back here to try other items on their menu.  

                Good, but not THAT good. I didn't feel that these burgers were anything special. The burger was a bit burnt and definitely not worth the $26 tab. Employees were awesome.  

                Still really good, Burger's cooked perfect and juicy fries and onion rings are the bomb. Customer service was spot on.  

                And the reviews are all true... Delicious burgers.. Even more delicious fries, sweet potatoes was the best I ever had and the portion of the fries were huge! Their garlic fries were also very tasty! I would record-mend this place to anyone who wants a very good burger  

                This is one of the best burgers I have had in a long time! The fries were awesome too! Really great staff and good service. Keep up the good work Cafe 152 Burger Co. Can't wait to come back!  

                Decided to check out the hype on this place and the yelpers are correct....this place is a hidden gem!   Burgers are made of 100% angus beef and are juicy & tasty. My son thought there was too much sauce on his double cheeseburger so we'll have to remember to ask for easy on the sauce next time. And he said the garlic fries weren't very hot & could use more garlic. Even with his complaints, he did eat his whole meal plus my onion rings....  My mushroom medley burger was perfect -- thick & juicy (that's what she said...sorry, couldn't help it lol) with plenty of mushrooms,  carmelized onions, and cheese. Next time im ordering my burger paleo style....I felt guilty eating my whole burger & onion rings! Its that good...I couldn't resist!   *Try out the homemade chipotle ketchup & jalepeno mustard!!  

                The burgers where good, bread was nice soft and not overwhelming. Employees where all very nice and welcoming. I'm giving it three stars because I feel like the burgers needed a little more. the taste was great don't get me wrong, they just weren't put together the greatest for the price.  We got the bbq and regular cheese burger. The jalapeno mustard is delicious, the batter in the onions rings was very light and tasty. I also enjoyed the sweet potato fries. nice cut with them, I do wish how ever they would of been cooked a tad bit longer. It's a little pricey for a burger, you have to add every side.  

                Best burger!! Split a BBQ Bliss with fries, perfect amount of food for our pit stop. The flavors are spot on from the Angus beef to bun.  Definitely a go to when headed through town!  

                Was feeling like recking my diet today (been one of those weeks) so I jumped on Yelp to see what looked good for lunch.  Came across Cafe 152 Burger Co. (why haven't I seen this before?) and dragged my coworker with me to join in the diet sabotage. The reviews were tempting but the pictures are really what did me in. So off we went!  Located in an older strip center off Church Street, we found parking quickly right out front. The moment we got out of the car we could smell the meaty goodness. Of course I memorized the menu prior to arriving I ordered first:  Single Bacon Cheese Burger w/grilled onions and avo.  Order of Onion Rings Water   I grabbed my Ice-Tea (I ordered a water but instinctively started filling up with Ice-Tea and realized half way through the fill!  Whoops! Anyway after that I found a table, set my Tea down and went over to get my condiments.  You know me ... I love me some dippy sauces!  They have homemade ketchup and chipotle Ketchup, jalapenos and peppers.  Yes ... I got some of everything! I must have been hungry because while I was waiting for my burger to come out I started to dip my jalapenos into my chipotle ketchup.  No .... I'm not pregnant!  I thought our wait for the burgers was a little long.  I think maybe they were getting the to-go orders ready that called in before we got there?  Not sure but it just seemed like a little to long.  Once they did come up and walked over to grab mine and boy it looked good!   Burger - I have to say ... it wasn't exceptional.  Maybe I'm just biased after having two pretty great burger joints pop up in my little city of Campbell (Brown Chicken Brown Cow and Mo's) or it could be that I'm just a pretentious foodie snob.  The latter is a pretty good possibility. If I'm going to pay $10 for a burger and onion rings it better be great.  The bacon was not crisp nor was it easy to find.  What I did see was more like soggy bacon pieces. Bummer.  The buns were good and didn't fall apart (I hate when that happens), the lettuce was crisp and the tomatoes were "sorta" ripe. The Avo was lushess and soft and creamy and ..... okay you get the visual.  So you see, it had it's good points but over all the burger itself was just "okay".    Onion Rings - YUUUUUUMMMMOOOOOOO!!!  Yes, these babies were super good. To good ... I ate every last one of them! I would totally order these over and over again.   The service was great, the place was small but clean.  The decor seemed a little dated although I think they were trying by adding some old box crates near the ordering counter.  But it still looks dated kinda like an old taco place was here before and they kept the furnishings?  Not sure.    I can honestly say that I would prefer this place over In-n-Out however when I come back ... because I will ... I'll listen to my coworker and split a burger because they truly more than one SHOULD finish.  Ugh .... I'm soooooooo fuuuulllll!  

                These guys know how to make some delicious grub!  We had a average/large order and they got it out lickety split.  We were prepping for a wedding near by and needed something in our bellies to be the best bridesmaids a gal could ever ask for before transforming into bridezillas ourselves (kinda like that Snickers commercial if you get my drift).  The process couldn't be easier.  Call ahead if you've got the time!  Your order will be waiting for you and there will be no waiting.  Just remember your drinks if you've ordered any.  The burgers are juicy and dressed well.  The fries are seasoned perfectly and you get an ample portion.  Do yourself good and be sure to stop by here if you need a belly filling meal.  

                We were passing through Gilroy to San Francisco and wanted to grab a bite to eat. This burger place came up in Yelp with good reviews so we stopped by. I ordered the single with avocado, onion rings and fries with garlic.. Yum! My burger was cooked how I like it and tasted really good and loved the onion rings!  

                Very good burgers, but the fries are not the best  

                This place has the best burgers around. Everything is fresh and delicious.   The French fries? Yum. The onion rings? Freakin delicious and I don't normally go for onion rings but these are amazing.   The staff is friendly and the place is super clean.   Love this place!  

                This place is a bit more expensive than your typical fast food burger chain, but it definitely also tastes better. The burgers here are big and hearty - think Five Guys over In-N-Out. I got a mushroom medley and had so many mushrooms in my burger half of them ended up falling out. (I guess my main complaint would be that they didn't wrap my burger very well...) Despite the messiness, I enjoyed my burger and basically inhaled it in a few minutes.  We also got garlic fries, and true to Gilroy form, the garlic was excellent. The fries themselves were nice and crispy, and not too oily. They kind of reminded me of In-N-Out fries, but obviously with more garlic flavor.  You won't find anything super unique here, but it's a solid burger joint to try if you're ever passing by.  

                This place is amazing!!!... on our way home from Monterey we stopped for dinner... best burger in a long time!!!.. and the garlic fries!!!... i cant even!! Ballpark status!! Try it!!!  

                Good Job Gilroy!  I'm not from Gilroy, but I visit friends in this area. I'm happy to say I look forward to coming back next time I'm in town. No complaints, excellent product and service.  You guys rule. Wonderful burger experience. Keep up the good work!  

                I love this burger place omg. Best burgers I've ever had!! It's too bad it's far from me or else I would go here like all the time! Love how they have sweet potato fries here no complaints whatsoever! The staff was really sweet :)  

                I looked this place up on Yelp in hopes of getting a good garlic burger when passing through Gilroy. What we got was great.  The bun was fresh and the toppings were awesome. The angus beef with the garlic was cooked just right and the garlic fries were very flavorful also. The burger was a third pounder! It was the Big Roy. I suggest splitting it with someone. I did and still left full. They do lack a little in the drink selection department.  The staff was fast and friendly. They also had some jalepeno mustard and chipotle ketchup. Very good!  I recommend this place to all in town and passing through! I know I will be back.  

                Great burgers. We had bbq and baja, with onion rings and sweet potatoes fries.  Sweet Potatoe fries were awesome. Crispy on outside, not soggy like most places.  Bread on burgers helped make the burger.  Fresh ingredients,.  

                I just wanted to say..this is the third time i've been here, and I still love the 100 percent Angus burger!  I heart this place.  

                The 1st and 2nd times I went, the burgers were fantastic - really seemed like one of these gourmet spots popping up in trendier towns.  But the 3rd and 4th times were a let-down.  I could be wrong but it seems like now it's just a thin overcooked patty (maybe it was always thin?  I could have been giving them extra points before for newness).  One was darn near burnt.  The buns are really good though, as well as the fries and shakes (great shakes of the month too).  I really like the jalapeno mustard and chipotle ketchup.  I'd go again if a friend wants to, but if it's my choice I'd probably choose somewhere either more reliable or with beer.  

                Burgers are very good. The buns are a little heavy but still tasty. High quality meat and ingredients really show through.   The mushroom medley burger was excellent. The fries and onion rings are outstanding! You will be amazed at how dry they are. Check out the photo. No greasy taste or feel on your hands. If you like onion rings these are a must try. The fries are made here fresh as well as the onion rings.   Staff was nice. We had exceptional service from Niamh (Irish name, sounds like Eve with an N). We ordered half sweet potato and half regular fries, and then.... I saw a few  orders of onion rings pass by and I asked it was possible to change my sweet potato fry order for onion rings. I am sure it wasn't convenient but she took care of it with a huge smile on her face, said I would love them and asked if I wanted ranch. She was helpful to anyone who approached her, warm and kind. Really lovely to engage.   Clean tables, good food, pleasant staff, and clearly quality!  

                It is well deserved 5 star. The quality of this food is evident. You don't pay too much more  

                Stopped here on my drive home from SF. Felt like having a burger. Parked right in front, not a soul inside (which I love - cause I'm impatient). I just wanted a regular burger with bacon and fries. Good burger, nothing more to say about that. Upgraded fries to garlic fries cause it's gilroy - duh (they had a couple options), they were pretty good fries, and a coke. Think it was around $10?  Quick service. Workers there looked like they were all in high school. Got to enjoy some high school lovers drama whilst enjoying my burger and fries. Wouldn't have changed a thing.  Bathroom is jankey AF.  

                Pretty good food...if you want a quality burger. Their chipotle mustard is great for a burger and they offer sandwiches and fries, plus salads as well. Has a couple tables inside. Staff are pretty friendly. Not through the roof, but not super lame. Its a quality burger that you pay a little more for.  

                We decided to stop here on a trip from Cambria after reading the reviews.  I'm sorry to say I was not impressed.  The toppings are good and the meat was ok. But the bun was super thick, the bacon was paper thin and the garlic fries were twice cooked in an old oil. Maybe we just came on a bad day.  

                Excellent flavor. Juicy. Cooked perfectly. Double bacon cheeseburger is my favorite. Garlic fries are freaking good....so much garlic my wife wouldn't come near me afters!  

                Instant burger fix!   Had the mushroom burger which consisted of portobello, shiitake and crimini mushrooms with caramelized onions. It was delicious! The burgers are made to order so it's super hot and fresh. The patty was thick and juicy.   My husband also took the liberty to add garlic fries! Mind you fries are sold separately. I also heard about their sweet potato garlic fries, going to have to give that a try next time.   Definitely better than Red Robin!  

                Found this on Yelp so we are going to review it. very friendly wait staff .the place is empty when we got here but there's a lot of people coming in and out. Very accommodating in that they're going to cut the hamburgers in half for us. The hamburgers are under $10 but with all the sides and drink, it adds up. Certified Angus Beef . Delicious hamburger . Delicious garlic fries.  

                Awesome best burgers in town!!!!!! The mushroom burger was delicious , so was the bigRoy burger.  Best burger I have tasted in a long time.. oh don't forget about the garlic fries..  

                Best burger in the South Bay Area. They have a daily "Special burger" or you can order from the menu. The fries are freshly cut & cooked, sweet potato fries are simply the best. They have the "Famed area speciality" Garlic fries and they are top notch too.  

                Absolutely the best burger in Gilroy. Nowhere near the hustle and bustle of the outlets, and in a location most tourists wouldn't go through.   However, the beef is top notch and the bread is fresh and very soft. If you want REAL Gilroy garlic fries, this is the place. Everything is fresh and tasty.   I've tried three different burgers, from the regular to the speciality burgers, and they are all winners.   If you're into jalapeño mustard, they got you covered.   They've also ruined onion rings at other places for me.   So next time you're in the mood for an awesome burger, skip the animal style lines at the outlets and head over to this place!  

                Fantastic burgers cooked perfectly in your presence and the sweet potato fries were perfect.  

                This place is located by Quickstop, on Welburn. Not easy to see from the road but when you find it you'll thank me! :) I had the chicken club sandwich. It was delicious!! The roll was soft and fresh so I was happy.  I'm not real big on burgers, but this place is great! My mom had a Roy burger that was huge and prepared perfect! The fries are awesome. Other than the traditional "seasoned" fries, they have sweet potato fries, garlic fries and "inferno" fries. Yummmm Service is fast and can watch everything being prepared in front of you. I Love that! Besides the regular ketchup and mustard, they also have chipotle ketchup and jalapeño mustard.  The workers are efficient and friendly.  It is a little on the pricy side, but it's worth it because you can taste the quality in the ingredients.  Totally worth it.  

                Food was geat, service was great, location was great!  Just in town for the day, but a great local place to stop.  Close to the outlets and way better than any chain resturant.  Had the Baja burger wrapped in lettuce, so good!  

                Hidden gem! They make everything to order right in front of you, aka piping hot / fresh / delicious food.  We ordered:  -the grilled cheese meal for our daughter (on fresh sourdough bread, so good! And a great deal at $3.99 for the sandwich, fries and a little refillable drink) -the turkey burger with Swiss (the bun was so good - oaty and soft, homemade turkey patty, crisp produce) -the pepper burger (green chilies, fresh jalapeños, melty cheddar)  -50/50 regular/sweet potato fries (good batter on the sweet potato fries, perfect amount of salt on the regular) -a vanilla milkshake (we were fighting over this! Thick but drinkable, whipped cream on top, tasted like homemade icecream)  Service was friendly and helpful, plus the place had a nice vibe to it and was clean.   Want to try the onions rings, homemade veggie burger and BBQ burger next time!  

                "If it doesn't get all over the place, it doesn't belong in your face" should be Cafe 152 Burger's motto (no offense Carl's Jr)!  I ordered the Baja Burger and my s/o got the Big Roy; both so good and super messy! And you can taste the better quality.  We ordered our meals as combos (which I think it would have been cheaper to share 1 soda and get 2 separate sides) with garlic fries and onion rings. Good God, the garlic fries are awesome, but I would prefer it to be cooked longer before adding in the garlic.  Café 152 is a couple blocks down from the Outlets in a parking lot shared with other businesses.  I think this will be our new lunch spot while were in/passing Gilroy.  

