                I continue to love this place! I go every time I'm in the neighborhood and always have their salads, always fresh always delicious. Everybody super nice and friendly. Keep up the great work!  

                Yet another organic and sustainable cafe with high end prices. I saw a few items like the salads were labeled organic but not all of the menu so not sure if everything is organic but with the prices so high you would think everything was organic. They scream sustainability though down to the plastic bag, utensils, to go containers which is a great thing to see!   I got the fried chicken salad with cole slaw for $12.95 and it was just ok. The chicken was a nice portion but it was lacking in seasoning and flavor. It tasted like a regular chicken sandwhich that you can get at any restaurant. Maybe I had too high of expectations and was hoping for a chicken sandwhich on par with Rhea's in the city or Addendum in Yountville. The slaw was too sour and tart to even finish it let alone eat more then a few bites. The potatoe wedges were good with a nice crunch and cooked nicely.  I'm not sure if I'd come back between the long line, price and taste.  

                I have no idea why or how Cafe 15 has such high reviews - I've been there multiple times because all my friends seem to love it, but I don't know, I've generally been left underwhelmed.  The service is really slow, especially if you walk in instead of calling in your order. Expect to wait in line for a bit, and then continue to wait for your food to be served. Not a good place if you're hungry.  The food also has been really lackluster for me  1. Spicy pulled pork sandwich Disgusting! The meat is marinated in a really weird sauce that has way too much vinegar. I would definitely not recommend this. It's just plain gross. Also the last time I ordered it I got sick, so I can't vouch for the methods they use to prepare this.  2. Fried chicken sandiwch Meh. I feel like you get way better chicken at a chain like Popeye's or KFC. The chicken was overcooked and tough and the bread was soggy and mushy when I ate it. The coleslaw that came with the food though was yummy.  3. Old fashioned potato hash Super greasy and oily, although the portions are generous.  all in all, aside from the overpriced fruit cups here, this place has really sub par food. don't come here if you have other options  

                A couple of us decided to try out Café 15 for lunch today.  It's located at the corner of 15th and Jefferson at the backside of the State building. The restaurant has about five table inside and tables outside for about 20 people.  Beating the lunch crowd, we checked out the menu consisting of soups/salads, sandwiches and some entrees, placed our orders and were able to score an outside table on this beautiful warm day.    Shortly afterwards, a server brought us our napkins and utensils and then our orders came.   I ordered the Fried Chicken Sandwich (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-15-oakland-3?select=IlCrfovptO6gYtyzfBJOQA#cWE66ORCbRx6wdMLMCCVVQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe…</a>).  The sandwich consisted of a chicken breast meat with a lemon mayo in a torpedo roll.  The chicken had a nice crisp in the outside and it was moist in the inside.  It was not oily, but felt the chicken could have used some more seasoning.  The sandwich also came with a side of cabbage slaw. If you like you slaw to be on the vinegary side, then this slaw is for you.  I'm glad I finally was able to give Café 15 a try.  Will be back to check out their other menu offerings.  Oh, they also provide free infused water to quench your thirst with your meal.  

                I came solely based on the reviews which I now feel are a bit skewed. This place is quaint and small. Really more of a catering or pick and go spot. Dining in proved to be a bit of challenge as there was no waiter. If you want a quick bagel sandwich, muffin, etc. then this is the place. A quiet breakfast for two then it's perfect. Beyond that will pose a problem. The atmosphere and menu are unique with its eclectic furniture and plates to the homemade sausage. The scrambled eggs I received (but didn't order - I asked for over easy) were made with fresh organic local eggs and tasted great. The fair is standard, I expected more based on the menu and surroundings. Could have just been an off-Wednesday.  

                I had the pleasure to eat here today and I tried out the Fried Chicken sandwich with lemon mayo and a side of cabbage slaw. The flavor in the cabbage slaw has a kick to it. Some people may not like the tangy flavor, but I did enjoy it myself. As for the fried chicken, it was cooked to perfection. The chicken was not dry and the bun was perfect for the meat. Every bite was good. Next time, i'm going to put the cabbage slaw in my sandwich. I liked how they use mirrors to write their menu. The menu changes daily, so this is the reason why for the mirrors. The only reason why i'm giving this place 4 stars is because of the prices. There is a picture of the menu posted in the Yelp gallery. Back in 2010 the Fried chicken sandwich cost $8.50. Not knowing and being my first time walking into this place, I saw that the Fried chicken sandwich costs $11. I've had Bake Sale Betty's Fried Chicken sandwich and theirs costs $7.75 I believe. I'm not knocking this place at all, but the price seems a little steep. I will come here again because my co-worker recommended me to try their burger.  

                A little expensive for a plate of hash, eggs & sausage. I would expect half of what it was @ $12.45. A quiet little place that feels very homey and comfortable. Definitely feels like a place you could go and relax over a cup of coffee with your friends. Fast service and delicious food. Mmm. Would eat here again but probably order something cheaper and stick to making fennel sausage plate at home.  

                I finally tried their breakfast sandwich. This review is solely based on the breakfast sandwich I had. The eggs are scrambled with gruyere cheese and for more $, I went for the meat selection: chose fennel sausage. It was huge portion. It looked like a big burger.   It's a sausage patty. Not links. Looks like home-made ground sausage with fennel seeds shaped into a large thick patty. I almost thought they had my order wrong because it look so much like ground beef burger with scrambled eggs lol. I felt like taking a nap after eating the breakfast sandwich lol. Meh. I didn't really like it. Taste bland. Maybe if I chose chicken apple sausage or bacon, it will add more flavor to the sandwich.  There was one complaint....the eggs were pipin' HOT in temperature. It burnt my inside upper gums and can feel it peeling when I came back to work =( Hate it when that happens. Now, I don't have the appetite to eat lunch and very uncomfortable with my mouth like this. I should've packed it to go and waited until it cooled down. Won't be getting the breakfast sandwich anymore. I love their lunch items and will stick to those only.  

                Don't know why it took me forever to finish this review. I had the Café 15 burger and it was honestly one of the best burgers I've ever had! Super juicy, perfectly cooked, and it was a decent size. I also loved the fresh and colorful vegetables that you could use to garnish the burger with. The fries were also delicious! Perfectly cooked, not greasy whatsoever and they had a very nice seasoning.   As for the Café itself I found it to be small and adorable. It has a small seating area indoors but there's also seats outside which is quite nice. The decor is very simple and clean which I love. And the menu layout is also very simple. I really liked the variety of items on their menu as well as the description. I swear I would start craving every item on their menu.  My only word of advice is not to come during lunch hours since it does get REALLY busy. I got there just before lunch so the café was empty but within a matter of minutes, literally minutes, the café filled up and there was a line all the way outside just to order.  Great little place in Oakland. I wish I lived closer so I could come as often as I want but unfortunately I'm all the way in San Diego. :(  

                I was looking for brunch in the Oakland area after hiking in Muir Woods. The other places I had been Yelp stalking are closed on Mondays... #rude.   I came across this place which is literally right off the freeway. Parking is a little sketchy (I'm from Honolulu).   The menu looked amazing! And as I said I'm visiting from HNL so the prices are super reasonable compared to what I'm used to paying for local, organic, sustainable.   We settled on the fried chicken sandwich (we had to know if it was truly better than Bakesale Betty). And the Cafe 15 Salad with a large order of handcut fries. And to drink? Roasted Stonefruit Lemonade. (OMG, Yumm!)   Everything was amazing! And yes, the sandwich was as good as Bakesale. (I'm thinking they should try to do something to set it more apart, since the coleslaw was almost a copycat).   Would LOVE to go there again, but they're closed on weekends.  

                We wanted to stop for brunch somewhere closeby and we were drawn to Cafe 15 by the high reviews and green outlook. My first impression is the seating area is ridiculously small. For such a popular place, they only seat 12 people. We were able to get a table after "camping" one.  Positives:  GREAT tasting water. They have an infusion every day. Today's was blood orange and celery root. Wow.  The food is excellent. The cheese panini was 5 stars. Excellent. Good coffee. Good soup. Loved the hearty side salad. Even the hamburger was perfect.   Negatives:   Too small. This is NOT a restaurant. This is a small cafe.  Difficulty parking.  EXPENSIVE - $35 for lunch for 2  Bottom line:   If you are walking in downtown Oakland and you want REALLY good food and water and don't mind paying a lot for it, eat here.   Five stars because the food was so good - it made the negatives less important.  

                Filthy! As I stood to the side looking at their menu, I noticed that one of the cooks (some greasy haired looking man), was dipping and licking his fingers into the stream of olive oil he was pouring from a tin container to a plastic one. The phone rings, and he answers it with his greasy fingers, puts the phone up against his greasy hair, and afterwards places the phone on the work counter! WTF?!?! He then steps on the tin container, and picks it up to throw away, but then continues handling food with his unwashed hands! At times he's even wiping his face. In retrospect, I wish I had called him out on it in front of all the customers, but at the time, I didn't want to cause a scene. Maybe I'll visit again just to do so.  I work in the government building next door, and was looking for a new place for lunch. This is definitely NOT the place I'll even consider. I'm absolutely warning my co-workers about this establishment.   I should report them to Alameda County Environmental Health!  

                Thrilled that a fresh and delicious place like this exists in downtown oakland! Went here for the second time this week and was great both times.   Had the cafe 15 salad with a cup of the daily soup (broc and cheese), and today the eggplant panini. Everything is made fresh when you order with love and care! They also have a wonderful selection homemade of jams and sauces for purchase. I got sour cherry amaretto and heirloom tomato sauce to try!   Definitely a great place to check out for lunch with you work in the neighborhood.  

                5 stars is not enough, this place is tops for breakfast and lunch , I love the high quality organic everything , since I started eating here I feel so satisfied since the food is all high quality goodness full of freshness and nutrients.  Excellent high quality goodness that out of this world  

                The sandwiches and salads on the menu boards are nothing special. Sure, the fried chicken sandwich is better than Bakesale Betty's, but that's setting a pretty low bar.  The GOOD stuff--the daily specials--is on the bulletin board to the left of the register. There you'll see stuff like fennel sausage pasta, salads with goat cheese and various salumi, etc. And if you wanted a side that isn't fried potatoes or a side salad, this is where you'll find it.  The problem is that the pricing on the board o' specials reflects the not-so-classic adage of "You pay for what you get", at least when compared to the main menu. For example, $7 for a small side of butter beans (aka lima beans) is just too much, regardless of how good they are.  === Mini-FAQ: * Yes, I ordered it. * Yes, they were pretty good. * No, I'm not going to order them again. ===  It's a charming little hole-in-the-wall, the staff is friendly, and there IS good food to be had. But it's hard to ignore how much you'll end up paying for it.  

                These guys have a great oyster poor boy.  The chicken sandwich is pretty tasty too. I have to agree with everyone. I feel like I had a long wait for my food but worth it.  

                Fried chicken sandwich was fantastic!!  Especially the bun, best bun - fresh and sweet and perfectly toasted.  The slaw that came with it was delish.  Totally crisp and limey, with very thin slices of jalapeno that added the perfect kick.      Prices were good, staff was SO nice, definitely will be going back.  :)  

                Quaint, But Overrated  $&#%!  Okay, I'm done letting off some steam. There are beer bottles, condoms, and One Direction items all over the place. I feel much better now.  I had lunch here with my friend Elaine today (she looked like a stone fox- hahaha). I feel like giving this place 2 stars, but I want to show the world that I do in fact have a heart (okay, I'm starting to laugh now). Anyway, it was the first (and possibly last) time here for both of us.  Note: I quote reviewer Erica M. 4 times in this review.  I got lost while walking here, but I'm fully to blame (it's true, though, that this place is "really tucked in there").    Our cashier was friendly and helpful. All the employees I saw worked hard.  The menu is mainly on blackboards and thin sheets of paper (ex: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/caf%C3%A9-15-oakland-2?select=IlCrfovptO6gYtyzfBJOQA#L7EXotvIhhcqBt4FL5sxsg">yelp.com/biz_photos/café…</a>). There are over 30 selections (ex: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/caf%C3%A9-15-oakland-2?select=IlCrfovptO6gYtyzfBJOQA#m1Gc6LLgqYBK-uS_vTePfg">yelp.com/biz_photos/café…</a>). The breakfast items seem to be impressive.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/caf%C3%A9-15-oakland-2?select=IlCrfovptO6gYtyzfBJOQA#kFL42TcTpdOCoJlEGNv0kA">yelp.com/biz_photos/café…</a>: Sadly, mac and cheese is no longer served here (I wanted to share a bowl with Elaine- I ended up telling her about Rudy's Can't Fail Cafe, a nearby place that serves big bowls of it).  We weren't given receipts, but my total was $14.51. Elaine's total was over $17. The prices here are "affordable," but not great in terms of other eateries in the area.  Very Limited Hours: M-F 7:30 a.m.-3 p.m.   The ambiance here is nice. I kind of felt like I was in a little cottage.  "It gets BUSY" here, but we came at a good time (11:30).  The seating capacity is 14 inside (4 tables), and about 15 outside.  It's frankly too cramped inside. A few people got in my way, and our table was quickly snatched up when we left. In addition, this place is so small that I didn't feel comfortable enough taking any other pictures.  It was loud inside. I couldn't hear Elaine well (she often had to repeat herself).  You can help yourself to napkins and utensils.  There's free ice water (Elaine took advantage of this).  I had this to drink: <a href="/redir?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.isetan.com.sg%2Fassets%2Fimages%2F4650%2Fzoom%2FSan_Pellegrino_Sparkling_Orange_copy.jpg%3F1361428088&s=3810013574e80f24a65f18c6967baf8ff14168aaa2d7adbb97456d4ebd795a39" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">isetan.com.sg/assets/ima…</a> (I know that Blood Orange is better, but I was in the mood for something lighter).  In general, the fridge here boasts a decent selection of drinks.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/caf%C3%A9-15-oakland-2?select=IlCrfovptO6gYtyzfBJOQA#c-NSEWyPpqnRQsm-v2i1gg">yelp.com/biz_photos/café…</a>: "Hand Cut sea salt & herb fries": 7.5/10. My fries were thick and nicely seasoned, but otherwise just average. I was kind of surprised and disappointed (in general, I Iove fries).  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/caf%C3%A9-15-oakland-2?select=IlCrfovptO6gYtyzfBJOQA#gIi1uaPj7uJa0wTxpGKLeA">yelp.com/biz_photos/café…</a>: I brought my camera and everything, but Elaine still had to remind me to take some pictures. ;)  "Cafe 15 burger- fresh ground chuck mixed with bacon, onion, and topped with cheddar. Caramelized onion on bun" ($8.95): 6/10. It felt longer, but we only had to wait about 5 minutes for our food. I would have gladly waited longer, though, if my burger was the way I wanted it. My patty was not well done, but quite pink.  I went out of my way to say "well done," but I don't really know if the cashier or the cook messed up.  I didn't complain. I wanted to focus on Elaine, not my food. I also felt a bit pressed for time.  I didn't care for my onions, but it's my bad that I had to deal with them (I read the description before ordering). My cheese and bacon were decent, but there wasn't enough of either. My bun was a tad burnt.  My mom made similar burgers in the past that were much juicier and better. Anyway, I should have ordered something else.  "... organic, free-range, grass-fed ...": I guess this is supposed to matter to me, but in my kingdom, taste rules. My food may have been somewhat healthy, but it just didn't taste great. It didn't even fill me up. That's the bottom line.  "Old fashion potato hash with our homemade fennel sausage and two sunny side up eggs": $9.95.  Elaine's meal filled her up. In particular, there were a lot of potatoes.  Elaine gave me some of her sausage. The pieces were big and tasty.  "I should have ordered a salad." Their salads are supposed to be good, and I feel bad that Elaine didn't enjoy her food more.  After Lunch: Some people in the area helped a blind man get around. It was nice to see (Elaine wanted to help too).  My wife made me laugh: "Sounds like you had a sucky and dullsville lunch! Glad you got it over with!" (I don't really feel this way. Her sentiments are stronger than mine.)  I'm not sure why, but I smelled all rank when I returned to work (a song by Elton John came to mind- "Rotten Peaches"). o_O  I love Elaine, but I'm not crazy about this place. I left fairly unsatisfied.  <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DjpR8r0D2EyY&s=632b11dc36b29c6d1bf1ba1974efadb06006866cea949d1bbc06197c8d64c78b" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">youtube.com/watch?v=jpR8…</a>  

                I like my scrambled eggs well done enough to avoid any gooey wetness to the eggs at all.   I usually end up with over cooked dry hard scrambled eggs.  Not here! They prepared my eggs so perfectly I was amazed.  They were fluffy and light, without a spot of rawness anywhere.  Delicious.  The menu is quite extensive for such a small place - only about 5 or 6 indoor table and 1 outside but there are more tables and chairs folded off to the side if needed.  Don't be shy, sit with someone if there are unused seats at a table and make new friends!  Oh yeah back to the menu... Very creative, fresh and tasty sounding. The chef is right there, you can watch him cook if you like. As you walk in the only menu you see is the one for lunch overhead of the kitchen.  As we were looking for breakfast at first we were disappointed. Lo and behold the menu for breakfast is against the wall beside the cashier!  We both tried the breakfast sandwich which is on a yummy roll with fluffy perfect scrambled eggs and your choice of cheese (mozzarella, gruyere or cheddar) for $4.95, we added ham for $2.50 and hand squeezed oj.  What a find!  We'll definitely be back!  

                SUPER friendly staff and SUPER delicious food! I had the fried chicken sandwich which had mayo with the slightest hint of lemon -- outstanding! The house-brewed ice tea was perfection. Cafe 15 is focused on "seasonal, local, wild, organic, & fresh food" and I can definitely tell!  

                Tucked into a little corner with two other cafes, Cafe 15 caters to the lunch crowd. With charming chalkboard menus and fruit infused water, the adorable outdoor seating elevates this tiny little restaurant into a nice place to have a lunch meeting.   I ordered the fried chicken sandwich, which arrived looking like it would be less than fabulous. From the outside, it looked like a piece of fried chicken breast was just placed in a french roll.  I was pleasantly surprised. When you slice your sandwich in half and take a bite, you are rewarded with a light lemon mayo that works well with the delicate coleslaw and juicy chicken. It's a simple sandwich that goes a long way. It's really very, very delicious.   Cafe 15 delights. A friend got the BLTA, which looked amazing. Another friend got the apple salad, which came with a slice of toast that was apparently super delicious once it soaked up all the juices from his salad. And I can't stop thinking about that fried chicken sandwich.  

                Really impressive cafe in Oakland, wish I found it sooner: -Cafe 15 salad was surprisingly great even with no dressing, I couldn't find it till I was halfway through the salad and by then I realized it was satisfying even in it's absence.  I think I am having a lovefest with pinenuts lately, they are nestled throughout.  Very simple, ingredients stand alone, a slice of Acme bread included. -Lovely generous grilled salmon on a salad of purple and fingerling potatoes and romanesco, which I don't see often.   -Lovely staff and plenty of seating -Lots of menu options and about a dozen daily specials, good variety of comfort & healthier -Breakfast is served all day -Mostly organic and local ingredients  Total bill for lunch & dinner: $35 incl tip & tax  

                I totally don't get it. I went here with 4 other friends and we all agreed the fried chicken sandwich (which was their specialty) was a miss. It was the strangest thing because the food looked gorgeous when it came out. Everything looked freshly prepared. However, when you bite into the chicken, all I tasted was their lime sauce. I can't taste the chicken or the fried crispiness of the chicken. In fact, they could've substituted fillet of fish inside and I would not have tasted the difference.  The coleslaw was also too salty and for $12.50 I felt the whole thing was a waste. We all agreed KFC would have been way better.  

                i went there for the first time. OMG this was an awesome experience for just a tiny small place.  

                I recently came to Cafe 15 with my co-workers and I'm really impressed with this restaurant!! :)   The Spicy Pulled Pork is sooo juicy, tender and perfectly spicy!  The pulled pork is savory and it's topped with a verde  salsa!! Their portions are very generous too!    I also like that the chef personally serves you your meal!  Update - July 22   I think they changed the bread that they were using and decreased the portion size the last time I came.  It was quite disappointing....I'm not quite fond of places that lower their quality when they've become popular all of a sudden..  

                Great place! Eaten here for lunch several times. Never breakfast though. If the breakfast is good as the lunch this place deserves five. Their prices have went up however, that fried chicken sandwich w the lemon aioli and the fries are just right. Sometimes I order the cole slaw by itself. Thank you Cafe 15!  

                Friendly people, OJ is fresh squeezed, and breakfast sandwich is super tasty and a great value too -- with gruyere even!  Not a lot of space, so better to grab and go during rush hour.  Also, be aware that they're cooking with care, so don't expect immediate turnaround.  If you want mcdonalds speed, look for the arches elsewhere.  That said, they weren't slow, maybe 5-10 mins.  Thumbs way up!  

                Smoked ham and gruyere panini was amazing. The split pea soup went above and beyond with finely chopped veggies and other flavors perfectly blended. The drop of yogurt on top went great with it.   The owner was also quite nice and there was a wonderful happy atmosphere during lunch in the restaurant between the chefs and the customers. Great prices as well for the quality of food.   Definitely coming back again.  

                I have to agree with some reviewers regarding the egg sandwich that was rather bland. I tried it with the chicken sausage links which gave a little taste, but not much. I enjoyed the freshly squeezed orange juice but other than that it was an expensive choice for the quality of the food.  So I will give them three stars mainly for the juice. Just as a note, I would have enjoyed seeing couple of greens on the side to give the plate a little color.  Presentation sometimes is the key in enjoying something like a breakfast sandwich.  

                **SOLID FRIED CHICKEN SANDWICH**  Cute cafe.  Indoor and outdoor seating with cute chairs.  Excellent service.  Our orders came out rather quickly.  ORDERED:  *FRIED CHICKEN SANDWICH - Good portion, juicy, crispy, and awesome soft bread with a lemony mayo. My friend claimed it tasted better than Bakesale Betty's.  *STRAWBERRY LEMONADE - On the sour side and I'm a sweet girl, so it wasn't my favorite, but I can see other loving it.  Owner gave us complimentary:  *SIDE OF COLE SLAW - Not a cole slaw fan, but this was GOOD. None of that KFC stuff, but gourmet.  *FRIED OKRA - Tasted like tempura, but thicker.  I helped myself to the free refreshing lemony water near the back.  RECOMMEND.  

                The fried chicken sandwich is sooo good that I had to come back for more. Though when I went back I ordered the Cafe burger which had bacon cooked into the patty.... Pure goodness! My girlfriend had the eggplant sandwich and made her carnivore boyfriend try it... It was also pure goodness. We sat outside both visits and enjoyed the view of the state building. Prices are a tad high for lunch & wait times are a little long but the food is worth both.  

                I love this place so much!  It is delicious and healthy, super fresh, inventive... i could go on.  There is no better place in the area.  The owners are lovely.  The menu is diverse and everything is delicious.  Today's side salad, which is $5, is a heaping serving of red quinoa, roasted summer squash, spinach, sweet corn, and roasted kumquats.  This place is incredible.  There is almost always seating for lunch, so you can go, grab your local/healthy/organic meal, a glass of their incredible lemonade (roasted stone fruit lemonade?  apricot lemonade?  had both.  loved it.  changes everyday) and sit outside in the sun.  Or, if you're busy at work, you can call in your order in advance and they'll have it ready for you in under 15 minutes.   Fantastic addition to the dining scene around here, super grateful to the folks who keep this place serving up some of the yummiest, healthiest fare in Downtown Oakland.  

                Love Cafe 15 for lunch! The salads have a surprise piece of crusty country bread at the bottom that can't be beat. The lemonade is to die for. And the eggs - if you're in the mood for eggs for a late breakfast or a comfort food lunch, are delicious. I just wish they'd bring back the oyster po'boy.  

                I went to this place for lunch and I got to say I liked the food and the service they provide  

                HOLY COW. BEST BURGER IN TOWN!  I also ordered the rosemary fries. Mondo crispy and delicious!  I just about melted when I bit into that burger (the Cafe 15 burger)...cooked to a perfect medium.  I ranted to everyone at work about it and even to my sister...it's that good you guys.  This review is short because that's all I can say. The fries were equally comparable to the burger on their own level in the world of fries. Burger King can't touch Cafe 15 with a ten foot pole!  Cafe 15 Burger over TrueBurger (sorry guys, I still love you though, and your marshmallow shake).  *Melts*  

                Had the fried chicken sandwich.  It was good, but questionably worth the high price.  Not the kind of place I would go to every day for lunch.  

                Isn't there a no star at all? I was so disappointed. I had about 50 min of lunch break, plenty time to have decent meal. Yet the worst experience ever. I'm not picky, I would forgive most inadequate service or food. I give no fault for the server or the cashier, I was going to order the special Cafe 15 burger. When I asked no onion what so ever, she appointed that this specific burger has onions even in the patty, so I ordered the regular burger with swiss cheese. Of course I had to mention no onion please again, I've had my share of green or red onions and even grilled onions are not considered onion for some people. A few minutes later I received my burger with no cheese, but that was not an issue. I had one big bite mostly the bun, I could taste something awful, usually it starts with excessive saliva and vomiting. I had to open to see what exactly was going on. I see a whole bunch of grilled onions in there, so got up and nicely reminded her that I ordered specifically no onion, and I would like another one. The cashier/server girl told the cook the order said no onion and I could hear him say its grilled onion. Well anyway she gave back the burger and I thought they were making a fresh one. After another few minutes I was thinking maybe I should just cancel my order, cause If it takes any longer I may not have enough time to consume my lunch and I had already lost appetite. Yet I still waited and surprisingly the burger came out so fast. I thought wow thats great, but I had lost my trust, I had to check my burger patty. ... And there you go, my old fries and burger patty scraped off in a new bun. Tada!!!! Of course I could've done better job at scraping the onions off myself, if that was even possibly edible. But I can't and I had to tell them more than a few times.  I went back and told her that it was scraped off and I could've done it better myself if I was going to do that. She told me that they had put a new bun! And asked did you want a fresh burger? That just does it. I wanted to scream. I was hungry, now I have no time and how could she ask me that? I asked for my money back, I don't have time. I stormed out. A few days later after the pending charge was cleared and refunded I saw a 1$ charge from them. I want to know what that's for? The one bite? When I called and told about it they suggested I come back to get my 1$ back. Seriously? I'll have to pay gas, parking, and my time. Why should I? Take responsibility. Please don't make customers suffer through your mistakes. I'm not asking for anything I just want my 1$ back, I'll forget the bad experience and not visit there again. That solves all problems.  

                A coworker introduced me to this place.  It's tucked away behind the courthouse for administrative hearings downtown.    I've been the administrative building several times but never noticed it.  I'm definitely going back.  I ordered the burger with seasoned fries.  The food was delicious.  Plus, the staff was very friendly.  I highly recommend this place to anyone who works downtown.  The only caveat is that seating is limited.  

                I love Cafe 15 with all of my stomach. The food is great - what they do with eggs is nothing short of brilliant. I could list all of the other things that I have tried and loved, however that would be the entire menu. Eat here!  

                I have eaten here for breakfast and lunch several times, and I have never been disappointed.  The food is absolutely delicious!!  Burgers, salads, fries, sandwiches....I've loved it all!  

