                They're doing so many things right in this little coastside gem.  MUST GET THE BAGELS!  I was so impressed that I asked where they got them...they make them in-house!   Coffee is great, the space is cozy, nice covered patio, people are super friendly.  What an awesome way to start the day!  

                Great breakfast spot for bagels. They have all sorts of delicious spreads and toppings. They can be quite big, so I would keep that in mind if you are planning to eat a big lunch as well. The bagels themselves are so delicious and much better than the House of Bagels chain, who also makes some pretty darn good bagels.  Plus, you get to sit in the sun in the front patio and enjoy the people-watching as well as glimpses of the ocean.  

                We rode our bikes along the costal trail and stopped in Cafe Classique for breakfast. I had the Jenn's Bagel on Rosemary and Olive Oil. It has to be one of the best bagels. Great flavor from the first to the last bite. Not as chewy as most bagels are. My husband had the Isabelle omelet. The biscuit is very flaky and so good. The omelet was good with chorizo, onions and peppers.  I recommend sitting on the deck enjoying the fresh air and ocean view.  

                Adorable little place with fresh pastries and good food. Had the Denver omelette which did not skimp on portions. I did not care for the biscuit but I don't eat much carby food anyways. My hubby got a blueberry muffin which I tasted and it was very fresh with large blueberries. He devoured it. We both got a vanilla almond milk latte....first of all kudos for carrying more then just cow milk and it was very tasty as well! They had someone playing live music which was perfect for the rainy Sunday morning weather. We were unsure if we should leave our plates or take them back to the kitchen. Saw some people take them back....so confused. Also the place is really small for as busy as they were. Overall I will be back.  

                I finally got tired of playing the roulette wheel at 3-zero cafe (bizarre outbursts from a waiter/manager) and moved my weekend breakfasts here.  Upside - breakfast without drama, predictable and fast service, great outside deck to enjoy breakfast. Competent scrambles and breakfast burritos, good mocha's.  

                This place is awesome. Only had coffee and bagel so far but will be returning. Great location looking out the harbor. Terrific bohemian beach ambiance. Staff is really friendly-we were there as they were closing and since we wanted to stay we were allowed to sit on patio and one of the staff (owner maybe?) pulled an extension cord out to patio to plug in my dead-battery laptop. If that doesn't build loyalty I don't know what does.  

                I am not a big breakfast person so Cafe Classique unfortunately is not a place I'd go for when I'm craving breakfast, there are better places for breakfast than this place, IMO.    However when my wife is craving their Drop Biscuits (apparently they are pretty good) than we find ourselves here in the later morning hours.   There are 2 items I will order at Cafe Classique that I find pretty good...  The BLT - I usually get sourdough bread and a bag of chips with it.  Their house potatoes tend to have a cast iron taste to them... sometimes I can tolerate it, and sometimes I'm just not in the mood for it!  They are usually generous with their bacon and sometimes I add avocado to it for an extra fee.  The Hamburger w/ Bacon - I will admit, they make a pretty decent burger.  It's a no frills basic hamburger, but done well and big!  Again, I normally go for the chips unless I'm in the mood for a little extra iron in my meal.  All in all, Cafe Classique is pretty reasonably priced and depending on what your going for you can probably find something... A lot of the local fisherman and locals in general go there.  Their coffee is decent and you'll have a pretty good selection of brands and flavors, and they open at like 5:30am for those early morning commuters during the week!  

                Tried the tofu scramble this time...tasty with the vegetables (if you like tofu).   Pumpkin chocolate chip cake delicious!  Soy mocha was perfect!  

                Coffee here everyday. Great breakfast and pastries. Worth your time to stop here to be sure. Far better than the corporate monster of Starfucks.  

                Came back from Europe on Easter Sunday and fell asleep early with no dinner. Woke up at 4am Monday on the coast, hungry with nothing in the fridge ... Cafe classique here we come.   Wow, Jim is in there baking magical treats...fresh out of the oven scones and cinnamon buns.  Having just returned from Paris we have high pastry standards...these treats met our increased sensitivity requirements.  The local fisherman come and go. Jim made us macchiato and fresh squeezed oj too.  Watched the sky lighten and left satisfied and pleased!  

                Dropped in very early for some eats on the way to work.    So glad I did!  + Delicious Fresh-squeezed orange juice made while I was watching! + Fresh baked croissant!  It was still warm.  But more importantly this is an excellent quality croissant! + Cool little local cafe! + Nice friendly service for my to-go stuff.  And I really need to go quickly! + took my credit card without an fuss.  Looks like they have music and other things that need a small stage and sound equipment.  Wish I had time to enjoy whatever was going to come in later that day,  Love Cafe Classique so far.  I'll definitely be back again!!!!  

                i ordered a burger...but i think i'm still waiting for it. needless to say it took a long time for it to come out. the burger itself was not great. for a diner, meh. for a food truck, meh. for any place with 4-star yelp rating, meh.   on a sidenote, we saw one customer trying to cancel his order because it took too long. it took him just as long to get his money back.  

                Hubby and I are enjoying Labor Day weekend in HMB and read about Cafe Classique here on Yelp. It was exactly what we were looking for in our laid back breakfast!  The house is old but cute with a porch that has a partial harbor view and is protected front the wind ...   I enjoyed the Jens Bagel which has avocado and is smothered in a scramble of eggs spinach tomato and cheese - delish!!   Hubby had the chorizo omelette that was pretty rich along with a fluffy biscuit - good but he was jealous of my bagel ... So I shared;-))  Know that it is super casual - plastic plates ad counter service ... But perfect if you care about a tasty, filling breakfast. All in all a great find!  

                Good menu choices   Food is cooked & prepared well.  Come on a beautiful day when you have time to sit & relax.  Restaurant gets busy, don't come here in a hurry.  

                Great little place for lunch or breakfast! Open early for breakfast and food is usually fast and really good. Place gets crowded, so get there early. Live music on weekends.  

                We really enjoyed this place. We're new to the area and are trying as many different places as we can. Cafe Classique didn't disappoint. My wife had the veggie omelette and raved about how tasty and fresh the veggies were. I had the breakfast burrito and it was great! It's definitely not Gary Danko, but as local joints go, we were super happy. Will definitely be back.  

                Stopped for a easy breakfast and coffee. It's exactly that. Building is cute. You can quietly eat outside on their deck which is nice.  Food isn't bad (or amazing). Definitely need more cheese in the omelets. The counter girl was a bit snarky.  

                Great place to grab a quick bite, especially a breakfast- y item.  I love when I sit in the back bay where the freezer is and the baker brings the yeasty bagels back to freeze.  It's a not so touristy as so many of the places in our little community.  Noticing lately there are more Mexican food options.  

                Good cup of joe. Bring in your own to go mug and it's a killer deal for some good coffee. They also make tasty treats. Haven't had the chance to go in for live music but I'm sure it's a good time  

                Thanks Yelpers! Arrived early for a kayak class at California Canoe and Kayak and used the reviews to guide me here. Great omelets and decent coffee! Just what I wanted!  

                Great cafe, especially for breakfast.  You can see the ocean nearby and they usually have a live musician playing something easy to relax to and sip on you favorite beverage and....(you fill in the blank).  Plus their bagels are awesome!  

                2 stars for dog friendly ocean view patio.  We wanted to love this place so much! Service was not friendly at all and waitress pretty much rolled her eyes when I asked questions.  Food preparation also left a lot to be desired.  Bacon was good.  Pancakes were not cooked all the way, home fries were tasty but served COLD.  Seriously?  It's not like they were busy.  Oh yeah and the kitchen swapped the listed biscuit for toast without asking. Booooo.  We will continue searching for a great dog friendly breakfast spot on the coast.    Some staff retraining might be in order if the owner reads YELP.  

                I have been to Cafe Classique a few times since moving to the coast but not for a couple years. Just went here with a friend who is newly vegan and it seemed to have some options for her when we perused the menu online.  I am not vegan and got the turkey melt - yum! When I have had their breakfast in the past I have always enjoyed it and I have never had lunch so decided to try it. No regrets!  My friend was able to tweak one of the items on the menu and they made it for her and she loved it.   I love that this is a cute local place that is open very early. And very reasonably priced as well.  

                My wife loves the "Jens bagel" comes with fresh spinach tomatoes and avocado and other good stuff. Jim the owner comes in at 2 or 3 am every morning to start preparing all the home made pastries and bagels. Staff is descent. You order at the counter and the bring the food to your table. The only place in HMB that is open at 4am to get a good cup of coffee and a bagel. Locals hot spot kinda like cheers "where everybody knows your name".  

                Veggi omelette and the rancheros were good. Mochas were yummy but too sweet for my boyfriends taste. We sat outside and enjoyed the sounds of the bay. Nothing amazing but all around good brunch spot.  

                Super charming/cozy/casual little place if you're ever down that way... a little unassuming house near Hwy 1. Friendly people, delicious food, good coffee and and cozy porch seating where you can enjoy your breakfast in the fresh air. Delish biscuits... perfect eggs...everything is just awesome here.  

                When in the coast area, this has been a breakfast favorite of ours for many years. Good flavors in the vegetable omelet, and the potatoes make everything shine. Day-old pastries are a deal. Coffee selection is good and the non-fat milk is right there. It has a funky, charming old-house feel, including being a bit underlit. When busy, a little tight on space, unless the weather or our jackets are warm enough to sit on the large deck.  

                Accidental find turned out to be a great stop in Half Moon Bay. The Huevos Rancheros were delicious. Lemon poppyseed muffin was great. Wife says the jasmine tea was good.  

                Excellent coffee selection and in house baked goods.  Café Classique often has musicians on its open stage and has a relaxed atmosphere.  This is reminiscent of the coffee house experience we all lose the second we step into a "chain" coffee shop with fixed menus.  I also highly  recommend the Breakfast Burrito or Huevos Rancheros if that's what you're into because theirs are well proportioned and have great flavor with in house salsa fresca.  

                I'm always on the lookout for quiet places with wholesome food and a calm vibe and I found a good one just down the road. Check out their hours: Welcome to Cafe Classique, Good Food, Great Drinks, Music, and a Cool Time Hours: Open 4 AM.  When it Slows, We Close. It could hardly get any more California Cool than that, folks - a funky seaside café with local art on the walls, local food on the menu, and local locals getting their coffee and pastries before work or surfing - but it does. On Friday and Saturday nights, Jim and Gail Bauer, the owners, turn it into Bauers' After Hours for songwriters. Gail told me they belong to the Songwriters' Guild of America and Jim gave us a sweet demonstration of one of his own songs right on their well equipped little stage.  It's hopping in the mornings so this introvert goes a little later - but not too late, their strudel sells out fast.  <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fsett.com%2Freclusivelysocial%2Fclassy-cafe-classique&s=8be879cf221001e679c5c8265c765883e8d939d9cde7c7e08ec835356f77e615" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">sett.com/reclusivelysoci…</a> <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cafeclassique.com%2F&s=eb644a5bd1fbee0d5487a463238f4c9e0c3a6262c93ca34bd297f5cc65ec4318" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">cafeclassique.com</a> <a href="/redir?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fpages%2FCafe-Classique%2F197964376943989&s=acabceff64629caaf8183c2204f259fc625ddbcbb83771733a195cdc6e23908c" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">facebook.com/pages/Cafe-…</a> <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-classique-el-granada">yelp.com/biz/cafe-classi…</a>  

                Visited early Sunday morning and had an incredible omelet -- we shared the Vegetarian, and asked for it with bacon.  It was huge, and packed with tender fresh veggies: tomatoes, spinach, artichoke hearts, cheddar cheese and bacon.   I like it that they sauteed the veggies before adding them... so many omelets come packed with almost raw vegetables, which I do not find very appetizing.  On the plate were some delicious home fries, which were very nicely seasoned, and not too salty.  Also, a tender freshly baked biscuit.    My friend ordered a bagel with cream cheese and lox, and it was gorgeous -- toasted and carefully prepared with nice generous slices of lox, topped with sliced red onions, tomatoes, and capers.    The coffee is good, with a nice selection of choices, and free refills.    A very nice touch is the live music on Sunday mornings, from 8:30-9:30.  Gary entertained us singing a number of his original songs, playing the guitar.  It was perfect as we breakfasted.  Just wish the music was offered over a longer period for those of us who aren't really early birds!  Donations go to the Green Beret Foundation.  The stage is dedicated to performers to showcase their original music.    There is a good-sized outdoor patio too.  Will be fun to return when it's not quite so nippy!   Very friendly service, caring and warm.  So many little nice touches everywhere.    And the walls are covered with beautiful art by local artists.  This alone is worth a visit to see the vast array of art created by very talented folks.  

                I liked Cafe Classique for its vibe, the friendliness of the staff, and the really awesome surf & ocean photos lining the walls. Oh and the blueberry muffin.  I didn't like Cafe Classique for its Huevos Rancheros, whose counterparts seemed to be Costco-bought.  In reality, it wasn't bad.  I mean, eggs? Fine. Black beans? Fine.  Shredded orange cheese? Fine. Avocado slices and sour cream? Fine and fine. But the generic taste of those pre-fried corn tortillas that you can buy and the super salty salsa smother? Notttttt fiiiiine.  During our visit, there was a musician hammering out the details of how to make the place sound better, acoustically speaking.  That seemed cool.  Everyone in HMB and the surrounding areas knows each other, and is very friendly. For some reason, I prefer the anonymity of SF. And the huevos rancheros at almost any spot in the Mission.  

                Best muffins! My fav being the all bran with blueberries; but raspberry/white chocolate muffin, and all other pastries are equally delicious. Note to chocolate croissant lovers, this might be one of the best in the Bay Area!  

                Love this place. Cute. Unpretentious. Great food. Great coffee. Homemade bagels. Opens at the crack of dawn. Wow.  

                It's the only game in town.  I used to frequent this cafe for many years and thought it was awesome, as a result; i can only eat stale bread now.  I remember the voodoo sausage that they would cook off the day before then re-heat to serve to the customers.  I remember the big tip jar in front of the counter that I would put tips in for the girl to call my name so I could come pick up my own food.  I remember paying around $18.50 for breakfast every morning for years until i finally moved away.  I couldn't believe it when the waitress brought my food right to my table and smiled, and the bill only being $11.00 but I can't get used to the soft flaky biscuits and fresh sausage the rest of the world serves.      PS i remember taking an old timer friend of mine to this restaurant for lunch and after a few bites of his food he looked at me like I was out of my mind.  I get it now Hank ;0)  

                This place is good. Fresh bagels, breakfast options to go or sit down. Kona is the way to go.  

                Amazing, quick, great quality. I love the area with a high concentration of good food. The coffee bar is cool and so good for a caffeine head like myself.  

                Great neighborhood cafe -- always have at least 6 coffees to choose from (I highly recommend the pumpkin coffee!)  and wonderful made in-house pastries and bagels and great breakfast and lunch!  

                El Granada?....I have to admit I didn't even know there was a town between Moss Beach and Half Moon Bay, but there it is...El Granada. It's a cute little hamlet, but what drew my eye off Hwy 1 was the little cafe sign if you get held up at the stoplight there.  It's just a yellow clapboard house turned into a coffee stop for breakfast and lunch (see my photo...looks like it's been painted from the original white). Even at 8am, the place seems to attract quite a local crowd since the tables were full up, and the kitchen looked busy. It has a few tables crowded together inside and a few more on the patio. 8am on a very foggy morning didn't make the patio look any more inviting, so I was lucky I snatched a little bar table next to the back kitchen.  They have a pretty robust breakfast menu, but I went for the basics and ordered the $8.95 Three-Egg Scrambler (see my photo). It was good, not too rubbery, and the home fries were awfully tasty for a change (I've had a run of dry home fries lately). They provide a homemade biscuit instead a of toast, a nice change in theory...but it wasn't warm and actually had more the consistency of a scone. Needless to say, I buttered and jellied that up in quick order.  The coffee was good and refills were free. Quite a selection of brews available for your own pumping. The server was very friendly and seemed to know pretty much everybody in the place except this Stranger from the City....and the mouthy tourists who kept showing up. I'd definitely come back if I come down to Half Moon Bay. Definitely beats Main Street Grill now that Original Johnny's is gone.  FOOD - 4 stars...hearty, country-style breakfast...in the country!...well, Half Moon Bay AMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...truly just a converted house...charming if you like that kind of cozy village feeling SERVICE - 4 stars...friendly folks even to strangers like me TOTAL - 4 stars...worth a breakfast stop on your next Hwy 1 drive  

                Great spot with solid food.  Favorite is the veggie scramble, be sure to ask for fresh salsa.  Jim and Karen are the owners and they make you feel like Norm from Cheers when you come in.  Our favorite staff member is Brenda :) and she makes us feel like Super Norm. Husband loves the breakfast wrap.  Top notch baked goods made fresh daily on site.  

