                This is the fourth time I've ended up at this restaurant, and it was purely for one reason, and one reason only. I cravedddddd their falafel.   I can't quite compare this falafel with any other falafel, mainly because this is the only place I've ever purchased and consumed one. But I do say, I'm a picky eater.   The falafel cost me a whopping $4.09, courtesy of the $1 off yelp check-in coupon.  Cheaper, fresher, and jam-packed with more food than a subway sandwich. Yup. I said it.   This wrap is well flavored, not too heavy on the seasoning which is a plus in my book. It came with three sauces on the side, I believe it was taziki sauce, hot sauce, and hummus (not really a sauce right?!?) Goodness gracious, it was fantastic.    Though I finished the phenomenal falafel in one sitting, I'm almost certain it was made to feed two of me.   All in all, the falafels here are delicious, inexpensive, and filling.   Oh yeah, and they have pretty bomb baklava.  

                The chicken gyro is really good, an easy 4.5 stars. The first time I came here, the service was  not great but my chicken gyro was good so I was okay with it. What I wasn't okay with tho was the ice cold  soggy French fries they gave me. They were clearly hours old & they just tossed them in my bag like they were fresh.   The reason for three stars is mostly due to my second experience here. I came in and of course the service wasn't great, actually a little worst then before but I wasn't expecting much so I was fine with it, as long as my chicken gyro was good I had no worries. So I place my order for a CHICKEN gyro without old fries of course. It's takes about 10-15 minutes for my food to come, which wasn't a big deal because there were people ahead of me. Now what made me mad is when I got home and my Chicken Gyro wasn't a chicken gyro, it was a regular gyro. I ate it bc I was hungry and didn't want to leave the house to take it back and have to wait another 15 minutes for a new one but it just really sucked that they couldn't get the order right.   I would recommend this place, just make sure you don't order fries, check your food before you leave & don't expect very friendly service.  

                I a residence of Hayward and come from Afghanistan who is familiar with food and I always eat out. I have to say I have never tasted such a food all my life. No flavor, Raw and old meat which was at least a week old. the Beef Kabob was old and chewy and chicken kabob was raw un cooked, the rice was warmed up with a old smell. I have nothing against this place I have always supported any family owned business but when the food and service is under ZERO then they need to find something else to do for living because cooking and serving should be a passion. The girl who takes order has no customer service skill, she talks to u in a very rude and loud voice and I feel bad for the owner ur brand, ur name, ur business is in the line better step up before it brings you down. It is not a fake review and again I have nothing against this place PLEASE FIND ANOTHER PLACE TO SPEND YOUR MONEY TOO EXPENSIVE.. my number is 5107095805.  Good Luck  

                I had such high hopes for this place based on the reviews.  First off, let's start with customer service.  Not impressed, I tried to order their Gyro/Chicken platter 3 times, the cashier kept telling me they didn't do that, I had to point it out to her on the menu.  After we finally got the order straight we sat down to wait, not much of an atmosphere here.  One big room painted a redish color with most of the tables moved to the side and one tiered plate with plastic fruit.    As it appears that they cook everything to order, I studied their menu.  $2.00 to make it a combo, basically to add drink and fries.  So they have  a  two price menu, al la carte, then the meal price.  I don't know who did their math, but if you order the Falfal meal, hey it's only $1.75 more, but if you order the fish sandwich, instead of it being $2.00 more, it is $2.70 more, hmmm.....just trying to pass time.    I would say we sat there about 10-15 minutes waiting for the food.  Originally when I placed the order I asked if they had canned soda to go, they said they don't offer that; however, after reading their menu "canned soda $1.00".  Can I say, really not impressed with the service?  Okay now let's move on to the food.  I had just come back from New York and had the best Halal food ever, so the bar was set pretty high.  They didn't even come close, the chicken was a bit on the dry side, the gyro was just okay at best, the rice was bland, at least you can't go wrong with the pita bread; however, I didn't think you could really screw up hummus, but none of us really liked it.   They give you I tiny tiny container of sauce, not enough to spread over the dish.  Prices are okay, they have a parking lot in back that was pretty much full, which was unusual considering there was only one other table seated.  

                Used to drive by this place everyday but never tried it out until recently (after I stopped driving past it, interestingly enough). Barely noticeable when you're driving past. Incredibly limited parking (some extra around the back, but look out for incoming cars, it's an extremely narrow driveway and requires some patience to let the other car pass if you can manage that). I usually park in the adjacent parking lot where the Burger King is and just hop the railing. During busy hours, I wouldn't place too much hope in the parking lot, since it's shared with several other restaurants and is fairly small.  Now about the place! Food gets served reliably slow. But the place still gets 4 stars! Why? First off, it's delicious (but then, I've only ever ordered the beef shawarma because I've never needed anything else!). Second, they sometimes give you free food during the wait that I otherwise would never have tried (I recommend bolani for potato-lovers if you're looking for a healthier option than fries). Just recently, I phoned to order ahead to reduce the wait that I knew would be coming. I'm not sure if they forgot or there was some communication breakdown, but I ended up waiting the normal amount of time and the lady apologized profusely and offered the girlfriend and I soda and baklava. I do love me some free food.  Worth a visit just for the beef shawarma. Haven't tried anything else aside from what they offer for free. Eat it.  

                I have been to multiple gyro spots in the area and this is by far the worst. I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak and I did not like a single thing about it. The meat had a horrible flavor and the bread was no where near fresh. When I told the young woman at the register she, with an attitude, asked what I don't like about it. I explained why I did not like my sandwich and she responded with, "Well this is the Philly Cheesesteak." She then asked what I wanted and seemed annoyed that I even wanted anything else. The worst part about my experience was that this woman and  her mom were speaking about me in their language....and I understood every word of it. Horrible customer service and mediocre food. If you can head elsewhere.  

                What can I say? I always place a phone order with this restaurant and pick up my food. Every time I place an order over the phone, someone super nice and kind always picks up and takes my order. The food is delicious, reasonably priced and comes in good sized portions. This review is for their regular menu, not their afghan food menu. I just have ONE wish for this business, PLEASE BE OPEN ON SUNDAYS :)  

                Had the hamburger... It was well seasoned. Although the patty was originally pre-made and the bun not toasted, overall, the flavor was great. The place is large and the menu is pretty extensive. A bit more focus might help and leaning towards fresher ingredients will enhance the already delicious flavors even more.  

                I went there for lunch today at  around 12pm. Though it was lunchtime, the restaurant was empty and quiet. I approached the counter and ordered the Chicken Kabob with rice ( around $12 w/ tax included). Since it was the chicken Kabob, it took them a little while to cook it. The wait time for me was 10mins. But, I would say the wait was very much worth it.   Chicken Kabob:  The chicken was very tender and grilled so perfectly. There were a total of five chicken pieces. The rice was very good too. I would say the rice has this very smooth and soft texture to it. ( They also sprinkled Suya powder on top of the chicken and rice! The Suya powder are spicy with a hint of lime)   Inside:  The inside of the restaurant has a lot of tables you can sit at. There is not waiter service, so that basically means you have to pay for your food first and then just pick a table to eat at. There's also a pool table you can play pool at. In terms of decorations, there are not many. They kept the walls pretty simple. A very clean and simple restaurant!   Parking:  Limited parking in the front! So, you can either PARK in the back or next to Burger King. ( I am not sure if you can park at Burger King, but you can always try) Or, if you want to park by Burger King, just don't park there for long.   Customer Service:  The people are very nice. No small talks ( which I like). You can pay in cash or credit cards ( no min requirement)    Tip: CHECK IN ON YELP if you are getting a sandwich. ( YOU GET A DOLLAR OFF YOUR SANDWICH AND ON YOUR BIRTHDAY!)  

                My husband and I like to come here and get food to go. We love the combination plates. The food is well seasoned and delicious!  

                Was craving some Mediterranean and this was the closest spot that was open last night. Decided to go with the chicken gyro plate. It was almost a 15 minute wait and there were 2 other people that had placed their orders before me. I didn't mind as I knew the food would be freshly cooked. My food was ready and I took it with me home.  On the short drive home, my car was filled with the wonderful aroma! The chicken smelled wonderful!  Was pleasantly surprised at HOW MUCH chicken and rice was given. The yogurt sauce, chutney and spicy sauce were awesome but portions definitely could have doubled. Salad was dismal and too much Italian dressing was put on it. I'll definitely ask for dressing on the side when I order takeout as it was a bit soggy by the time I ate it. I ended up mixing all of the sauces, chicken and rice together and boy was it filling. I was full and ended up eating it all because it tasted so good!   I'll definitely be coming back here. I want to try their falafel and schwarma wraps.   Parking available in the back but it was all full so I ended up parking in the lot next door in the strip mall.  

                I WOuld rate NEGATIVE stars if they let you... Received a flyer on my door for this place states open 7 days a wk so we were in the mood for chilling at home and getting some food delivered... Well called the number no voicemail just ringing after a few rings it just beeped.  So I figured maybe they're busy let me try in a few, I called back maybe 5mins later same thing.  So I googled the name have me a different number, the one I was calling was 5105814106 but Google gave me 5105814100 so I called there was a voicemail informing you of the change in times which stated Sundays (today) opened 11-10pm so I left a voicemail.  So after no reply I yelped and it shows me that today they are closed....wtf really annoying and unprofessional I will NEVER ORDER FROM YOU GUYS THIS WHOLE ORDEAL WAS UNNECESSARY AND FRUSTRATING.  GET YOUR BUSINESS RIGHT BEFORE YOU START PROMOTING YOUR BUSINESS ON FOLKS DOORSTEPS....  

                This place gets a strong 3 stars for their awesome gyros.  Very generous and tasty.  I get the beef/lamb and my daughter loves the vegetarian gyro. (She's picky and hard to please)    As for atmosphere. . None really.  I haven't tried there pizza and want to try their other afghan cuisine.  The people that work are hard workers and want to please their customers.     I see people drift in and order to go and hear the phone orders come in.    I believe the prices are fair.  Will let you know how the other food goes.  

                This review is for the falafel sandwich. It was such a disappointment that I did not eat more than two or three bites. The sandwich was on a flour tortilla and grilled. It had pickles and black olives, too. I've never come across a falafel prepared this way.  Gross.  Even the falafel itself was dry and void of much flavor.  My husband said his gyro was pretty bland too. Maybe their pizza is better ... Not willing to risk it though.  

                Just under $9 for gyro, fries & baklava with the check-in coupon :) service is a little slow so I suggest calling ahead to place your order. The fries were nothing special just your regular frozen thick cut variety that you could find at the bowling alley snack bar.. The gyro wasn't bad but the flavors weren't as pronounced as the one from Mikono's in Milpitas. My favorite was definitely the baklava that was the highlight of my meal. I would go back for dessert and maybe to try their Afghan dishes but probably not the gyros.  

                I Dedham high hopes for this spot! Esp because I'm pregnant and all I want is gyros! So I have been going to a spot on 3rd in San Mateo faithfully but because I love in haywar decided I would try this place with my husband and hound daughters. Well, long story short! ABSOLUTE FAIL!!!!!   While ordering the girl didn't understand what I wanted and made her own version of my order! I ordered steak gyro with no onions, no lettuce and no bell peppers and what I got was a philly cheese steak sandwich.   And I also ordered chicken kabob, just the kabob no sides and got a chicken plate with rice and a salad...   The food was ok for something I wasn't expecting but my husband wasn't pleased at all nor was my 6 yr old.   Never going back and never going to anywhere where the people taking the orders don't understand what I'm ordering. Def a big let down!  

                Amazing sweet place !!!located on the road tucked in a corner! The place is neat and clean! It was the lady behind the counter who stole my heart with her kind nature and caring nature. She suggested dishes to me( chicken Kabob) and others of which I picked one. She was kind enough to ask me if I have time as it was going to take time. Then I was eating and wasn't happy with the dish and was thinking my money was not worth it but she came and enquired whether I liked it or not and she asked me to be frank! I told her no. She asked me why I didn't like it. Then she gave me the option of gyro. I refused but she insisted and gave me a gyro instead. She was kind and sweet.  She even gave me bachlava sweet free. I am in love with the reception and the lady behind the counter. Would urge people to go there and taste their lovely dishes and hospitality!  

                Came here on a Monday afternoon and there was only one other person in the restaurant. I'm not familiar with the food at all so I asked the owner what was popular and decided on the chicken kabob. It took them 20 mins to prep and serve it and they didn't even bother bringing me utensils or water when they brought the plate over. The plate was filled with rice and 5 pieces of chicken (size of a baby's fist). The chicken was pretty juicy and had a nice flavor, but since I was on a time crunch I couldn't enjoy my meal to the fullest. I won't be in the area anymore, so I most likely won't come back or go out of my way to eat here.  

                This is my all time favorite spot right now.  I just got the beef gyro with French fries.  Real French fries, steak fries are more like it.  Lightly golden and crispy on the outside with a soft potato innards.    The gyro is hella proper with a nice soft pita bun, great home sauce, and fresh veggies.  You have the choice of chicken and beef, I always opt for the beef.  Get napkins because it's super messy.  

                I never really venture out to this area, but here I found myself one day so I decided to give this place a shot. I was surprised, at first I came in and it was super empty, but it's a pretty big space. I went to order, and the cashier recommended the Gyro. It was actually very appetizing and delicious. I didn't think it would fill me up either, but it did. They packed the gyro with a ton of beef, and it amazing.   Don't forget to check-in for a $1 off your order!  

                I've downgraded my original review from 5 stars to 4, and it might be headed down further. There are two issues. One is that they're having trouble keeping all the ingredients in stock (and that's because their menu is too broad and they're trying to do too much .... they should specialize in a smaller number of things and do them well). The other night they were out of rice (it would be like McDonald's saying their "out of fries" ... it just should never happen). But the bigger complaint is that the portions have become smaller. And I mean, a lot smaller. The portion sizes were one of the important reasons for my original 5-star review. The gyro combo plate used to be huge, and now it's not nearly enough food for a meal. I haven't given up on this place, but the last few times I've been unimpressed (unlike my first few visits).  

                In the area with an empty stomach so I pulled up my bookmarks and headed here.  It was 11AM the place had 5 customers and 3 employees. There are tons of tables for dining in. The menu is on the wall. It includes platters, gyros, shawarmas, burgers and pizza. There are beverage coolers behind the counter and baklava in a case on the counter.   I was greeted by 2 employees and placed my to-go order for 2 chicken shawarma wraps. The employees were nice.   The cook got to work in the kitchen. I could see him warming the wraps and grilling the chicken. The food was bagged and ready in 10 minutes.  I checked in on the yelp app and used the $1. off offer. The total was $14.20 with tax. Each shawarma was $6.99.  Hubs and I agreed that the wraps weren't good, just decent. The chicken was tender but had no flavor it needed seasoning badly. It also had lettuce, cucumber, carrots? and one other ingredient that I couldn't figure out. I was disappointed that they use tortillas instead of the lavash/pita wraps.   Overall it was on a positive note filling, but bland and had me wishing I went somewhere else.  

                This place is solid. Gyro's and schwarma are good/solid 3 stars and the price is right.  

                This was my first time coming to this place today and was really good! The girl that works here was really friendly and helpful considering I don't know anything about Mediterranean food.  I ordered the beef gyro meal (which is very popular), and it was so good!! It was bursting with flavors and the yogurt went well with it. I've never had yogurt in my food but overall it was delicious! I will be returning.  

                I expected so much from all the great reviews from fellow Yelpers.   I came in during lunch and ordered one platter with hummus on the side. I was starving and figured it would be a quick meal to prepare being that I only had a single order with a just a party of four ahead of me. I waited 40 minutes for my meal and even had to ask for it. My meal came out salty and the hummus was bland. Not to mention I never got my salad that came with my meal. Boo, for bad experiences.  

                Great portions, healthy food, and friendly staff. I recommend the Gyros. Definitely going to be a regular.  

                Swawarma beef sandwich. Huge @ $6.99. Make sure you tell them steak if you want it off the rotating pole. Beef is ground, 1st time I had it like this but at the same time nice surprise....delicious.  

                So anytime I can emulate Marvel, (in a good way), I do it. This means that ever since I saw Avengers I have wanted to try Shwarma ("I don't know what it is, but I want to try it."). Little did I know my mom was craving gyros and she found this place on yelp and we tried it for dinner.  The woman at the counter was very nice. I was surprised that the cans of Coke were so reasonable (let's face it, every time we see cans of Coke in a fridge, we know it's gonna be 2.00 or more). The lady chatted with us about some of the favorite things. We got the Shwarma, Gyro, Kabobs, little dumplings filled with meat (have no clue what they were called, except maybe DELICIOUS), falafal. When each of these arrived it was fresh and fragrant, lots of herbs, deftly seasoned.   The only thing wrong was we ordered the meat potato cakes (again, there is no menu for me to look at so I don't remember the names) and she warned us it would take a while because it was so busy. No worries. She forgot these and we were full anyway and so we got a refund. Then to smooth things over (it really wasn't a big deal) she brought over some of the best balaclava I have ever had the pleasure of putting into my mouth.  Next time I will forgo the Shwarma, (because I am more of a gyro girl), and get the kabobs. Seriously, magical- Aladdin wouldn't have needed the Genie if he could have made Jasmine these kabobs!  

                Awesome cashier. Super spacious. Shawarmas delicious. I couldn't keep the meat in the sandwich was packed with plenty! It's my new go to place for a gyro. I'll have to come back for the afghan food selection. Baklava is only a dollar for the yummy dessert too so it's a great pairing after whatever entree you desire.  

                Food was ok..my mom had the double cheese burger and she said she liked it.  I noticed that they didn't put lettuce or tomatoes.  I got the chicken gyro and it was ok.  The sauce they used was more like yogurt.   Service was ok.  The lady is very serious but friendly I guess.  Came here because I was curious and wanted to try it, but I don't think I'll be back.  

                BOMB Food. Tastes so authentic! I'm new to the Bay Area, usually I go to Daphne's for Mediterranean food in SoCal but this place totally beats it. It looks like a hole in the wall place when you drive by but inside is pretty big and they have a lot of customers. I got the Gyro platter and it comes with a side of rice, salad, and pita bread with the white sauce. There is so much flavor in the meat and they have even more food to choose from. I definitely will be coming back. Service is excellent too!   FYI there is parking in the back.  

                We normally dine next door but thought we'd try this spot for a different lunchtime experience.   Having never eaten here before we had to stop to read the menu posted on the wall at the obvious impatient displease of the bored cashier waiting to take our order. Ever heard of service with a smile? I'm positive this order taker has not!  When I asked if the gyro was lamb or beef, you would've thought I'd asked her to disrobe. It got worse - when Mr. S dug deep into his pocket to give her exact change, she literally rolled her eyes because she had to wait. I don't know why she was in a hurry since there wasn't any other folks waiting to order!  The food was decent, not fantastic but might even have earned 3 stars if it wasn't for Ms. Snarky.   Even the $1 off any sandwich Yelp check-in special isn't enough for me to return. Next time it's Red Chili for sure!  

                3.5 stars  I ordered the falafel plate which consists of 4 falafels, slices of pita bread & hummus & a salad. The falafel was too dry and was lacking in flavor. For just under $6 it's a good deal but I would not order it again.  I also tried the shawerma which I found to be delicious! The meat was yummy and spiced perfectly and comes with fries & a drink for around $8. Good deal!  Overall I'd recommend this place.  

                The boy and I were in the area, and we decided to finally try California Gyro & Pizza. We've seen it so many times, but we always end up going to Red Chili instead. I'm so glad we tried it though! We ordered the hummus&falafel appetizer and a beef shwarma sandwich [got $1 off because we checked in on Yelp], and went to play some pool [which I suck at] while waiting. The food came out relatively fast [we didn't even get halfway through our game], and was soooo good. The boy said it was the best falafel he's had in foreverrrr, and the hummus was good. The shwarma sandwich was amaaaaazing. So flavorful and filling. We thought we'd ordered a meal, so the owner went to check for us, and it turned out we didn't, but he still asked if we wanted him to make us fries [which we didn't, but it was really nice of him].  Super happy with the food and service. Can't wait to go back!  

                Love stopping here to pick up some gyros! The BF always gets the beef with pretty much nothing else aside from the sauce they put on their gyros. To each their own! I love the chicken one myself (with no tomato). The prices are decent, food is delicious, portions are great, you'll leave full! Super easy take out, I recommend calling ahead if you're trying to pick up quickly cause they do prepare everything fresh and therefore take about 10 mins to make everything. I generally just order and walk down to the liquor store in the neighboring lot to pick up something to drink, by the time I'm back it's usually ready to go!  

                First time and I'm sold on this place.  Ordered the chicken wrap and damn was it good. Very good size. Super juicy and moist inside. Just needed a tad bit of salt. Quick fix. Fries were straight up good, no problems there. Good quality place. Everyone in the restaurant was super friendly. That helps! I"m coming back!!  

                I visited this place Friday night one hour before they close. It was kind of late and I didn't want to stuffed myself so I decided to go with the beef gyro that comes with a drink and fries. They took out $1 off from the $7.65 meal for checking in! I really liked the gyro the beef was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The girl in the register seemed clueless and gave me an attitude while ordering my food, but the guy with the mustache saved the service! I would definitely come back to this place when I am in the area again. I would love to try other things from their menu.  

                UPDATE... New ownership Better staff and better food. Avoid large groups everyone will eat at different times sometimes 10, 15, 20 minutes later than everyone else.  TIP Do not go on a hot day, they don't believe in air conditioning. If you don't believe me, I dare you to sit inside and eat. Feels like the oven itself.  Would be great if you had more fresher food choices, and less frozen (gyros, beef). Burger deal is worth the price. I hope it is fresh ground beef, and not pre-made patties. I am afraid to ask.  Last two times of burgers were disgusting could not eat them they were not fresh must be the frozen type of patties. Stick to the kabobs, but be prepared to wait. Order ahead  

                Today was my first day visiting them and I felt that the food tasted great, had great flavor and was hot, only problem was there wasn't enough sauce on my gyro so it became very dry after a few bites. The cashier wasn't over the top nice but decent so I can't complain. Overall I think I'll try it again and maybe ask for more sauce!  

                The food was ok nothing special. They say their platters come with rice, salad and pita bread. I ordered my food to go and when I got home there was no pita bread, a tiny salad and barely any meat. I didn't pay $13 to get a bunch of rice. I think I'll try the Oasis grill near my house instead.  

