                So, Just tried Chaman Kabob last night for the first time, and I have to say I was impressed!  the employees are super nice, the lady greeted us with a warm smile, and the food was cooked perfectly. the only thing i thought could have been better is the bread like thing that for some reason its name escapes me right now. the other kabob place I frequent is Chopan in Concord and there the bread piece is like a super thick and crispy tortilla, but now I'm just nit picking.  I will probably eat there again this week!  

                Just had a great lunch here.   I had the chicken wrap which was delicious!   Hubby had some other kind of wrap.   Parker didn't care for the kid kabob, but he loved the naan bread.   The wraps are huge!  You really don't need apps or side dishes, but the rice was very good.  We will totally be back.  

                My husband and I stumbled onto Chaman Kabob we were actually going next door to the Pho place but they were closed. Really glad we got to stop here and try this restaurant. Awesome service. Reasonable prices.   We started off with the Humus with housemade flatbread ($6.99). Really good and fresh. The flatbread was so good.   I had the lamb kabobs with pallow rice ($14.99). Served with salad and housemade bread. The lamb was seasoned perfectly and tender. Highly recommend this dish. My husband had the Shami Kabob ($9.99)  which was seasoned ground beef molded to the skewers also served with challow rice, salad, and housemade bread. Another winner!  I was really full but since it was our first time there we were offered rice pudding on the house to share. My husband is not a fan of rice pudding so I asked if we could have baklava instead and was she gave us a piece to share (all we needed!).   When in the area, go in and check it out! They do takeout too.  I am sure we will be back!  

                One our favorite places to go eat. I like the tekka wrap the best. Great hummus too. Very nice service  

                I find it baffling that this restaurant took time out to comment on my review actually I've been to plenty of restaurants here in Atlanta with chicken kabobs 100 times better for half the price instead of making a comment about dollar menus invest in better decor in your hole in the wall OVER PRICED restaurant. Your terrible decor and pathetic attitudes is not a good look for a kiddy mean chicken kebab for 20 bucks! Im sure with this attitude your business will not stay open for long. The DOLLAR MENU at Micky ds is more satisfying THANKS FOR THE TIP !  

                Yum! Love introducing new food from all over the world to my kids and they loved every last drop! Expect a little wait for the food as its cooked to order. Recommend getting an appetizer to curb that appetite  

                I love this place. The food is absolutely delicious. I eat here all the time and have never been disappointed.  

                I don't often write reviews because I am seldom inspired to do so. Today is different. I had a great experience at an Afghan restaurant on the Peninsula a few years ago and had been looking for an opportunity to try it again.  Today was the day. Mezhgan is one of the siblings in a family that decided to open this restaurant a few years ago.  She warmly greeted me and walked me through the menu while giving me a little background on the restaurant, her family and her family's passion for Afghan cuisine.  I opted for what I thought would be a simple chicken wrap, sort of an Afghan version of Shwarma.  I was wrong.  She recommended the Chicken Chaple wrap and I dove in.  The best way I can describe it is like a chicken version of gyro meat.  The chicken breast is ground and then infused with a unique combination of Afghan herbs and spices and then cooked. That creation is then placed in a super fresh and yummy flatbread that reminds me of Indian naan.  At my request it was made a little spicy and it tasted fantastic.  I drank an Afghan black tea (hot) and the beverage complimented the food in a nice way.  Although I didn't get to sample much of the menu, I did get to see other patrons trying different things that all looked interesting and delicious.  I will definitely be back with my wife to try one of the kabob entrees and the Afghan ice cream dessert.  

                Came here for dinner after reading great reviews.  The venue is nothing special. Staff is polite and helpful.  We ordered the Lebanese white wine. It was light and delicious.  We shared a couple dishes. The chicken korma, chicken kabob and the Boorani Bonjan. The chicken korma was lacking flavor. This dish could use more spices but was okay. The chicken kabobs were outstanding. The rice was nothing special. The Boorani Bonjan (eggplant) was flavorful.   I'd come back for a decently healthy lunch. More like a 3.5  

                Chicken kabob is well cooked , chicken Korma with rice  also tastes good. Restaurant is clean and prepare fresh food on order.  

                The food here is decent, I have had better but the location is very convenient and the owners and staff are hospitable.  My meal of choice is the Chicken and Chaplee combination Kabob which comes with Rice, Salad and Bread (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chaman-kabob-restaurant-brentwood-2?select=d77OPofGGwksu0gUroYm3w#k179Bzh2eRQyNNmLzqEswA">yelp.com/biz_photos/cham…</a>) - $11.99. Where my Husband prefers the Lamp (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chaman-kabob-restaurant-brentwood-2?select=d77OPofGGwksu0gUroYm3w#ORf-F2q97XVUtEouu4sXBw">yelp.com/biz_photos/cham…</a>) - $14.99. The meats are nicely seasoned although slightly overcooked, Salad and bread are fresh and they keep a Cilantro dipping sauce on the table.  Service is attentive and I love that it is located in the same plaza as Trader Joe's. Specials are located on the board next to the counter for take our orders. Prices are also very reasonable too.  * Voted Best of Brentwood in 2012.  

                My husband and I had lunch here. We ordered the following:  Appetizer: Mantu $7.99 I wouldn't recommend getting this. The menu describes it as "Steamed dumpling wrappers filled with ground beef, spices, onions topped with peas, carrots, ground beef sauce and garlic yogurt.".  However, I am sure there wasn't any ground beef inside any of the dumplings. It was all onions inside. The topping sauce, though, did have veryyyy few ground beef. I barely tasted it. It could use more yogurt also.  Main Course: Kabob Combination Plate $11.99 My husband got chicken and chaple kabobs. There were 3 pieces of each type of meat (total). The chicken and the chaple were seasoned very well and tasted great, and were tender.  Main Course: Chicken Korma $8.99 The sauce is very rich. I liked this dish, it was savory and delicious. The chicken was also very tender.  Both main plates come with rice, salad, and bread. We didn't really care for the bread, it was tough and tasteless. Also, the salad was watery.  We also asked for yogurt and chili sauce. When we got the bill, we were surprised that they charged us for those. Each was only $0.50. But, still, one would assume such plain side sauces would come for free!  Service was also okay. There was only one waitress, but she was very attentive. It just took a little long for our orders to come out, we waited about 20 minutes. I'll try the bolani appetizer next time We come back.  

                My family and I eat here all the time.  We've never had a bad meal.  LOVE this place!!!  

                I  absolutely love afghan food and Chaman did not disappoint.  So glad I found this place.  

                I was having lunch with my dad and I'm pretty sure he wanted to impress me by introducing a restaurant he normally wouldn't suggest. To be honest, I was pretty surprised that this was in Brentwood.  I honestly don't have much experience with this type of cuisine but I thought the food was pretty good.   My dad had lamb kabob and I got the combo with chaple and chicken. I thought the chicken was a little salty, the chaple was okay, and the lamb was yummy. The little salad on the place was whatever but the rice goes great with everything. The plates are also served with bread which is good with their house chutney.   Pretty good, I'd go back to try more stuff.  

                We started with delicious rich lentil soup topped with yogurt? Not sure, but it was delish.  Hubby and I both had different types of kabobs served with large helpings of tender and fluffy rice.  Small salad on the side.  Everything I believe was cooked to order so it took awhile but worth the wait.  My only small complaint was the bread served with it was almost ice cold.  Other than that, everything was perfectly seasoned.  Will def be back!  

                Engaging owners, excellent flavors. Combo appetizer is so good, I could eat plates of that alone.  The beer options are sweet too. It's not cheap, otherwise I would eat there every weekend.  

                I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! Food is delicious and the owners are so friendly. I always get the teka kabob, while my hubs gets the chicken. We always clean our plates and empty the container of yummy chutney. Great, now I'm hungry...  

                This was a delightful find.  I had the Lamb Kabob, and really enjoyed it.  I rarely find lamb on menus, so though it cost a little more, got it , and was very pleased with serving size, flavor, and spices.  Also love the rice that came with it.  Will definitely be going back.  

                The kabobs and chicken wraps are amazing! Great food and great service. Definitely coming back! :)  

                So tried this place for the first time and I must say they didn't disappoint. I haven't been very adventurous when it comes to food so I figure I would start with something simple.  I had the beef wrap and it was great. All ingredients were fresh but I think the show stopper was the bfresh mad bread.  I will definitely be back to try more of there menu.  

                EXCELLANT food! My family loves to come here including my kiddos. It's a nice change from standard American eateries. I feel like I'm in Asia:-)  

                This place is amazing! The owners are great, very nice people they treat  you like family. Found this place on accident and I am glad I did. The food is great the people are great! What more can you ask for in a restaurant? Thank you for making us feel like family when we come. :)  

                Fantastic food with amazing service! It was our first time since moving to the area and coming from the southwestern MI region we were not sure. It's been hard to find good Middle Eastern food out west. This was great and exceeded our expectations. We were provided with many samples being our first time here and asking questions. You must have the lamb kabob and get some Jahaman sauce if you like spicy! It's fresh made and perfect. Also the garlic sauce is so good my 3 years old was eating it off of the spoon. Rice pudding was great too and I am usually not into that at all. Do yourself a favor and get here ASAP!  Oops almost forgot to mention the Beer list. It's amazing. I am a home-brewer and beer guy. This place has beers I've never heard of from far away places like Lebanon, Czech, Slovak and Afghanistan!  

                I am NOT a big kabob person at all, but this place was AMAZING!!! Great food, great service, couldn't have had a better experience.  

                Chaman Kabob is a great Afghan restaurant located here in Brentwood/Antioch. I'm pretty sure they know us as regulars. My boyfriend and I come here every 1-2 months - and we don't regret it! The restaurant is family owned and the owners are the friendliest people. We are usually seated and served by the wife. She is such a doll! We usually order the Combination Platter as an appetizer and it's delicious. It comes with a few different spreads - a hummus one, an eggplant one, and one other we don't know. For entrées, I order the Tekka Kabob. It's a Tri-tip meat that is wonderfully juicy and cooked to perfection. It also comes with Rice, bread, and a small salad. Overall, Chaman Kabob is a great addition to the area and the owners are wonderful people. Looking forward to our next time - as always!  

                Amazing food! I had the tri tip kabob, which was fantastic; meaty, juicy, charred to perfection. The chutney splashed on top with a heap of rice was magnificent. My wife had the chicken Kebob, which was also delicious; I had a bite of the lamb and some of the Beef Korma as well, and everything was spectacular. Though I did not try it, the tea was highly recommended by my fellow diners.  Only mild complaint was that I ran out of food! Just wanted to keep cramming the meaty goodness into my mouth.  

                Excellent!  The chicken korma is very good, not too thick and heavy like others I have had.  The bread is fantastic as well...all this with great prices so you feel you can go more often.  Love this place!  

                The best kababs I ever had. They were tender and juicy with lots of flavors.. Goes really well with this yogurt drink.  

                First visit. Although tasty. The sauces flavorful. I ordered my dinner to go. One hummus appetizer and a lamb wrap. My appetizer was $6.99 for a 2oz condiment container and one half round of naan cut into squares. Can't even find politically correct words to tell you how disappointed I am. My lettuce wrap was supposed to a lamb wrap for $12.99 . I think 2oz measurements is a house rule because that is about how much lamb was in what had the potential to be a good wrap. I gave three stars because it taste good. For a little over $21.00 I got great tasting bread. Will I go back? Maybe, but I would dine inside and maybe order an entrée.   ..  

                I'm sorry to post that Chaman Kabob's delicious food is no longer delivered by Hunger Taxi.  I hope they will find a new delivery service soon or resolve their differences with HT.  

                I had the chaple kabob. The seasonings are very nice. This plate includes challow rice, salad and bread. The chaple kabob is made with two ground beef patties with spices throughout. For me this is spicy without being too hot. At one point while eating the chaple kabob, I bit into something hard and pebble-like. I took it out of my mouth and put it in a napkin. It was black and looked like a bit of hard plastic. I mentioned it to my waiter and he returned with the the cook. The cook took the piece and politelty said that he was sorry and that he didn't know what it was. I am currently at the restaurant while writing this.   I am waiting for my wife to finish her chicken korma and to get our check. The restaurant took 30% off our bill for the mishap of the unidentifiable pebble-like substance in my chaple kabob. This was fair. I'm just glad that I hadn't bit down hard or I would've had to have some dental work. By the way, the green chutney is a perfect blend to each bite. Also, the music played on the sound system is traditional and lively. This really adds to atmosphere and experience. I would definitely return to this restaurant. Excellent flavors and friendly service.  

                Very kind service,clean, and the food is <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fdelicious.my&s=bd4e5f800cb32be3d699ff2784e8bdacf4a0d249487604d78000e5272f6d8006" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">delicious.my</a> second time here and I will be back as much as I can.  

                I've eaten at Chaman 4 times in the last 2 years. I live in LA and have family in the area, so I try to get it every time I'm up here. Why? Because it is DELICIOUS - and it has been every single time I've gone.  The spicy chaple wrap is amazing. Seriously, one of the best Middle Eastern style kabob / shawarma ground meat mixes ever. The seasoning and sauce are to die for. I am practically salivating just thinking about this thing.  They told me they actually had to up their portions shortly after opening because of complaints from customers (aka the large-and-in-charge Antioch / Oakley crowd) that the food wasn't enough for the money. The result is that the wraps are gigantic. I can't eat a whole one without feeling like a major fatty, and I'm a big guy. I don't have a problem paying for it, but I do feel a bit wasteful throwing the rest away. Of course, you could always split one.  It's a shame they don't offer goat meat, which as far as I am aware is a major staple in Afghan cooking, and I'd love to try it with their spices and seasonings. Granted, I doubt there's much of an audience for goat in this market.  Either way, if you've never really ventured into halal cuisine, Chaman is a very friendly and delicious introduction. Everyone there is super nice, to boot. Definitely go for the chaple if you're into spicy food!  

                First time having afghan ice cream! Soo goo! The entree was very good as well but the ice cream is a must must have.  One of the best places in brentwood/Antioch area. No joke. Go here- highly recommend it.  

                Excellent food. Kabobs are all very good although the chicken is a bit dry. The eggplant appetizer is excellent! Definitely a hidden gem in Brentwood. Based on other reviews it looks like I need to try the ice cream!  

                This is our new favorite place for a delicious meal and the service is quick and attentive. The spices are rich but not overwhelming and the food is always fresh. Such a great addition to East Contra. The prices are also moderate so can be enjoyed more frequently.  

                Tried Afghan food for the first time here and it completely changed my point of view on this type of food. Everything was great and the place was so clean. I was really impressed.  

                Great food and service..healthy. The lentil soup, and the lamb are great. Shahmi kabob is good. Try the yogurt drink and the MahiMahi...excellent.  

                I ordered to go over the phone. Friendly and welcoming customer service on phone and at time of pick up. The food was Amazing!! I ordered a combo kabob plate and the meat was well marinated, cooked and TENDER! So flavorful! The rice was simple but so fluffy, light and it had an extra flavor in it that made the most simplest rice even better. Besides the meat being flavorful, the sauce that it came with was superb! It was like a cilantro vinaigrette that you can simple eat with almost anything! I almost want to just buy the sauce too for things I can make at home. I will definitely be back!  

