                Amazing food. Really solid comfort food, with a touch of elegance. An enthusiastic 5 stars.  I love the vibe in this restaurant- it's approachable, people are kind and it's the type of place you can pop in for a glass of wine. It's affordable without sacrificing quality.   The to-go options are so nice. I'm a working mother and so when I need to pop in and grab a wholesome healthy meal, this is the place to go. When I want to feed my family I buy one of their AMAZING frozen chicken pot pies to take home. OMG this is so good. you can tell a lot of love went into making this. My fam loves it, and could probably eat it 2-3x a week.  

                I wanted to try a sit-down meal at Communite Table after having some of their to-go items at a friend's house. She'd been able to get lots of vegan, soy free and yeast free items; which works well with my annoying cocktail of allergies and dietary restrictions. The lentil soup was my favorite, and super exciting because my allergy restricts me from any soups that use packaged stock. Communite table makes theirs from scratch.   Today I visited with friends. I was so looking forward to that warm soup. Though they had the lentil soup for sale, it was frozen and to-go only. There was nothing on the menu that was vegan at all; the soup of the day being broccoli cheddar. I'm often allergic to dressings, and a salad without dressing and cheese is just a plate of Kale, so even the salad wasn't really an option for me. So, I asked if I could have some of the salads from the deli section that WERE vegan, and at first the waitress said she didn't think so. They did ultimately say yes after a back-and forth with the kitchen and the waitress, but it took awhile and was stressful. She made it very clear that they were going out of their way, and they can't make accommodations for everyone, and that it was a huge deal to accommodate me at all. It seemed a little harsh, and I bet they get asked a lot by diners for the salads in the to-go area. I'm not quite sure why they would have food out that people can see, but are not allowed to order for eat-in. I am also not sure why so many of the to-go items are vegan, but none on the eat-in menu were.   Anyway, I don't want to have that kind of interaction again, and I don't want to take the risk of there being nothing vegan on the menu again, and having to essentially beg for something else. So, I won't be returning unless it's for the to-go stuff.  

                Communitie Table is what a pic shows: 2 commual tables and a few tables for 1's or 2's. eatery closes at 7, 8 on <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fweekends.biz&s=40841a3ba4bc7b8b18d9305650f1ab7b077837e69a1871a15badbb3fa87bde55" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">weekends.biz</a> is geared for take outs.  menu: sammie on baquettes, salads, soups, lunch special. salads in deli case. beer on draught: linden street.  eats: pulled pork tamale pie(9,5) -w/polenta, cheddar cheese, sqyash? , and side of salad (fab!) -slice bread interesting, semi-moist. -corn meal smooth like salvadorean. -pulled pork tender. everything fresh but not wowed. -a few desserts available: cookies, pastries... 3.5 stars  take outs: -menu listed on what's available to go. -small parking lot. -comfort food is the theme, small menu, no burgers/banh mi. salads, pot pies, mac cheese, etc.... -great place to grab some eats instead of cooking....  

                I chose this restaurant to go out on Saint Valentine's Day and I didn't regret. My gf, her son and I had really delicious lunch and people there were nice and friendly.  

                Second time for lunch, time to write a review. Coffee, amazing. Service, awesome. Kale salad, dreamy. Sweet potato soup, delish. Mac n cheese, a big hit with my picky five year old! The chili with corn bread looked great too, that was the special today. Love this place, love the server , Katie, (whom I think may also be the co-owner?) and will definitely be my new go-to spot. Also is bright  with big windows, an airy open feel to it, and parking!! A score for the Laurel.  

                I haven't had the pleasure of dining in-house yet, so this review is for their catering, which was off the hook good.  I always struggle with the "too much/too little " issue when planning parties (we won't talk about the no-show problem).  Michele was a great help with this. She suggested that I pear down the choices I originally made, and I'm glad she did. everything was perfectly balanced, with a good mix of vegetarian and protein options. it was all delicious, and everyone raved about the food. This is what we had:  Tiny slider-like sandwiches, with Pear and Brie and Ham and Gruyere  Savory Cheese puffs (I have no idea how she made something so flavorful and at the same time light as air) Turkey Meat balls with dipping sauce (amazing!) Mushroom Tartlets (the crust was what looked like 20 layers of delicate phyllo, perfectly crunchy on top).   The pricing was incredibly reasonable for such high-quality, well-crafted food. Communite Table is now my go-to place for party food, and I look forward to enjoying the take-out and in-house dining as well!  

                We had lunch at Communite Table today. .when we walked in there was a deli case full of fresh salads and artichokes.  Everything was clean and nicely displayed but not a tremendous amount of options.  We took seats in a bright yet sparse seating area.  The place could use something on the walls.  The menu was also sparse.  1 soup, 3 sandwiches and a salad or two. They had a soup and 1/2 sandwich option and a salad and soup option but no 1/2 sandwich and salad option, nor would they allow the substitute.  I hear another table ask for a different salad dressing option and even though they have the dressing on another salad they couldn't do the substitute.  I had a 1/2 ham and cheese sandwich and a carrot parsnip soup.  Both were excellent and used fresh ingredients.  My husband had the whole ham and cheese sandwich which came with a small side salad.  It was beyond my why they couldn't just double the size of the salad and serve 1/2 a sandwich.  All in all the food and was fine and I would come back anytime I wanted a ham and cheese sandwich but I think this place could use a little more to choose from and a little flexibility.   From what I understand they are a kind of take out catering type place but with a little tweaking they could be a really great lunch spot.  As for dinner Id prefer a tad more ambiance and charm  

                Hooray! New tasty food in the Laurel! Delicious food, clean space, and a courteous staff team. I'm so glad this place popped up in our neighborhood, it will be my new go to place! Menu changes weekly and is updated online. Deli case items change daily so you have to call in for the info on what's in. They also serve a selection of beer and wine.   We had the soup of the day, carrot and parsnip- it tasted fresh, healthy, comforting and delicious. The kale salad was also perfect-my partner said he wouldn't want any when I ordered, but ate more than half. The vegetable gratin and beef stew were our mains and both were superb. They offered bread with our soup, brought both French and cornbread and they were both perfect.  We had bread pudding for desert- a nice firm consistency and real home made whip cream. Yum.   Rumor has it Saturday's lunch special is jambalaya- I'll definitely be back for that. Also you can call in to order anything from the dinner menu to go- with just 20-30 minutes advanced notice.   Please try this little start up to support new local business in the Laurel.  

                This is a gem in the making. The food is outstanding as is the friendliness of the proprietor and her staff. Modestly priced for hearty, high end comfort food, this place should appeal to many Laurel residents. I'm thrilled there's a really nice dining option in my neighborhood.   Considering it only opened 7 days ago, I'm sure they have plans to warm up the currently very Spartan interior.   Wine and beer selections are very nice, but at $7.50 for what looked to be a 4-oz pour, wines by the glass were a little expensive compared to the rest of the meal. I'm sure they'll work it out.   I certainly wish them well and look forward to returning soon.  

                Do you know that scene in Caddy Shack where Ted Knight lovingly caresses his putter and coos "Oh Billy Baroo, Oh Billy, Billy, Billy." I am now doing that same thing with the empty pie tin that until minutes ago contained chicken pot pie from this wonderful restaurant. SOOO GOOD!!! Wow, and this place is in my neighborhood.   Watch out people. The Laurel is for real.  

                A really great and welcome addition to the neighborhood! I enjoyed Communite table's pop-ups at Cafe 3016 and was anxious to visit the brick & mortar. The food is really great and I appreciate the rotating menu of what is in season. That said, the selections are limited so you may want to check online before going. I have a picky 2 year old who wasn't excited by any options. The vegetarian option (a stuffed butternut squash) was wonderful but the serving size was small. I was still hungry after eating-- it could have used a side or just a larger serving. My mom's dish was with pork and much more substantial. We also both had the wine on tap and although the wine was very nice I was disappointed by the small pour. Somehow with the term "wine on tap" I was expecting a slightly more generous pour. Next time I'll stick to beer.  

                Fresh ingredients, delicious food, great service, and warm atmosphere in the Laurel District!  

                Our neighbor told us that it had opened. So, we gave it a shot. Super clean and friendly. Delicious food. We loved the Soup that started the meal. YUM!  

                Our first time but we certainly will be back. We had two entrees, the Pulled Pork Sliders and the Mediterranean chicken. Both cooked perfectly and incredibly flavorful.  

                What a lovely little place. Had a get together with an out of town friend. They were understaffed due to folks calling in sick, yet the service and the food was exceptional. Tried the kale salad and the pot roast. Everything was great. Highly recommend this new neighborhood diner.  

                We went to the pop up a few months ago, food was great! Looking forward to coming and eating in house. Gonna try the chicken pot pie and mac-n-cheese. Nice a to have a really good restaurant close to home :)  

                Delicious!  We picked up takeout tonight and were so impressed with our meal.  Our favorites were the grilled italian sausages over lentils, the kale salad with toasted almonds and feta, and the beet salad.  The service was great and the food was all fresh and delicious.  We finished our meal with bread pudding and it was so moist and flavorful- the perfect comfort food.  I am so happy to have Communite table nearby!  

                Excellent customer service. The food is incredibly fresh & delicious. Great for all types of eaters; their dessert is awesome as well :)  

                Semi-new kid on the block. I went specifically to try the place out for lunch and was completely happy with the service. The eating area has the big wood block style tables that I like. It was open and airy without feeling like they didn't do enough.  The waitress was fantastic and knowledgeable about their product which is a breath of fresh air. Biggest annoyance is staff not knowing the product they sell. I had the Black Forest Ham Sandwich which was really good. The even amount of mustard and ham couldn't have been more spot on. The bread was perfect with my Minestrone Soup. The soup was piping hot and had great flavor. They have wine and beer on tap.. yes I said tap! The knowledgable waitress described the beers like she just had a sip of one before her shift and her description of they IPA was spot on.. again refreshing! OK! So here's my one complaint.. I'm what you'd call a deviled eggs addict and I mean that in every sense of the work addict! There's no limit for me on how many I can eat. I tried two of their deviled eggs from the display case and I was a little disappointed. They had been sitting there for a while due to the dark yellow color and a bit on the crusty side. Don't worry I would have over looked that part because when I took a bite it seemed a little bland. It tasted like it didn't have any kick, spice, love, blood, sweat, or tears. Honestly I will be back because it's a new place, the staff is great, the food was good too. I WILL try the deviled eggs again.. I know it will be better.  

                Just tried the food on their soft opening, got a baguette sandwich, eggplant soup and pork stew (heated at home) ...Wow! Best food in the Laurel by a long shot.  Everything else there looked great as well.  Can't wait for table service next week.  Hope everyone from the Laurel gets over here and shows support....we've got our own micro mini gourmet ghetto on this end of MacArthur with Fists of Flour, Peters Kettle Corn and now Communite!  

                Excellent family friendly food. I had a beer with a tasty Black Forest ham sandwich. My wife had the tuna salad sandwich with a fresh squeezed lemonade, and my daughter had the Mac and cheese with garden salad. Everything was extremely fresh and homemade. Beer on tap great food friendly service. I'm sold. Definitely coming back.  

                Great food and service!    I'm so happy to have a healthy dining option in the Laurel District.  

                Went today for lunch and it was very delicious and filling.  Great wine and beer list on tap and really nice service.  Menu is small still, but probably will grow with more business.  Very nice redo of the space -- open, airy, and clean.  Good, friendly service.  Welcome to the neighborhood!!  

                They have delicious sandwiches and salads although, I'm sure everything is good there.  Can't wait to try more menu items!  

                Lucky Laurel! Michele has opened her cafe restaurant and we can have Communite's delicious, home style and flavorful cooking whether you take out or done in. Wine and beer are served. Super fresh  flavors and locally sourced produce in the hands of a talented chef with heart means YOU win big. I got a delish pork stew, sauteed Brussel sprouts with Parmesan, 2 frozen pot chix pies and a heavenly bread pudding that the daughter and I clashed forks over (seriously). So glad Communite is open! Now you know what's for dinner!  

                Kale salad is triple-A great!  And they have parking!  And they're really friendly!  

                We were first introduced to Michelle's delicious meals when she held monthly pop up restaurants. We were so impressed that we hired her to cater several different gatherings at our home, including a post wedding brunch. And so we are thrilled now that there's a permanent home for Michelle and her friendly team to prepare and serve healthy, delicious options. We highly recommend everything we've ever tried which is quite a bit at this point. Enjoy!!  

                Loved it.  Stopped in for take out for dinner.  Had Mac-n-cheese and shepherds pie.  Tasted like mom made it and reasonably priced.  Will be back to try some of their frozen take away meals.  So happy to have this place in the neighborhood.  

                FYI: RETAIL LOCATION IS OPENING IN THE LAUREL DISTRICT  Per owner Michele LePron's Facebook announcement: Communitē Table has found its home! 4171 MacArthur Blvd., near High Street take away - eat in - wine & beer - catering mid fall 2014 - exact date TBD  Stay tuned to her Facebook page for more details: <a href="/redir?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fcommunitetable&s=bfb4da5507d6fd1ce5a381d573bc476c7c42ef629e1e884ae663fd2ae725fb3e" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">facebook.com/communiteta…</a>  or her website: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fcommunite-table.com%2F&s=97b74309fe1dfa28f4f3c687e65afd233db32274968fd3c97b420708e181d2e2" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">communite-table.com</a>  

                New Laurel District restaurant and deli.  Went to the soft opening last night.  Deviled eggs are fantastic.  Mac & cheese, cole slaw and potato salad were also delicious.  Chocolate bourbon cake was also great.  The ambiance is elegant and casual, a perfect balance for our growing commercial district.  

                So good! Great food, limited but well prepared menu, move place to done in and enjoy a glass of wine. I just hope they do a beef stew soon, then my satisfaction will be complete  

                Fantastic food that is a cut above.  Terrific service.   A great addition to the Oakland food scene!  

                In the past few months as I visit Cafe 3016 I have been seeing menu offerings from Communite Table, Chef Michele LeProhn's new venture.  The last time I visited I saw a flyer announcing that they would be hosting a Communite Table Pop-up.  I invited some friends, placed an order and last night picked up the food.  I must say that the place was popping.  It was nice to see the community out enjoying the night, each other's company and good food.  I ordered the Chicken Potpie, and my friends ordered the vegan lentil & cauliflower soup as well as the vegetarian Galette.  Each dish came with a side salad and was super delish.  The whole process was so easy, Michele answered my questions quickly and professionally before I ordered.  I am already trying to decide when I will host my next party with food from Communite Table.  

                New location is open! Creamy mac & cheese with crunchy top was just the thing for a rainy day lunch. Great selection of tasty cold salad options. And the frozen bake-at-home chicken pot pie is wonderful, flaky crust, creamy nicely flavored filling. Highly recommended!  

                Had the squash soup and the mushroom soup to go. Easy to order online! Warmed it up at home, absolutely delicious - great comfort food and nice for a cold day. The chicken pot pie is the next item I'm excited to try.  

                I found out about Communite Table through our neighborhood network group and, boy,  I'm glad I did!   I've ordered a number of the soups and chicken pot pie (several times).     Each  offering is well made and delicious - and Michele's pie crust is superb.   I'm planning to order a selection for Thanksgiving to bring to friends house - what could be easier?  (and I'm all about keeping things easy)  I just popped a pint of the White Bean Minestrone soup in my bag for lunch  - healthy, tasty - and again, easy.   Ordering is streamlined and Michele is professional and gracious.  All the dishes are so well made and each container is clearly marked for anyone with dietary restrictions.   Lots of options including vegetarian and vegan.   Michele's menu rotates with the seasons so keeps it interesting.   Be sure to check out Communite Table or stop by the next popup at Café 3016.  

