                Easy going fish and chips spot right off of El Camino in Menlo Park.  It is both a fish market and a restaurant.  The fish store is far enough that when you walk in to eat you are not over taken by the sea or fish smell.  They have a nice array for fried fish options from oysters, shrimp, cod, and halibut.  I also go for the two piece halibut and can find myself sharing because the pieces are quite big.  You get fries with your order and I'd get a small or larger if you love it, the house coleslaw.  It's on the sweet side with I believe pineapples in it but it's good when you eat it there.  Don't think I would have it anywhere else.  There is an easy accessible water fountain and beverages are sold by the can/bottle.  Prices are very fair for the quality of food you get.  If you happen to be a crispy person alike me, I always ask that my fish and chips be extra well done and crispy.  I find it less oily that way too.  Ok,  go off and enjoy yourself.  And the seating is causal with booths all around and long tables and chairs in the middle.  You can find seating with your group or you may end up sitting next to a stranger eating alone.  Clean place.  

                Had the crab sandwich. It was good. For $13, was hoping it could come with something more than just a small bag of chips. Tried my friends clam and chips, not bad.  Lunch for 4, with a couple of drinks totaled to $50ish. A little hefty, especially since I walked away still a little hungry.   Fresh fish available in the back for sale. Parking lot available. Takes card. Small place; order first before sitting down.  

                calamari and chips is good if ya want a stable place where everything is good there's no flaws but quite expensive every item has fries so don't bother in buying them separate  yea four stars  may come back  

                Was in town visiting and had the craving for seafood. So I decided to stop by and give it a try since I found good ratings on here. I was very impressed. I ordered the 4prawns and halibut.  It was fresh, hot, and came out of fast. I will be back before I leave.  Halibut was thick, moist, and fried perfectly.  

                For seafood and oysters would have to say average.  I had dozen oysters and combo shrimp and cod. Oysters were large but fresh although horse radish not available.  The shrimp and cod were fresh but batter was thick and bland.  It had the seafood at the pier feel for seating and atmosphere, but service was friendly.  

                Haha... this place was not what I was expecting.  I have passed by this place a bunch of times, so I finally stopped by to try it.  I was thinking it was like the Fish Market, it is the total opposite.  Nothing fancy about this place.  You order at the counter.  I ordered Shrimp and Fish Combo and fries with a side of potato salad.  Then you take a seat and they bring you your order.  About 5-10 min later my food was delivered.  The fish was actually decent, but the shrimp was way over cooked, yuck!  They give you a tiny 2oz cup of tarter sauce, and it can be hard to flag someone over to get more.  Basically food, service, and prices were just okay.  Parking was easy!!!  

                Our family has been going to this restaurant for 21 years!!!!! If you want to have a great fish and chips experience in the valley.....go here and order "Halibut and chips"......this is our family favorite hands-down. The "chips" are the actual fries that come with fried Halibut...awesome. The quality of the fish is excellent and the frying technique is perfect.....i have never experience oil dripping fish here......the halibut fried fish is nice and crisp on the outside and perfectly moist on the inside.  On a separate note, they also have a fish market for purchasing all sorts of seafood for cooking at home. This is an awesome market for all things seafood.....the staff are true fish mongers and know their fish. Service is excellent at the market....on request they will skin and de-bone your fish. The prices are not cheap but then "you pay for what you get"......high quality fish with high quality service!!!  

                To make up the spice fiasco, we went here for lunch.  Rave reviews for my dear Betty drew me in, it was just what I hoped...a throw back fast food fish spot!!  Order at the counter...delivered hot and quick to your table.  I had Shrimp and Cod...the fish was great, the shrimp was not (way over breaded, tiny shrimp).  Stick to the basics and you will be happy.  We wish we had one nearby!  

                Eating here was a bit of a mixed bag. Pros: The fried fish was absolutely amazing! Fresh, flaky halibut with crispy batter. The bowl of clam chowder was decent too. However, everything else we tried fell flat despite the good reviews online. The fries were thick cut but very greasy. The scallops were old, over-fried, and slathered in grease. I wish they used the same batter as the fish for the scallops, this would have helped immensely.     The decor and atmosphere remind me of an upscale dairy queen where they bring food to your table after you order at the counter. The decor is a bit cheesy and gaudy, but I do give them points for trying. Valentines day was approaching and they had added some fun decorations to their usual nautical theme. The restaurant does have a huge parking lot and the service was pretty quick. I don't think I'll be coming back any time soon but if I do return I will only order fried fish (with no chips or sides).  

                I came here on a recommendation from a friend.  It's no wonder this place has such great reviews and has been open for OVER 30 YEARS. The food. The decor and environment is bland and in need of color, but once you try their fish it just doesn't matter anymore.   We had their shrimp, cod, halibut, potato salad, cole slaw, and fries. All of it. GONE. I have never in my life had such tender and juicy and flavorful deep fried fish in my life. Filet-O-Fish from McDonalds is a poor, miserable, and depressed version of this fish. The batter is applied and fried to perfection. It's not too thick with just the right crispness and give. I am DROOLING on my keyboard thinking about it. The fish and shrimp could stand on their own, but why when there is AMAZING - like UH-MAY-ZIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING - Tarter sauce. It's just stupid. How do they do it!?!  I wish they were closer to home, but I am happy to make excuses to head to the peninsula for Cook's.  

                This is a great little spot for a seafood lunch. I usually get the grilled salmon sandwich and it's a great quantity for the price. You can tell the fish is fresh and very pink. I've also tried the clam chowder which is good, It's not the best but good.   I'd recommend trying it out if you're a fish fan.  

                I love me some fish n chips! But what seems like a simple dish, can be very badly done! Either the batter is too thick, or the fish wasn't all that good, it can be a hot and miss dish. I've had my share of both.  The first thing I'd have to say about cook's is that, I love that they have a fish market attached to the restaurant! Your seafood is not gonna get any fresher than that! For the fish n chips, I settled on a halibut fish. They have cod, but I love halibut! It's a great flaky white fish. The fish had a nice batter to it. Fried perfectly. Wasn't greasy, the batter was crisp and not thick. Had a nice layer to it. The halibut was thick. I very good size portion. When you bite in to it you get a lot if fish. The ratio from fish to batter was perfect. Add a squeeze of lemon and some malt vinegar, and it was even that much better! Mmmm!  There's other dishes I was able to try as well. The calamari was great. The halibut burger was great as well. Overall, it's a great seafood place. The minute you walk in the door, you know you're in a seafood joint.  

                Cioppino was ok, oysters on 1/2 shell was fresh and cold slaw was ok.     Fast service and great quality, fresh seafood.  

                Our favorite go to place for fish and chips. I prefer their halibut with coleslaw and my husband likes cod wit chips. I wish they would give wild caught fish options. Ambiance and customers service can be improved.  

                Best fish and chips in the world , hands down. The prawns are also very good.  Cafeteria like spot. Old school. Clean. Casual. Friendly. You order and take a number to your table of choice. Newspapers are left on top of the trash bins.  Get the COMBO PLATTER WITH AN EXTRA PIECE OF FISH (currently like $18.50 with tax), and drink water with it (trust me, their dispenser machine is awesome and you're going to need it). Ask for extra tartar sauce and dip everything in it. And for god's sake, don't do this if you're on a diet or whatever. And don't go here if you're cheap with your seafood. This place is all about the fried Alaskan halibut and prawns.  If you order ANYTHING other than the aforementioned items, you'll probably find it mediocre, at best - I've seen it happen time after time. But if you like big juicy cuts of fresh Alaskan halibut (ie the best halibut, and it's also a seafood market so you know it's fresh), fried in a beautiful dark golden crunchy double batter, along with thick-cut steak fries crisped to perfection, you should go to Cooks.  

                Executive Summary:  Excellent neighborhood fish and chips place.  Don't try to order anything exotic.  Think fish and chips.  My wife and I went to Menlo on a road trip to a world renowned spice shop that will remain nameless.  I can only say that Cook's erased the the disappointment from the spice shop experience.  I had cod and chips.  The fish was very good, flaky and cooked just right.  The amount of batter was right too.  Lightly seasoned, it complemented the fish without overpowering it.    My wife had shrimp and cod.  She advises avoiding the shrimp.  The fries were thick cut, frozen.  Real potatoes would have been a bonus, but I didn't expect them at this price level.  They were cooked properly--crisp and the right internal texture.  The obvious conclusion from both the fish and the chips is that these people know how to maintain the right temperature in their deep fry vats.  No matter how good the ingredients are in this kind of food, it won't be right unless the fry vat is right.    I lived through the Golden Age of Fish and Chips in the US.  For a tragically short period of time there was a fish and chips place in almost every strip mall.  There were national chains.  Then the price of fish went stratospheric.  It's too bad. Good fish and chips is fast food that doesn't make you feel spiritually soiled.  

                Prime example of great fish n chips (halibut). Don't know how the other items are cuz I can't get passed the fish n chips. I can also get an Anchor Steam here for $4.   Eat here, get fat, be merry.  

                Love this place for fried fish.  Best fish an d chips.  Both the halibut and cod are good. Have also had their fried oysters and calamari and are also very good.   The fries are decent, thick cut steak fries.  Not the best I've ever had but good.    The clam chowder though is meh.    I'm from Boston so have high expectations.  Had it once won't get it again.  Not a deal killer for me though.    Service is quick.  Staff is friendly. They also have a decent fish market attached.  

                The Absolutely BEST fish and chips ever!!! Exceptional fresh seafood. The best ! The freshest salads. The only place I go for fish.  

                I came here for a lunch based off of a recommendation.  The person that I went with knew the menu well and was a big fan.  We both had the fish and chips which were good.  The serving was huge and I definitely didn't finish it but they were good.  I love fish and chips in England it is hard to find similar dishes here that are good quality.    We sat there for several hours chatting and the staff was very respectful and didn't nag us to leave and empty the space.  I will probably go back soon to try more of thier dishes.  

                Came here before . This time I got the Prawn/Cod special . At a price under 10.00. I'll take that .  

                Hmmm...maybe i got a different Halibut and Chips from the rest of you who are writing glowing reviews. Mine was very dry. Maybe it was overcooked. In any case, it was very far from the best i have ever had and the chips were just average as well. I went in after hearing good thinks from several people i work with. None of their descriptions of the food match what i got. I will try the Cod next time. I wont spend extra money for the Halibut.  If that isn't better I won't be back.  

                WOW--their portions of fish and chips are very generous.  They don't skimp out on their fluffy steak cut fries.  Ordered the halibut fish 'n chips and the halibut pieces were quite sizable.  You could feel the flakiness of the halibut with each bite, and it had the perfect crust of fried goodness.    Their clam chowder is okay-- the clams were fresh, but the cream base was a bit thin.  I suppose that allows the tender clam meat to shine through?  It was around $4 I believe for a small cup of chowder.    Oh yeah and we had FRESH FRESH oysters, $2 each I believe?  Properly dressed with a bit of sauce, they were delicious, salty, and had a deep ocean flavor.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cooks-seafood-restaurant-and-market-menlo-park?select=_xe-UDe13ceL9kWaTRzepA#_xe-UDe13ceL9kWaTRzepA">yelp.com/biz_photos/cook…</a>  When you first walk in you will be greeted from the "fish market" counter-- aka, you can make to-go orders or you can order-in and seat yourself at one of the tables.    Weird incident here:  we came with a large group (10 people) and were sitting in the middle of the restaurant (restaurant itself isn't too large), and as time went on I realized a lady at another table had been angling her point-and-shoot camera at our table for quite some time.... I mean, I turned and looked DIRECTLY at her, and she still didn't stop filming.... and she did not look "touristy" she just looked like a regular patron.  So I told everyone at our table so we whipped out our phones (asian style LOL) and angled it towards her table so she'd stop.  She DID stop, and didn't act like anything was weird!!!  I swear, so weird.  Never had that before....... it's not like she was vlogging and talking into her own camera LOL.  Anyways, Cooks is VERY fresh.  And minutes away from Stanford Shopping Center^^  

                Market section: really good, fresh fish. The lobster tank is clean and well-kept.  Restaurant section: not good. They really should hire a chef to make some good food with their great ingredients. Everything is really basic, and not prepared well.  

                I'm not gonna lie this place has the best fish and chips I have ever tasted. I love the steak fries that come with the fish. They have two options of halibut or cod. I prefer the halibut even though its more expensive it taste wayyyyyyyy better.  I always order my fries well done to get them extra crispy! 2 pieces of halibut and some chips is enough for me. They don't skimp on the size of the fish either.   Another favorite thing about this place is that their ice machine makes those little round ice like the ones they use at Sonics. LOVE!  The décor is what Kristin C. said like an upscale dairy queen or foster freeze.   There is plenty of parking here. The service is fast.  

                This was awesome! Even though we only had fish and chips it was amazing! Fish was flaky, juicy, and tender. Fries were regular steak fries but it's the fish that counts! Will definitely be coming here again!  I like that they have a lot of fresh seafood options! Not only fried but grilled as well! Something for everyone!  

                We had oysters to start, they were on the small side and about a 7 on the taste scale, nothing wrong with them but nothing special.  I had the pepper crusted ahi tuna for my main dish and this was delectable.  The mashed potatoes were SO good! I'm craving it now!  Pair that with a cocktail or two and you can't go wrong!  

                I think I figured this place out.  The smaller the seafood item to be deep fried, the better it tastes. Or in geek speak, the frying surface area is inversely proportional to the Oishi / Delish / "Yummay" factor.  This place should just be called Cook's Deep Fried and a little Grilled Seafood Restaurant & Market.  Got two pieces of halibut for fish & chips, and fries "well done". This was pretty boring and bordering on horrendous, only barely saved by a squeeze of lemon wedge, with some watered down malt vinegar and ketchup (for the fries). Dry and chewy on the inside, and pricier than cod. Frozen breakfast battered fish fingers tastes better than this! Barbara's Fish Trap to go counter in Half Moon Bay tastes so much better too....what gives?  Heck if I'm going to ingest mercury from the food chain (e.g. Alaskan halibut), it better be delicious!!! Like Bluefin otoro n' chit. But not this!!! Skip! As in the song "Loo Loo, SKIP to my loo". But Loo = Lav = Bog = Toilet in UK slang....so if you do eat a wrong combination of things prior to the meal and the shrimp salad, you might be RUNNING for your life to the Loo...not skipping. :-/.  The fried scallops n' chips were so much better. Not a fan of the batter, but at least the insides were good.  Although if I want deep fried scallops, I'll suck it up and get it salt pepper fried from R&G Lounge and guzzle it down Cookie Monster style (or should I say Fried Scallop Monster style) with a bottle of Tsing Tao. (But really...a fresh scallop should be steamed on its shell with garlic and bean thread vermicelli, or eaten raw if it's the right kind from JP.)  Fried calamari is a super winner here. Finally something done right after the halibut fiasco. Great...now I feel like having salt and pepper fried squid :-o. Cantonese fish & chips sounds good round about now... or Big T's :-o  

                I noticed that Yelp REMOVED my 12/28/2014 ONE star review for this restaurant. Don't bother eating here. Maybe they get paid for sanitizing customer comments. Food and facilities are horrible. Let's see if this review gets re-posted.  

                Pricy for the portion sizes.  Grilled Halibut was good just not enough of it.  Salad is a joke.  Just a lot of ice berg lettuce and Four grape tomatoes.  Way over priced for a salad.  If you have money to burn then you're okay here.  

                Cook's is the BEST FISH AND CHIPS EVER!  Yes I said it, ever.  If you doubt me, order a captain's plate with halibut and get back to me.  Imagine a thick slab of Halibut steak with very light batter fried to a crisp.  Serve with tartar sauce/malt vinegar sludge.  Heaven.  My first time here I was skeptical.  How can this place, not in the immediate vicintiy of a pier or wharf, have such good fish?  Since I  started eating here 10 years ago, I have been on a quest to dethrone Cook's as the best fish and chips ever.  I have searched many establishments near bodies of water that claim they have the best fish and chips to no avail.    A bit pricey, but worth every Dollar.  This is the type of place where you know it's pricey, but you will gladly pay what they ask for to get a bite of that Halibut and thick fries.  I am curious to see if I ever will find any other palce better than Cook's.  

                fish and chips. it's a hit or miss. sometimes it seems extremely fresh and crispy and other times it seems a bit soggy or overcooked. there's not much in terms of flavor, just fish and a bit of salt. I've tried the clam chowder and it's consistently tasty with good consistency and flavor.  the staff is extremely helpful and friendly. the place gets pretty busy around dinner time and seating is a bit limited.  

                I've been going here for over 30 years. What more do you need to know? Favorite fish - sand dabs. Favorite salad - Crab Louie. Favorite seat - booth by the window.  

                Nice enough place.  I ordered the Fish & Chips.  The french fries were very hot, which was great! They stayed hot through the whole meal. It's a nice casual restaurant and really quick service.  

                One of the best in the bay area! I had the cod, halibut, and fried oysters as takeout. It was neatly packed and labeled. They were very generous with the condiments. I use a lot of tartar sauce and they were gracious enough to give me 7 containers with! (some places are so stingy about it)  The cod was flaky and flavorful. The batter was nicely seasoned and fried perfectly!   The halibut was good too. Much meatier so it depends on your preference.   I loved their fried oysters. They were medium sized. Fresh. Not too much batter.   The fries were ok. A few were a bit dry. That's ok cuz I came here for the fish!  Cant wait to go back and try it at the restaurant fresh next time!!  

                Had an appointment in Menlo Park and just had to stop and check this place out. Saw the sign from the street as I turned the corner and they had me at "local crab fresh or cooked". I ordered the 2 piece halibut and chips. Real meaty fish but like halibut it is a little dry so next time I'm sure I will try the cod. The location is perfect with a variety of salads on display. Everything on the menu sounds and looks yummy so I'm sure I'll be back to check it out. From calamari, oysters, chowder, prawns....you name it they got it. I also noticed the fish market is across the parking lot. I wish I had time to check it out but I was in between appointments and couldn't. So for now they get the five stars.  

                Environment: Order, find own seat and they bring you your food kind of spot.  Booth seating, clean and plenty of windows and sunlight.  Customer service: fast, friendly, and professional  Food: we ordered the catfish/fries and the clam chowder.  Everything was pretty good. fries were thick cut and crunchy, fish tasted fresh and perfectly fried and clam chowder was tasty and creamy.  Price: $12+ for the fish, fries and chowder.  Not bad  Conclusion:  If I am in the mp area again, i would come here again for sure.  

                The crab sandwich, fried calamari with chips, & fish with chips here are really good. I love the crab sandwich. It's super fresh. The calamari & fish was cooked perfectly. The "chips" was okay. I wish it was more crispy, but the workers here are really friendly. I wanna come back and try the fried clams!  

                This place is the best for high quality fish and chips.  Team BMF hits this place every so often, and always leaves satisfied.  Opt for the halibut instead of the cod.  It may be a bit pricier, but the fish is of higher quality and the serving is dense and more than substantial.  Kinda hesitant on my first visit due to the hype, but came away claiming the best I've had round these parts.  The two piece is more than enough, and won't leave you bloated and greased out.  Haven't tried anything else or been to their fish counter, but I'm sure the other options will be up to par.  Gotta get this in now, cuz once the weather warms up, this is unfortunately off the food list for contest prep.  But don't let it stop you from trying or using it as your cheat day meal.  

                Good simple fresh seafood.  You can pick between cod or halibut for fish and chips.  Specials are always good. Clam chowder is perfect, not too creamy.  Cafeteria style casual dining.  

