                Came for lunch with a friend. I'd definitely recommend making a reservation. Our reservation was right at opening and it got pretty busy immediately.  Overall, I was pretty impressed. It's expensive but worth a visit.  FOOD: Most everything on the menu looked pretty delicious to me. I'd recommend coming with a bigger group so that you can order and try more dishes without going bankrupt. Highlights for me were the MAR Y MONTANA (sea urchin sandwich) and the SALMON AHUMADO (smoked salmon sandwich). On the other hand, the pintxos were rather disappointing.For $2.50 per bite-sized skewer, I was expecting something more impressive, and while they were pretty tasty, they weren't particularly unique in flavor.  PRICE: Expensive! But it's tapas so there shouldn't be any surprises there. They recommend getting 3 tapas per person, so it can easily add up to $50+ per person, but my friend and I found 4 tapas and 3 skewers to be enough.   SERVICE: Solid and attentive. The waiters checked in on us now and then refilled our water frequently, though they did mess up and refill my friend's water with sparkling water instead of normal water. Food comes out quickly.  ATMOSPHERE: Pretty lively and trendy restaurant. There's a nice view of the bay and LOTS of natural lighting during the day (always of fan of well-lit places). There's table seating, high table seating and bar seating, but the place isn't super big so all the tables are rather close together.  =======================================  -PINTXOS ($2.50 each) - 3/5 [bite-sized skewers] The pintxos are on 7x7's Big Eat list for 2015, but I wasn't particularly impressed. I tried 3 skewers: the BOQUERONES (white anchovie), CHORIZO, and HUEVOS DE CODORNIZ (quail egg). The skewer combinations/pairings were actually pretty good, but just not that special and not really worth $2.50 per bite. My favorite of the 3 was the white anchovie, so I'd recommend that if you really want to try one. The chorizo was tasty but not unique. The quail egg was the most disappointing - just tasted like a normal egg.  -MAR Y MONTANA, sea and mountain ($14) - 5/5 [Ibérico lardo gently melted over sea urchin with lomo ibérico] MMMM a must try! The sea urchin was soo soft and creamy. Basically melts in your mouth. The bread was incredibly hard and crunchy, which I normally wouldn't like, but I think it was a good contrast to the texture of the uni. GET THIS.  -SALMON AHUMADO ($8) - 5/5 [Smoked salmon, queso fresco and truffle honey] YUM. I could probably eat a million of these! If you like smoked salmon, you'll LOVE this. The salmon had an amazing soft texture that was contrasted nicely with the hard/crunchy bread. The truffle honey was delicious! Subtle and lightly sweet, and paired really well with the salmon and cheese.  -GAMBAS AL NEGRO ($14) - 4/5 [Olive oil poached head-on gulf prawns with black garlic and chili sauce] The shrimp was cooked perfectly tender, and the sauce was pretty flavorful but lacking in the "chili" aspect. I'd recommend sucking on the prawn head - it's full of flavor! The dish comes with 3 prawns and 3 slices of toasted bread/baguette that's good for sauce-dipping.  -PULPO A LA PARILLA ($14) - 3.5/5 [Wood-grilled octopus, fingerling potato and pimentón olive oil] Tender and nicely grilled with a slight smokiness, but honestly, the texture was probably much more memorable than the flavors. The potatoes were pretty bland and didn't really add anything to the dish.  

                This place is great--traditional Spanish menu, beautiful bay view, patio dining and good drink options. The presentation is tasteful--multi-colored plates, ornate but not pretentious silverware, tile plates for dessert, aged wood boards for cheese. The bar is outdoors so that the indoor dining experience is calmer and less trendy. Everything--kale salad, olives, dulce de leche dessert--was authentic. Patatas bravas with liquid smoke sauce were outstanding, and the "bikini sandwich"--English muffins, grilled eggplant, goat cheese and grapefruit that you mix in--was off the charts delicious. But what really has set it apart for me has been the service--when the server came over, she immediately asked if we had dietary restrictions, which we do: we are vegetarian. Instead of launching into a smattering of meat-marinated options as so many restaurant servers are known to do, as we awkwardly smile and nod, sure we won't order anything on the list, she began marking up the menu with what we could eat. Her immense knowledge of what each plate had in it was very helpful and welcoming. Also, another member of the staff noticed the sun beaming in from our window, offered to lower the blinds and made our dining spot "just right"--I love pre-emptive good service--when folks get in front of things rather than waiting to be told.   So why haven't I given this 5 stars? I would have, save that a chicken croquette plate was brought over, and we took some bites before being told, with utmost sincerity, that it wasn't the dish for us. Obviously, being vegetarian is an ethical thing for me, and I aggressively do not eat meat. I've had this happen multiple times, but this place gave us free plates and was so apologetic. Mad props to them for still leaving me happy. Buen trabajo, Coqueta! As with most flirtations, the translation of this name, we're not madly in love yet, but we're intrigued and happy. We'll be back--just please no chicken next time.  

                This place is delicious. I've tried almost everything on the menu and my top dishes are:  - Pork Shoulder: tender, juicy, and full of flavor - Paella: big portion and contains just the right amount of seafood and veggies - Open salmon bagel: it's just perfect - Patatas Bravas: delicious - Croquetas: Amazing, must try - Peppers: beware, some can be really spicy - Steak: pricey but very juicy and flavorful  Last but not least, you have to try their gin and tonic. Gin and tonic is not my choice of alcohol, but their gin and tonic has some herbs and it's very refreshing!!  

                I have such fond memories of my travels in Spain and Coqueta really did take me back to the days of sunning with sangria in hand and tapas all around.   We sat outside on the patio, it did get chilly once the sun fell. But you get this nice breeze from the pier.   I didn't have sangria as there were so many different libations to choose from. All a complex mix of ingredients that crafted a fine sophisticated cocktail. Championship was a strong bourbon drink, the margarita had a fun lime air to top it off and the gin and tonic in a beautiful glass with flowers and herbs as aromatics.   The tapas, we had the octopus with fingerling potatoes. I am a huge fan of grilled octopus done right. It was delicious. We also had the paella, with grilled corn and micro greens. It was surprisingly rich and decadent. We couldn't finish the bowl although we were stuffed to the brim trying.  The smoked chorizo, pollo croquets and ham and cheeses were all solid.   I didn't expect much and was blown away. Beautiful restaurant to boot! Pricey but worth it.  

                If it weren't for the $200 gift certificate here, my bf and I wouldn't have returned after walking out the first time for being ignored.  However, this time the service was better, and the urban legend of excellent food became a reality.  We chose a seat outside in the sunshine, indulging in our tapas, sipping on sangria and people watching.  We kicked off our feast with the chef's selection of cheeses and cured meats.  I wish I had taken a picture of this plate in all its varietal glory, but I assure you this is one of the best meat and cheese plates ever.  It came with some bri, bleu cheese, a couple slices of bread, tiny bread sticks, bits of  flat bread, fancy Marcona almonds, chorizo, prosciutto and quince cheese or membrillo.    Next, we ordered the deviled eggs which were an interesting, delectable concoction filled with spring pea and smoked pimentón aioli, topped with tuna on a pickled saffron potato.  The Abondigas a la Feria (duck & pork meatballs) were pretty good too but not one of my faves.  The tart cherry tempranillo salsa it came with made the meatballs somewhat sweet.  If you're not a fan of sweet meat, this won't be a hit.  The best for us was hands down was the grilled octopus and fingerling potatoes.  The pliability of the octopus made for blissful bites.  We enjoyed this dish so much we ordered another.  Overall, the food totally makes this place and even the ambiance is great with hip lounge music, but the service still needs help.  It wasn't awful, but it wasn't consistent.  The busser was probably the most attentive in keeping our water glasses full and switching out our plates.  Our waitress was personable and nice enough but came out to the tiny patio which wasn't at full capacity multiple times and failed to see our attention directed her way despite the visibility of our empty glasses and pitcher.  Towards the end, the service seemed to improve with various servers coming to our table to ask if we needed anything, but by then, we were finished and tapped out.  That will be our last time there.  It was too much  work to keep having to get a server's attention to order more and have our drinks refilled.  

                Took the gf here for her birthday, we had a reservation and were seated promptly at our table. The restaurant is located on the Embarcadero with some partial views of the bay. The dining room is a lot more cozy and intimate than I thought it would be which gave a warm, comforting ambiance.   We ordered a carafe of sangria which was delicious and refreshing; bonus points for it being served in an awesome looking vessel. I was eyeballing the gin and tonics our neighbors were sipping on as they looked quite interesting with lots of floral components thrown in. If I ever get the chance to come back here, I'm probably getting one of those. We each got some of the bitesize skewers that they brought around. I got the quail egg diablo, chorizo and artichoke, and the serrano ham and cheese. I would advise to skip these as I didn't think any of them were particularly impressive and overpriced in my opinion at $2.50 a pop. I did appreciate the concept of the small bites and the beautiful platter on which they were presented and served.  We ordered 3 small dishes and a paella. The grilled razor clams were a special that day. I think this was the first time I've had razor clams; they were quite tender and the sauce added some nice acidity.  The sunny side up huevo with shrimp was probably my favorite dish; the crispy potato strings gave the dish great texture and the chorizo dressing added some good heat. Next up, were the grilled duck and pork meatballs were solid and had great texture and flavor. Then came the paella which was quite massive, it probably could've fed a family of four. The flavors were excellent but I thought the rice ratio was a bit high compared to the proteins and veggies. If you know you're planning on getting this dish, order it first as it takes around 30-40 minutes for it to come out.  We capped things off with a decadent flan, they added a chocolate birthday card on the top of it for the birthday girl. This was the first restaurant of Michael Chiarello that I have dined at. I've heard good things about his restaurant in Napa but I thought this one fell a bit short. I thought the tapas were a bit small in their portions for the price and while flavors were solid for the mostpart, there wasn't anything mind-blowing.  

                I'm torn between 3.5 and 4 stars for this place. Torn! But since their cocktails did bring a smile ( and few giggles ) to me and my gf, I'm going with a 4!   This is right smack in the middle of all traffic and tourist stampede zone. But we found ourselves here yesterday and kind of enjoyed it. My girlfriend rave about their drinks being amazing. And she was right. We came during an afternoon but they were closed for an event. Worried not, we waited!   They have a bar area outdoor and a small patio as well a full dining room. The patio was full of course so we opted for the bar seats. Super high outdoor bar seats. It gets very hot in there. But you can see the stunning bay behind the bar, sip cocktails and just feel like you're outside.   Drinks  Sangria ~ you can get a whole carafe or enjoy them by a glass. It had just the right amount of wine, ice and fruit. I like it.   Gin cocktails!! These are the star attractions here for me. They bring out your choice of cocktail minus the gin. Well they are basically gin and tonics with pretty flowers and things in it. But the best is she pours it into that pretty glass table side. Watching the gin and flowers get all bubbled up was quite fun!   The food is also quite tasty. Try the grilled octopus !!  Overall, gin and tonics will run you about $13-$16 each. It's not cheap but it is quite tasty! Plus you get that amazing view as a bonus! It's a win win. One of our final drinks took way too long, our waitress comped it for us. Not that I need a reason to come back but that was a nice touch :) We sipped, watch the sunset and left happy and giddy!  

                Legit, I feel like I'll dream of this place forever.  And save money to go to be able to order whatever I want without cringing.   Their lunch menu is the same as the dinner menu, which is awesome. Dinner menus feel fancier to me, and usually catch my eye more. I came with 2 other people, and we ordered enough for 4...probably. I think I ate enough for two people.   Food: Ribeye - seriously enough for 4 people, or just 1 really hungry person. It was so delicious! The crust was salty and yummy, and it came on the rib, so the meat by the bone was so tender and yummy. I like my meats mid-rare, but my party chose medium. I nearly gnawed at the bone to get that delicious mid-rare meat.  Mushrooms: also delicious. I think it was swimming in butter, and therefore delicious. One of my dining companions doesn't even like mushrooms and was eating it like it was her last meal.  Octopus: Perfectly cooked! Crispy on the outside, and nice chew on the inside. If nothing else, make sure to get this!  Huevos with shrimp: it was good, but probably not as great as the other dishes. If you like shrimp and eggs though, its pretty decent.  Jamón Serrano - Like any sliced cured ham, it was salty and yummy. Really good appetizer   Pork and Duck Albondigas - Yummy, and soft. I couldn't really tell meats, since it was all blended and cooked together, but the taste was nice. Its not a must, but is meaty and good.  Gin and Tonic - yes, I had this during lunch on a work day. And it was delicious.   The service was good. The table next to me got some meat juice on a jacket, from the flat piece of wood that the meat is served on (the wait staff tilted slightly, accidentally). Another staff was really good about getting sparkling water to wash it off for her, and gave her a card to charge their dry cleaning on the restaurant. POINTS!   All in all, a really great meal. If you decide to splurge.  

                There is no doubt that the food is spectacular. Wide range of different types of Spanish tapas ranging from the typical to the amazing. For me the stand outs were:  -sunny side up with shrimp & crispy potato with chorizo -uni faced open sandwich -kale salad -"Gaucho" rib eye  We came on a Wednesday night with reservations but still ended up waiting an extra 30 minutes (5 of those minutes were because they didn't have silverware). We came for my friend's birthday and because of our long wait they ended up comping our desserts which was a nice touch...  A little too pricey considering most of the main dishes were tapas. No WOW factor for me.....meh.  

                I visited last wednesday for a fantastic lunch with my marketing team! We had a customized preset menu for a table of 16 at $55/person.   Cold Tapas: 1) Acietunas  Y Almenores - Toasted fennel and bayleaf manzanilla 2) Olives & Marcona Almonds 3) Tortilla De Espinacas - Spinach tortilla with piquillo pepper puree and herb salad. 4) Ensalada Kale - Roasted squash, picked apricot and warm carbanzo dressing.  Hot Tapas: 1) Patatas Bravas - Freshly dug, lightly smoked, crispy new potatoes w/Bravas Salsa & Garlic Aioli 2) Brussles - Sherry Vinegar and crispy jamon serrano 3) Gambas Al Negro - Olive oil pached head-on gulf prawns, w/ black garlic and chili 4) Albondicas A La Feria - Grilled duck & pork meatballs w/ tart cherry and tempanillo salsa and crispy shallots  Larger/Family Style: 1) Paella - Classic made w/ bomb rice, jamon serrano shellfish broth, shrimp, clams, chorizo, green cauliflower, and lemon aioli. 2) Verduras a la Catalana - Vineyard greens catalan style, caper-raisin puree with raisins, pine nuts, and garlic.  Dessert: 1) Machego cheesecake with caramel popcorn 2) Churro "Fantasia" crispy spanish doughnut with drinking chocolate and mixed berry powder.  The food and service was impeccable. I enjoyed everything and so did my team!I don't think there was one plate that I did not like. Each dish was unique and different from the other. My favorite was probably the paella, patatas bravas, kale, and Gambas al La Feria. (haha, I guess that's most of it huh?) I love the crispiness of the potatoes and the kale dish. The head-on shrimp was extremely fresh and well cooked. The kale was nice and crispy, the apricots/squash gave the dish extra dimensional and flavor.  4.5 STARS  

                This place is definitely trendy and great for a date. Half the restaurant is open seating, the other half is for reservations. I would recommend making a reservation. Dishes were great, but the pacing was completely random. Some things came out in seconds, others in 20 minute gaps. Drinks were super fancy with flowers and random stuff in it, but the ones we ordered were pretty tasty. Overall, the food was great and I would definitely come back.  Drink Stand Outs: -Spanish Holiday: light and refreshing -Championship Poilcy: for those black label fans  Food Stand Outs: -Gambas al Negro (Head-on prawns with black garlic & chili sauce): awesome sauce for dipping -Lubina a la Brasa (whole grilled branzino): crispy, well cooked, delicious!  Wouldn't order again: -Bite-size skewers: tried all 5, but didn't feel any of them were worth the $2.50ea -Sunny side-up Huevo with shrimp: chorizo was way too greasy -Albondigas a la Feria (Duck & Pork Meatballs): sauce was too sweet  

                Coqueta is AWESOME. Highly recommend coming here for drinks or dinner - make a reservation if you want to eat. Even with one, you will end up waiting around for your table, but the bar area is cool, so you can wait in there. It gets a little crowded because people are eating in there as well, but it's more than fine.  Drinks: get a porron to share with the table!  Food: "El Gran Plat Cap", Patatas bravas, pulpo a la parilla, seafood paella  Can't wait to return and try more off of the menu!  

                I wanted to try Coqueta for the longest time since I have heard wonderful things about the food. I treated my boyfriend out here recently, using our anniversary as an excuse.   Reservations was relatively easy as I booked only a month in advance. Parking is easy now that on Sunday's, meters are free.   We were seated at an awkward table - we kept falling off our table but that might have been due to our own clumsiness. ;)  We ordered the huevo with shrimp, pork & duck meatballs, and the gaucho steak. The huevo was delicious. The pork & duck meatballs were very underwhelming and I regretted the order.   The steak was very, very good! They brought out the slab of rib eye and asked if we wanted to have it cut. We did request to have it sliced. While it took a long time to bring it back sliced, it was done excellently and topped with cilantro.   I was very touched that at the end of our meal, the staff was nice enough to give us complimentary dessert: cheesecake bites with handwritten "congratulations" on chocolate.   Overall, I felt the food was lacking for the menu prices. While some of the food we tried was good (the steak), I think there are better places to eat in SF for equal or less than what we paid.  

                I came here with a couple friends for a "tapas brunch." This place got so packed on Sunday around noon. Fortunately, my friend made a reservation so we were seated promptly as soon as everyone in the party arrived.   My favorites here: -Mar y montaña: Sea and mountain Ibérico lardo gently melted over sea urchin with lomo ibérico. This is my favorite!! I am a big fan of uni and the combination of the Iberico fat melting on the sea urchin is just so gooddddd.  -Gin & Tonic: this is easily the most beautiful and romantic Gin & Tonic with all the flowers they decorate it with. And it actually tastes good! It is on the mild side though, so for those of you who want a strong one, this might not be for you  -Jamón Ibérico de Bellota: this is similar to a charcuterie plate. It's a good one to order to share with more people.   Since it's a tapas restaurant, the portion of each dish is definitely on a smaller side, so if you have a large party, make sure you adjust your order accordingly. We had a party of 6 so we had to order two to three of each to get a full tummy. When in doubt, you can ask your server.   I will definitely come back to try the dinner or just drinks after work. This place is a great spot for first date since it's not too quiet/loud and you can stroll along the bay after an enjoyable meal ;)  Tips: Make a reservation and request a table outside so you can enjoy the bay view.  

                The cocktails were AMAZING.  Unique takes on old classics.  I got a gin and tonic with grapefruit and pine.  Refreshing and delightful!  We started with the Patatas Bravas, which were the best I've ever had. Little potatoes  lightly smoked, encrusted with salt crystals, and served with a garlic alioli and smoked paprika sauce. The Croquetas de Pollo were served with a sliver of cara cara orange.  Very tasty, like nothing I've had before. The "Sunny side-up" Huevo With Shrimp were in a sauce that had lots of little chunks of chorizo, topped with a sunny side egg that oozed over the whole dish.   The Arroz Cremoso really stood out to me. It was a saffron rice in a cauliflower-corn sauce -- think soupy risotto where the cauliflower has been pureed and with sweet summer corn swimming in it. Absolutely heavenly!  Skip the deviled eggs and "bite sized" Chorizo Skewer. The chorizo was cold and the skewer was teeny tiny.  For dessert the Churro 'Fantasia' was freshly made, rolled in cinnamon sugar, and served with a side of melted chocolate.  OMG so good.  I didn't care for the Flan Española; it was so creamy and rich, but I expect my flan to be more egg-y.    Reservations are not too difficult to get if you're willing to eat a little early.  We got a 5 pm reservation 3 weeks out.  I will definitely be heading back to Coqueta to try more tapas...and to get the Arroz Cremoso again!  

                WOW!!  Well done Michael Chiarello.  At first when we walked in we were seated at this side-bar area, continuous with the bar with stool seating on a raised counter, and I felt TOTALLY shafted.  I did get lucky making a last minute reservation, but I kind of wanted a real table...  Then later into the night I realized that we had gotten SUPER lucky.  The dessert person behind the counter caught me eyeing all the delicious-looking plates she was constructing, and later that night she let us try a caramel cheesecake on a stick.  And then after we went with the pan chocolate with EVOO ice cream, she asked us if we "had enough ice cream".  SUPER friendly staff in that regard, but I did think that our waiter seemed a bit preoccupied and haughty (hence the 4/5 stars).  Everything we tried here was phenomenal.  The octopus was tender, cooked to perfection, and slightly crispy on the outside.  The branzino was also cooked perfectly and served with the head, so I dug out the cheeks :) true Asian style!  The cauliflower with romesco sauce was also fantastic, and the two girls next to us let us try their brussels sprouts (which were apparently not on the menu, so ask if they have anything special that night!)  My boyfriend ordered a smokey-tasting martini off the menu per recommendation of the waiter, but he took a few sips and didn't like it so the waiter replaced it with a different martini, and I don't believe they charged us for the first one.  The wine by the glass list here is a bit scarce, and the wines run from $13 to $22 so definitely not easy on the pockets!  

                This is definitely more of a 3.5 review.  I was really excited about eating at Coqueta having heard all the great things and being a fan of Michael Chiarello in general. Full disclosure: I ate at Coqueta late last year so this month is about 4 months late.  I've been to Barcelona and Spain and I'm a huge fan of tapas in general, so I had high expectations for Coqueta, but everything was simply too salty! The interior of the restaurant is lovely and woodsy, it's in a great area next to the Embarcadero and the service was lovely, but everything I ate was just too over-seasoned.  I ate with my parents and boyfriend so I had the chance to sample many dishes- some that stand out include the paella, which didn't have the crunchy rice that comes from the skillet, and again, was just too salty.  I like that they come around in the beginning of the service with some tapas skewers that you can choose, amuse bouche style, but the food didn't stand out to me either.   Price-point wise, it won't set up back too much, especially for the location, but in general, I think there are much better tapas places in the city, like the very underrated Alegrias.  

                I'm not sure how we spent over $100 here as the food was bite sized and I'm still hungry. Food was okay and service was friendly and quick, but it's very over priced.  

                I love tapas, so when I found out Coqueta was opening last year, I couldn't wait to check them out. In May of 2013, I came by for a friend's birthday dinner. We had a reservation for a group of 8 people.  Drinks: *Barca gintonic ($12): bloom London dry gin, fever tree tonic, grapefruit *Revolution ($12): st george dry rye gin, anise tonic, del maguey mezcal vida, pedro ximenez, passion fruit  Pintxos: bite size skewers *House cured boquerones ($2.50 each): white anchovies, olives, pearl onions and guindilla peppers *Chorizo ($2.50 each): roasted artichokes and piquillo peppers  Tapas calientes: hot tapas *Tattas bravas ($8): crispy potato and jamon nuggets  with bravas salsa and alioli *Roasted padron peppers ($8): with jamon serrano and sherry vinegar *Gambas al negro ($14): olive oil poached head-on gulf prawns with black garlic and chili *Grilled razor clams ($14): with salsa verde and meyer lemon  Raciones y verduras: larger, family style *"Gaucho" bone-in 32 oz natural beef ribeye ($20 per person for 8 people): with aromatic moorish pepper *Paella ($40): the classic, made with bomba rice,  jamon serrano-shellfish broth, roasted tomato,  chorizo, gulf prawns, clams, and lemon alioli  I had a great time with my friends and even got to meet Michael Chiarello! But the food, I found to just be okay. Nothing wowed me. I think my favorite dishes were the prawns, razor clams and steak. Overall, I'd rate the food 3 stars. But I thought the drinks were amazing! Both gorgeous in look and beautifully mixed in flavor. I'm thirsty again just thinking about them! 5 stars for the drinks!  Hence my 4 star rating. I don't know if I'd come back for a full on dinner, but I'd definitely come back for cocktails and maybe some small plates.  

                Had The Best lunch today at Coqueta.! Sat at the bar and Ordered Away. Croquettas were delicious, the pulpo was good, had 4 pintxos 1 with quail egg, tortilla de espinaca, my favorite was The Jamon Serrano w manchego and apricot. All 4 good tho. The Duck albondigas had good flavor. I had 2 Gin drinks both refreshing. Also had the Valdeon cheese w membrillo and ended with a complimentary manchego cheesecake with caramel popcorn. So glad we got to try this. Service was Great by Nicole and Very Attentive Runners and Staff.!  

                Coqueta had been on my bookmarks for a while, after reading all the glowing reviews from other fellow yelpers, I had set the bar kind of high for this place.  My boyfriend and I came on a sàturday for a early dinner at 5pm. Love the ambiance and the interior especially the open kitchen.  We ordered several tapas and a main dish. The server recommended that we go with 2-3 tapas a person and to share a main dish and it was more than enough food.   Chicken croquetas: 5/5: these were delicious. It tasted very similar to a chicken pot pie rolled in bread crumbs and fried. If you like chicken pot pie, you will like this. It just sucked that they were so small and they only give 3 an order :( had to share the last one with my boyfriend.  Deviled eggs: 3/5: these were perfect bite sized tapas but they didn't really stand out flavor wise. I was thinking. They would have a good flavor but they were just ok.  Grilled octopus: 3/5: the octopus was grilled to perfection except that it was overly salty. Even eating it with a potato it was still really salty. Not sure if it was suppose to be that way but I probably wouldn't get this dish again.  We were suppose to get the sunny heuvo which the server recommended but that tapa never came out instead they took it off the check and brought out our paella.  Paella:4/5: I actually liked this dish. Sit was flavorful and tasty. It looks like a lot of toppings are on top but not really, it's actually more rice than toppings. I did enjoy the shrimp, clams and veggies on top.   This place was just ok, I probably wouldn't come back anytime soon. But I would give this place a second try in the future and hopefully it tastes better.   Total for 2 with tip: $120  

                My team came here for a business lunch and it was surprisingly not crowded. I need to come here for lunch more often!   I love everything about this place and really wish I could try the whole menu but this is what I've tried and loved so far   Sausage trio- blood sausage was surprisingly good  Croquettes - fried heaven  Patatas Bravas- delicious and unlike the typical style I've had Meatballs- amazing!  Brioche tapa- I forget the exact name but it had goat cheese so its an automatic win  Desserts- get the cheesecake bites!  

                I love coqueta! The drinks are good! The food is amazing! You just can't go wrong at coqueta.   Lets start out with drinks, they have 4 versions of their Gin and Tonic. You can't go wrong with any of them. They're both good looking and delicious -- A perfect instagram moment :P   I'd love to come to coqueta with a small group of 2-3 friends. Each of their tapas com with 2-3 bites which doesn't get very sharable with a larger group. The most recent time I visited, I came with one of my girl friends. The table next to us got the steak which is a 32oz bone-in ribeye meant to serve 3-4. It looked amazing and we were ambitious so we ordered that preparing to take some home. We also ordered the egg bites, the coqueta, the jumbo prawn, and uni open-face sandwich. I loved all of our tapas and I'm not even a huge fan of prawns! (Oh, I guess with the exception of the egg-- the egg was just okay. I wouldn't order it again)   Now for the steak, that steak was amazing! Super juicy and fatty and perfectly seasoned. The only surprise was that it was actually quite small. If we ordered the steak alone, it probably wouldn't have filled the 2 of us up. :( I'd definitely recommend the steak, it definitely also on the pricier side at $84 pre tip and tax.   Finally for dessert, we ordered the chocolate lava cake. I can't eat much chocolate since I'm slightly allergic but I had parts of the crust with the milky sauce. I would recommend it if you like chocolate lava cakes :)   Coqueta can definitely get pricey pretty quickly if you have a big appetite and love a variety. Try to make a reservation in advance so you own't end up standing outside for a couple hours!  

                Best margarita in my life!  If I lived in the city I'd be there every day! Food is outstanding, inventive, delicious. Michael Chiarello definitely earned his praise.  

                Completely out of expectation, as we didn't even think we can book the space given the short time horizon...must be someone cancelled theirs so we had our space at a golden time.  Anyway food was fabulous, especially the paella. We eapeically enjoyed the spicy sauce over the lemon one, which went perfectly well with the rice and shrimp. Sausage was another extra credit point. The dessert flan was a bit too sweet though.  Well attentive service, will visit again during my next time in San Francisco.  

                Trendy atmosphere, beautiful Spanish gin & tonic concoctions, and oh-so-delicious tapas! What's not to love about Coqueta? This place serves plenty of creative dishes that'll surely catch your eye, so it's actually perfect that these are served as small plates so you'll have room to try a little bit of everything.   - Barça Gintonic: Dare I say the best gin and tonic I've ever had? Love the refreshing flavors and elegant presentation. And it definitely kept my belly warm throughout dinner.  - Salmon Ahumado (Open-faced sandwich): Bite-sized toasted bread topped with the tastiest thick-cut smoked salmon, all drizzled with truffle honey. The perfect starter to our feast.  - Patatas Bravas: These are essentially glorified fingerling potatoes, but the dipping sauce made it special. Lightly fried and fun to eat.  - "Sunny side-up" Huevo: Juicy shrimp, crispy hashbrown potatoes, all mixed together with a yolky egg and spicy chorizo dressing. Yummy!  - Paella: I'm addicted to paella, and this dish was worth the wait. The portion is huge and can easily feed 3 people. I loved the flavor, and bf was dolloping that lemon aoli onto his plate. -1 only because our waiter did not remember to give us our leftovers!  - Churro Fantasia: Fresh sugary churros served with a decadent berry chocolate sauce. The perfect ending to our dinner.  Overall, a wonderful experience and my expectations were set pretty high! Do yourself a favor and make a reservation several weeks in advance. They do have a bar that serves the full menu, and yes it is first come first serve, but the tables are tiny and it would be difficult to fully enjoy all that food.  

                3.5 stars. Cocktails 5 stars.  Let's start with the $45 Paella. Rice underneath a pile of shrimp, clams, veggies. It did not blow me away and I didn't think it was that flavorful.  Next, the bagel bite looking uni (uni, bread, some type of ham) the uni was creamy and fresh but it was served on a semi hard circular bread which didn't add to the uni. I rather eat uni by itself.  Chicken coquette - hot cheesiness inside with thin strips of chicken was by far the best tapa of the night.  I went here during the thanksgiving break and the place was still very pack.   The service was great and the waitress was very charming and friendly. She came around with samples of quail eggs and ham and cheese on a sick for us to try.  My favorite cocktail there was the conquistador which reminded me of a carribean vacation.  

                Really lovely dinner date spot or for drinks with friends/coworkers after work. I love how rustic the restaurant feels. It gets pretty loud and packed, but it's still got a great vibe. If you sit at the bar area, you can see into the "kitchen" area which is a pleasant surprise. Coqueta is located along the Embarcadero, so a nice evening stroll after dinner is really romantic as well.  We ordered two hot and two cold tapas:  - Trio de Salchichas (grilled sausages glazed with isastegi cider, apple and mojo verde) - Pimientos de Padron (Roasted padron peppers with Jamón Serrano and sherry vinegar) - Ensalada de Kale (lacinato kale, roasted squash, fresh pomegranate and warm garbanzo dressing) - Ensalada de Achicoria (grilled chicory greens, granacha poached pear, sliced apple, and serrano ham vinaigrette)  For drinks, we ordered:   - The Castro (espolon tequila blanco, curacao, fino sherry and fresno pepper with lime) - Conquistador (nolets gin, anise tonic, apple-celery juice with a spiced fennel salt rim and lemon)  Both drinks were $13 (there mixed drinks range anywhere from $12-$19). I loved their drinks. The food was pretty good as well, but their drinks were really unique and I loved the flavors of both. I'd definitely come back again for their drinks!! The cocktails were absolutely amazing. 5-stars for the cocktails themselves! The tapas are elegantly presented, but there wasn't anything too memorable. One problem we had was with the service. Although we sat at the bar area...our waitress neglected us for a good chunk of time....while I understand the restaurant was busy, but we were at the front of the house.  

                Honestly after dining at bottega, Michael Chiarello's other restaurant in Napa I was a little bit disappointed.  The restaurant is Spanish tapas/small plates style with good cocktails and a decent selection of wines. It is very crowded and really loud. Service was overall pretty prompt.  My husband and I dined here for our second anniversary and I was hoping as the location is on the water that we would get some romantic setting which we really didn't. There weren't very many seats to be had that had window views at all. The atmosphere is trendy but the tall ceilings made it very loud. I husband ordered the Mojito which was nothing like a typical Mojito in all the best ways imaginable.i had the brut bubbly which was perfect. Once we were seated over 40 minutes late when we had a reservation we were crammed into a very tiny space. The table was centered so that the person seating along the fabric benched side of the table was seating in the crack. The waitress did help us move the table but there were only about 4 inches to move it. The sitting part of my dining experience wasn't lovely :/  Our dinner began with the fuet which was fantastic. We next received the Ensalada de Achicoria & Coliflor con Romescu- they were both good but the cauliflower dish was definitely our favorite. If I were dining there again I would probably only order the cauliflower dish. At coqueta they bring around small bite-size bites on Toothpicks called and pintxos.  We were only able to try to of them and one was decent the other was horrible.  One of the Pintxos- Tortilla de Espinacas - i'm so glad they only had 1left it was disgusting I wish Ihadn't taken a single bite  The Jamn  serano pinto- manchego & apricot- sherry conserva- pretty good  Next we were brought the octopus which had been recommended to us- I'm so glad it was! One of the best octopus I've ever had.   Duck & pork meatballs- they were a little sweet/ my favorite dish of the evening  Our last item of the meal was the Lubina a la Brasa which is served with the head & with a large wedge of grilled lemon, flake salt, & a green olive & preserved Meyer lemon salsa on the side with a little salsa on top. I I understand this concept however I felt like we were doing a lot of the dishes work by seasoning it. I understand that sometimes people like to season it to their own tasting but it actually got a little messy and I really would have preferred for the kitchen to season our fish. This was my husband's favorite dish of the night I wished we had stopped at the meatballs.  We chose churros for dessert & they were pretty good but not the best I've ever had. The berry powder was a nice touch. Overall, I'm giving them 3 out of 5 stars due to our wait on a Wednesday night, the noisy environment and the fact that all not all of their dishes were 100% spot on. Admittedly I am a bit spoiled by some amazing restaurants we have in the city. I would give them another try.  

                2ND ROUND (update)  My favorite place for tasty liberations and tapas. And the first time SUCKING SHRIMP BRAINS OUT OF THE HEAD!  BARCA GINTONIC ($13) - bloom London dry gin, fever tree tonic, grapefruit. The presentation is beautiful, tastes good and garnished with flowers. Highly recommend if you looking for something not too sweet.  HOUSE CURED BORQUERONES ($2.50/skewer) - white anchovies, olives, pearl onion, guindilla peppers. This was the tiniest skewer I had in my life but the tastiest. Flavorful to the palate, one can taste each layer and then the anchovy towards the end. Recommend if you want a quick bite of saltiness.  HUEVOS NACIONAL ($7) - devils eggs filled with spring pea, smoked pimento aioli, on pickled saffron potatoes and olive oil pouched bonito. Literally, how fancy can you get with a devils egg?! I've had many variations of a devils egg but nothing like this. We ordered another serving because it was very good. Highly recommend.  GAMBAS EL NEGRO ($14) - olive oil pouched head-on gulf prawns with black and garlic chilli sauce. WOW!!! This was the best dish of the night. The sauce drizzled over the prawns did not look anything special but it was. The was the shrimp was prepared was perfect, not under or over cooked. They say the shrimp head has all the juice and flavor. Was never my thing to peal my own shrimp, let alone, suck a shrimp head. I was missing out all my life. Shrimp head is SO good, it was packed with flavor. The texture reminded me of a very thin purée. The the color was a tan color. Highly recommend!!!!!!  "FANTASIA" de FIDEAU ($15) - puffed vermicelli with gulf prawns, crispy baby octopus, jamon gamba broth en gel, lemon aioli. This was also delicious, however the gulf prawns weren't as exciting as the Gambas el Negro. It was enjoyable to have more than one seafood in the dish. I actually enjoyed the crispy baby squid over the prawns, it picked up the other flavors and added a different flavor to the bite. Recommend.  ALBONDIGAS AL LA FERIA ($14) - grilled duck and pork meatballs with tart cherry and temprannilo salsa, and crispy shallots. Didn't take a bite, I don't eat duck. But from what I've heard, it's delicious!!!!   PULPO A LA PARILLA ($14) - wood-grilled octopus, fingerling potatoes, pimento olive oil. I'm more into baby octopus than regular octopus. I'm not into anything tentacles but this was a large tentacle. It was very soft to cut into and it has less flavor than a baby octopus but it was still good. Highly recommend.  Will I be back?! Yes!  Until the next review.....  

                The wife and I wandered into cocheta walking around on the piers. We did not want a heavy lunch, something light and tapas sounded excellent.   The ambiance is decent, the tables are close but not so close that an intimate conversation is not possible.   I got the vodka based cocktail which was okay - nothing to write home about.   We got the prawns as a small plate and they were nice. Not fantastic, Nice - esp the taste of the black garlic sauce.   The highlight was the fish which was grilled to perfection. It was delicious, breaking off into small bits and the seasoning on it was slightly spicy with a hint of lemon.  Cocheta is expensive though - perhaps not by SF standards.  

                I've been meaning to write this review for the longest time, but I've committed a Yelp felony (not reviewing as actively as I should), thus I shall now try to review all my new favorite spots that have been accumulating for quite some time.   Coqueta has got to be one of my favorite places to grab a drink in SF. Call me girly but I am a sucker for pretty little flowers garnishing my beverages. And it's not just aesthetically pleasing, the drinks taste good too.   The first time I came here was to catch up with a BFF for happy hour. I suggested we go to Coqueta after seeing an IG post of a flower drink. We both LOVED it. A lot of San Franciscans do too, it was jam packed on a Friday night. I ordered the Spanish Holiday, my friend ordered the "famous flower drink" which happened to be a gin & tonic (Coqueta version of course), and we shared a cheese platter. Afterwards, we also ordered a party pitcher between the two of us. After we completely devoured and drank every sip of everything, we paid ~$35-40 each (tax and tips included).   The second time I went to Coqueta, it was to get a quick bite just before my first ever Elite Event (yay!) which was just yesterday. Anyway, I couldn't figure out where to get a quick bite to eat and I really wanted that gin & tonic, so I had to come back. I got bite-sized items to go with my gin & tonic and I ended up ordering a Tariff too. Surprisingly, I think I like the tariff more. But it might be because I'm getting bored of gin tonics recently. I am a million percent certain that I will come to Coqueta again.   I cannot wait to try the food at the actual restaurant part, and the service is truly exceptional.  

                Yum. I can't begin to tell you what we had since it was a little bit of everything. Drinks on point. View spectacular. Vibe amazing and social. Interior purdy. Favorite item- dessert cheesecake popper with popcorn on the side. You'll thank me later.  

                KenScale: 8.0/10  Coqueta is a Spanish restaurant from chef Michael Chiarello. Since its opening, it has been considered one of the best newcomers, with authentic Spanish cuisine that had North California touch. I went on a Sunday brunch and agree that Coqueta is a very solid restaurant.  Any meal at Coqueta should start with pintxos, or bite-size skewers with various ingredients. I sampled all of the pintxos available, and all of them were tasty with a variety of ingredients from chorizo to anchovie to quails egg to pepper. You could tell that the North California focus on freshness of ingredients is also reflected in each bite. I proceeded to order a couple of tapas. "Sunny side-up" huevo with shrimp, crispy potato and chorizo dressing was a delicious dish that could work pretty well for brunch as well. I wished duck and pork meatballs were slightly less sweet, but there was nothing wrong with the absolutely crispy yellow cauliflower steak a la plancha accompanied by coal roasted romesco sauce. For the main dish, I had to try paella (serving 2-3 persons) that came with a variety of seafood, chorizo and broccolini. I was a fan of the hearty dish, with fresh shrimp and clams going very well with the bomba rice in jamon Serrano-shellfish broth. For dessert, apple pie with blue cheese ice cream, despite its intriguing combination, somewhat felt flat, but I liked the skewer of manchego cheesecake with caramel popcorn.  The restaurant, located nearby Pier 5, is a perfect place for a brunch on a nice sunny day, with a casual dining area where you can look at the open kitchen in action while also enjoying the view of the bay. I don't know how crowded the restaurant gets during dinner time, but getting a reservation for brunch wasn't too difficult. The restaurant has a full bar menu, and for brunch a glass of sangria is probably the way to go. Coqueta is definitely a worth place visiting for a taste of Spanish cuisine in the Bay Area.  

                Oh ma gawd...So good!  I went here last weekend and tried about 6 small plates, 1 dessert and 2 drinks per person (for two people). The waitress recommended a large dish and 5 small plates. I think that would have been way too much, but we luckily ordered just right.   Often disappointed with Sangria, this place pleasantly surprised me! And, they had fantastic ice cubes which I adore. How did I know it was good? Well, I proceeded or North Beach after and had some really crappy Sangria!   I'd recommend the cold salad tapas, meatballs and garlic prawns. Those were really to die for. The one bite skewers were OK, but not my fave, more like a mouth fulla cheese and meat (perhaps the veggie ones are best.) For dessert, we opted for the churros with chocolate and raspberry dippings! I had to ask my fiance to not drink the chocolate dipping sauce and try to maintain what dignity we had left after plowing through all the great food. Unconscious of my own food induced dreamlike state, I cheerily scooped up each bit of raspberry dust on plate, leaving none for him. :) He was very sad.  The atmosphere was also great and really consistent throughout and no detail was too small. I enjoyed sitting by the window looking out at the water. Great location for a date night with a late night stroll down the piers or a trek to North Beach after (just don't try to top the drinks you get at Coqueta-because it ain't gonna happen in North Beach honey.) :)  

                One of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco! I am obsessed. I have been missing tapas style dining ever since I came back from Spain and I finally found a restaurant that serves them.  Great spot to take visiting friends, going on dates, or catching up with co-workers, etc.   Though pricey, they have a wide selection of dishes that are all meticulously put together and presented beautifully.  If you have eyes bigger than your stomach...but then your stomach is kind of small.... this place is perfect.  You get to try multiple dishes that are pretty small so that you can have a bite of each.  Its great for sampling a variety of things.  I suggest going with a lot of people so you can try more!    We got the sunnyside up huevo, octopus, potatas bravas, churros and chocolate.   Everything was good.  The churros and chocolate aren't as traditional as I would've wished.  The chocolate isn't thick or dark enough like it is in Spain....but its still yummy!   Someone please help me find a cheaper tapas place.  

                4.5 stars.   This is a long overdue review, so I'll keep it short and to the point.   1. Michael Chiarello is unbelievably dreamy and yolked in person. He came by to chat and his hotness left me tongue-tied.   2. The cocktails are delicious and artfully presented.   3. REALLY good tapas. I did not have a single mediocre, let alone bad dish here.  4. Do not skip dessert! The churros and Manchego cheesecake pops are to die for!  I hope to see Chef Chiarello again when I return in the near future. He is truly a beautiful creature who cooks some bomb ass food. Swoon!!!  

                Coqueta has been on the top of my list for a long time now.  On a spontaneous sunny Saturday, we were walking our dog in the area and decided to stop by for a mid-day snack.  Since we had a dog with us, our only option was to sit outside at one of two available communal tables.  There were tons of bussers coming and going to refill water, but our server was nowhere to be found.  It took us almost 30 minutes to find our server so we decided to order everything at once, knowing they might not be back until we were ready to pay. [minus 1 star for slow service]  What we got:  Kalimotxo - Sangria mixed with coke and cinnamon that comes in a Spanish party pitcher.  The coke made it bubbly, which was a refreshing spin on the typical sangria.  Bite Sized Skewers - the menu says "offered at tableside", which we found out later, meant that they will pre-make a bunch of skewers and bring you the whole board to pick out the skewers you want.  I don't prefer it served this way, since I feel like the food isn't as fresh when it's been "chillin" on the board for who knows how long.  The 5 skewer options were: house cured boquerones, chorizo, jamon serrano, tortilla de espinacas, huevos de codorniz.  My favorite was  the tortilla de espinacas because the cana de cabra cheese was delicious.    Sunny Side-Up Huevo - this dish BLEW MY SOCKS OFF, we were shamelessly scraping the very last bits off the plate.  The dish comes with 4 medium sized shrimps, crispy potato strings, a sunny-side egg and chorizo dressing.  The chorizo dressing, which is basically chorizo oil with crumbled chorizo, really makes the dish.   After combining the egg and the potato, the dish is spicy marriage of flavors and textures.  Around 5pm, the sun was beginning to wane, and the pier suddenly got REALLY windy and cold.  My advice would be to find seating indoors if you're able to.  Overall, the food was pretty good, I wouldn't say the skewers lived up to the hype, but I'd come back for the egg dish.  

                Wonderful lunch experience at Croqueta!  First, I highly recommend you make a reservation at least three days prior to dining.  It can be difficult to get a seat here during busy times due to size constraints and overall popularity.  Seating can be difficult for parties larger than ten so keep that in mind for larger parties.  I loved the ambiance and location of Croqueta.  It's right off the Embarcadero near Pier 5 with great views of the city and Bay if you get a good seat and is a perfect place for any occasion from a date to a business meeting.    The restaurant is what I'd call a fusion Spanish Tapas style.  They have some traditional Spanish Tapas dishes but additionally some are fusion with elements of Asian and American cuisine.  The waitress suggested that each person order about 2-3 dishes however when we did this most people at our table did not feel this was enough food.  In reality, I'd recommend ordering between 4-6 dishes as some can be relatively small and won't fill you up for a full meal.  No complaints on the quality of the meal, it was absolutely delicious!  

                The city sounds. The romantic sights. A lighted bridge and beautiful nights. One lucky man.  The lovely date. Coqueta charm illuminates. Sittin' on the dock of the bay... Otis surely came here to play. A perfect start... their gin and tonic. Floral, artful, flavors harmonic. A glass or two so warm so fuzzy. Her soft creamy skin flushed n rosy. Octo. Calamari. Top two musts. Razor clams retired... my secret lust. Love, life, laughter, we're medicated. Not authentic, Paella overrated. Ribeye med rare. Juicy perfection. Skewers so cute but skip the selection. Colorful sippins. Seductive nibbles. Cozy date night? An easy riddle... Deep into her eyes... she captivates. Intimate, lively... Coqueta awaits.  

