                Crawdaddy always has been my favorite Cajun/seafood spot.  When I found out that they were going to open one in Milpitas, CA, I was happy that I did not have to drive to the San Jose shop anymore.  My first experience in the Milpitas one was a great one, I love the decor and atmosphere in this building.  Over 8 big flat screens is a bonus for sporting events especially.  I have never had a bad experience at Crawdaddy and love the owner and his team.  Keep up the good work and great quality of food.  Rating scale: 1-5 , 1 being lowest and 5 being highest   Decor - 5 (feels very modern and inviting) Service - 4.5 (very attentive and friendly) Taste - 5 (love the sauce and spice levels) Cost - 4.5 (cheap price for fresh seafood) Recommend place - definitely YES !!!!!!  

                Ate here on  Friday night with my boyfriend. Surprisingly they weren't that busy so we were seated after a 15 minute wait but once seated we didn't get any service for 20 minutes! No water or greeting whatsoever. Maybe they were understaffed that night but it just turned me off because they weren't busy.   Finally a waiter came by to ask if we were helped and then he proceeded to take our drink orders. I wanted an alcoholic beverage with vodka but they had no vodka which makes no sense for a restaurant that advertises that they have a full bar. I just went ahead and ordered one of their special mixes on the menu. We also ordered our foods right away because we didn't want to wait around any longer. However, we waited over 30 minutes to get our food. I never have been to any restaurant that would make me wait 20 min for water and a waiter and another 30-45 min for my food. I was so annoyed I wanted to leave but my boyfriend convinced me to stay.   The clams we ordered had no clams in the shell. My gumbo was tasty, just a tad too much rice for my liking. The Cajun fries were ok but not comparable to boiling crab. Our corn on the cob was soggy and tasted old. We were only satisfied with our two whole crab.   Pros: the place was clean with interesting decor and the waiter was nice and apologized multiple times for the delay and lack of service.   Cons: food needs to taste more fresh. The wait for service and food is horrendous.   Maybe I caught them on a bad night. I just expected more out of a restaurant with four stars on yelp. I don't intend on coming back not only due to the lack of service but my boyfriend and I felt sick later on in the evening into the following day. I'll just stick to being a boiling crab fan.  

                New location has much more space than their Story Rd location. Decor is modern with local art on the walls. TVs everywhere!!  Everything served here is top notch, but I highly recommend their signature dish, Crawdaddy Shrimp! Quality of seafood is so much better here than other places. In addition, they work really hard at ensuring dishes taste the way they should (not too salty!).   Come hungry and leave satisfied.   I would without a doubt come back here again (and again and again)!!  

                Yelp led me here for a Friday night dinner, and overall I was not displeased.   Right now, crawfish in a bag type of places are all the rage. Southern comfort food has expanded in a big way, and I'm not the one to complain. I'm not sure what the history of this building is, but I swear the restaurant felt like it was once a club or something. Huge space, with pillars and lots of room. You actually have a decent sized gap between tables! You don't see that too often.   Even though I've been to crawfish places before, I had never tried crawfish in my entire life, so I figured it was time. We ordered a pound of it with medium spice and some catfish as well. Medium spice? No bueno. Some people can handle their spice, but I can't. I couldn't feel my mouth for nearly an hour after dinner. However, minus the spice, the crawfish was pretty damn good! I was sure how to eat it, as I saw one woman sucking it like the world was about to end, but I decided to tear it apart with my hands and eat it slowly.   The catfish was decent, but nothing to write home about. I've had better fried catfish from many fine establishments. We also had a bloody Mary type of drink which was decent, but I'm not a huge bloody Mary drinker.   It's a nice place, but expect to get your hands dirty. Thankfully bibs are provided!  

                Real quick:  Food was okay. 3.5/5 Sauce toooo watery! Spiciness is reallly good, medium got me sippin on water couple of times. Sweet potato fries was barely hot, wish it was crispier, too stale!  Service 5/5 Very attentive and checked on us couple of times.  The place is sooo big, alot of seatings and TVs. Too bad when I came it was so dead, I guess they need time to grow since it's a new location.   I will come back if I'm in the area but boiling crab will always be my #1 :)  

                The decor was not what I would expect from a Cajun restaurant where you get down-and-dirty eating finger foods. It was spacious and modern with tons of TV screens resembling a sports bar cum dance hall. Non-stop techno-pop music that makes you want to get up and shake your booty.  Came here with a bunch of girlfriends and ordered a variety of dishes on the menu. Everything was delicious from their boiled Cajun seafood to the catfish and chicken wing appetizers. We got the medium level of spiciness and they were just right. Seriously the food is quite addictive.  The flavors were spot-on. This place is the bomb! I am heading back for more soon!  

                I wasn't impressed. The spices were good but I think the shrimp was tough. The crawfish were tiny. A waste of money and the work to get a nibble.  

                Split some food with some friends but from what I remember I am a fan of the gumbo and the Cajun fries. I have been wanting to come back to either try those again, or the fried catfish with Cajun fries.   I also had some shrimp with corn and sausage at the hot level of spiciness. The sauce was very liquidy so it was kind of hard to get the sauce to stick to your shrimp before you bit in, but man the "hot" was HOT! The limes provided to us were also pretty bitter.   Anyways, not a fan of the shrimp, but will come back for the other dishes. Good service too :). Very clean and roomy inside as well.  

                Came here today for crawfish but was told it wasn't in season. So my friend and I ordered 2 lb of clams and 2 lb of shrimps in medium spicy. Only a few shrimps were hard to peel. The sauce was a bit salty and medium was quite spicy for us. Clams weren't as big as the one location in San Jose. We also ordered Cajun fries (generous portion and crispy) and the bloody bayou (delicious and could taste alcohol).  Maybe it was a Tuesday, but we were the only customers there. Very spacious place with full bar.  

                This is probably the fanciest Cajun restaurant I've ever been to. It's located in a more "hidden" plaza in Milpitas. If I weren't coming here, I wouldn't have known that there's such a place in Milpitas. But that's beside the point. The parking lot is of a decent size and it is pretty easy to find parking (at least when I went).  My friends and I came super early for dinner at around 5pm. We definitely beat the crowd because we were the first ones here. We were greeted immediately and were seated quickly with menus in front of us. Since we've been to different Cajun restaurants before, we kind of already knew what we were going to order so it didn't take too long for us to decide. We ended up getting three pounds of shrimps (two pounds with medium spiciness and one pound with mild spiciness), battered catfish, sweet potato fries, and Cajun fries. I was kind of disappointed that they didn't have garlic noodles. They also only have one set sauce and just different spice levels.   I was definitely excited when I saw our food coming. They looked delicious! But looks could be deceiving. The sauce, in my opinion, was too watery. I definitely like the heavier and thicker sauce from Kickin' Crab. The taste for the sauce, to the least, was decent and it does have that kick. I do agree with the fact that the medium was kind of spicy, but it was bearable, for me at least (my friends, not so much). The shrimps themselves were decent and the sauce didn't really enhance the taste of the shrimps. The battered catfish was okay, but was too salty. My initial impression when I took my first bite was that it was delicious. But when I took another bite later, it was too salty. However, both the Cajun fries and sweet potato fries were pretty decent. It's kind of sad that the fries were better than the shrimps themselves, in my opinion. One good thing I think is that since the sauce is watery, it's easier to take in more shrimp since the sauce wasn't thick and you're not easily full from it.  The service was very great though. The server came by every now and then to refill our waters and to check how we were doing. The food was just okay. It wasn't bad or anything, but it just didn't meet the hype in my opinion. But the service is definitely great.  From all the great reviews I've been seeing, I guess people do like this place. I guess it's worth a try if you're in Cajun styled seafood. Maybe this is your cup of tea because this definitely isn't mine. So sorry, I probably will not be back.  

                I usually go to their San Jose location, but since I'm a big fan of Crawdaddy, I had to come to this location too. I like how they have a full bar at this location, they even have a room for private event. The place is clean and servers were overall pretty friendly, they usually check on tables once a while to make sure everyone gets what they need.   Henry is our favorite server and we "know" him from the San Jose location - it's always good to see familiar faces. We came to this location a few times and usually order the same, 3lbs of crawfish and 1lb of shrimps in mild because I can't handle too spicy food. Now, I don't understand why people always compare Crawdaddy to Boiling Crab; I admit that Boiling Crab's shibang sauce is very tasty, but who knows how much stuff they put in there because every time I eat there, I get pimples the next day and they serve frozen crawfish.  To me, if the seafood is refresh, you don't need tons of sauce because fresh seafood has its own sweetness to them; just garlic and butter or even olive oil would do. Crawdaddy's crawfish never failed me, it's fresh every time or they won't even serve it. Yes, they might be small in sizes right now because it's not in season, but at least not dead/frozen ones.   So it's really depends on how you like your food to be prepared and if you're a heavy taste eater; to me, tons of seasoning is not equal to good. I'm liking this location so far, I just wish they are more closer to my house; saving 1 star for improvement (the 2nd visit took them too long to get a check/bill and to get my card back).  

                Went here on a Friday night. No wait, but most of the stuff we ordered werent available or they ran out. Hurricane: no vodka, no oysters, no deep fried oysters, no blue moon! Shouldnt they have everything stocked especially on a friday night.   We got fries and catfish: fries and catfish were cold had to send it back. Then 3 different waiters were giving us food that we didnt order. It was just confusing. I dont think we would ever go back.  

                I came here last night around 7pm with a friend. These were my thoughts all throughout dinner:  1) Whoa, the exterior and interior looks really nice. 2) Why are there only 5 other customers... 3) Hmm, reminds me of boiling crab and kickin crab. But not much variety. 4) Whoa, the fries are thick. 5) Seriously, why is this place so empty? 6) What's behind those blue curtains....? 7) Hm, the waiters and waitresses are really nice. 8) The sauce is really watery.......... 9) The shrimp look plump. 10) Meh.  

                Came here last week to check out the new crawdad joint. Walked in to find a club like setting. Lots of room and a full bar. Definitely not your standard "fisherman's wharf" decor. We came early so plenty of space and only a few patrons enjoying their bag of seafood.  Lets get to the food. No combos here. Seafood is per pound at "market prices"  Add on sausauge, corn, potatoes are priced per piece. I find that places that offer the combo's are more convenient to order and the pricing is more consistent. Here you have to ask your server what the per pound price is today and then what? Complain that it's unreasonable? You are a bit stuck.  We didnt order any crawdad's but opted for the shrimp. The shrimp were large and not overcooked. Very nice since alot of places tend to over cook and the shrimp is a shriveled mess. Only one sauce to choose from but be warned, the medium is very spicy. If you can't handle much heat, just go with the mild. Sausage is standard. Corn really absorbed the spicy aspect of the sauce so the flavor was drowned out by the heat. Also ordered clams that came in a separate bag and that was way too salty. It was not good at all.   We also ordered the Bloody Bayou. Their version was delicous. I am a big fan of bloody mary's so this one was executed well. Lots of alcohol to choose from so have at it.  Service was nice. Then again, it was slow. Cant comment how it would be when it is packed.   In conclusion, the sauce is really too salty for me and not enough depth.  3.5 stars joint.  

                Visits: 1st here (numerous times @ Story Rd) Rating: 5* Service: Excellent  Bigger & better. Huge space, plenty of tables. Also rumoured to be a lounge at night. Will have to stop by at night to check out the crowd.  Same great crawfish, catfish, shrimp & crabs. Delicious!  

                I love the fact that Crawdaddy always keep their food and service consistent compare to other Crawfish joints. I've been coming to Crawdaddy for years and I'm glad that the business is growing everyday. I'm so glad they've opened one near my house, it makes it so much easier for me to just take the inside way to get here. I love the environment and how they have a bar with many more TVs.   I'd highly recommend everyone to come and give it a try!  

                The service is good. Everyone is very nice and I use to think attentive until today. But reviews are mainly on food so ... The food is just not enough to keep me coming back. I can't believe they serve the oysters they serve. It's huge and tastes disgusting. I'm so surprise they serve this to anyone. A dozen oysters for $19.99. Pricey for oysters we didn't even eat. The seafood sauce is okay. But with all these other spot popping up, Crawdaddy doesn't stand the chance. Their sauce is lacking Cajun flavor and who knows what else. I can make their sauce at home. The fries are the bigger ones so it's not crispy. No Bueno. The chicken wings are the only things that are delicious! It's the ones from the food truck's wholesale. Can't mess with them, yumm.  

                I know they recently opened this location, with their first location in San Jose. But in comparison, I would say this location is by far better!  The food tastes better and the employees are more customer oriented.  If you're a seafood lover, and you visit BC and Kickin' Crab, this is definitely a place to try out.  The flavor has a great kick and spice to it, and if you loveeee spicy--this is the place to go! My family was sniffling from how spicy it was, and we only got medium!!  Very spacious location, has a lot of floor coverage but little tables.   Unfortunately, if you are one of those people who love shrimp and finger foods, but you don't want to get your hands dirty, they do not carry gloves. Either bring your own or deal with it.   TRY THIS PLACE! Cause I'm definitely coming back for more!  

                I came here about a week ago with my family and since we were a larger group, it took a little longer to get a table to accommodate us since most of the tables inside the restaurants were made for groups of 4. The interior is quite spacious with nice decor & multiple TVs if you're into watching sport games they have playing.   I've eaten here once before so I was familiar with the menu, they only have one set sauce with different levels of how spicy you want it. My sister and I got a 1lb of shrimp & 1lb of crawfish and Cajun fries to share.  The sauce is very watery in consistency when compared to other restaurants (BC/Kickin) and the sauce didn't do much in terms of flavoring the seafood. The fries needed more cajun seasoning and they're a thicker cut so not as crispy as I'd like.   The service was good, our waitress was attentive & patient with our large group so no complaints there. I wouldn't mind coming back, I wish there were more sauce options other than the set one but maybe I would try something else on their menu next time. Overall not bad if you don't want to drive to BC in SJ or go through a ridiculous wait time at Kickin Crab.  

                This Milpitas Crawdaddy location is really big!  The food is awesome!!!  This is my 10 + time I'm here.   1.  Service here is quick  2. Nice, clean, bigger restrooms  3. Full bar- Love it!!  My favorite is their oyster, it's fresh and taste so delicious..  They do it right, fresh and the best!!!  

                When I heard that a Crawdaddy opened up in Milpitas, I had to check it out. Overall, not as good as Kickin' Crab or Boiling Crab; most likely won't be coming back because Kickin' Crab is just a few blocks away.  PROS - Really fresh seafood - Great sides (sweet potato fries, chicken wings) - Mild is just the right spiciness for me (I have a low tolerance for spicy) - They have crab, lobster, and oysters too - Full bar  CONS - Only sauce is cajun garlic butter, which is bland and not exciting, which was a big deal to me since you can just make that at home - Corn is 70 cents extra per cob - When I went, they did not have wipes, saying they ran out! What restaurant runs out of supplies in the middle of the month? Especially for dinner!  

                Same great taste like the location off Story Road. Its spacious and had a clean feel to it. I didnt feel sticky like boiling crab. Biggest crawfish in the area!  

                YES! So happy they opened another location closer to me (very very close to Great Mall).  Came here over the weekend with mamabear and the place was pretty much empty. I guess not a lot of people know about this joint yet, but I will cherish these moments before word gets out.  The other reviews are true -- the sauce is more "watered down" compared to the other  cajun/creole places, but PLEASE understand that this does not mean that it doesn't taste good. It's all preference! I personally prefer the thinner, more liquid-y sauce as opposed to that thick oily sauce. The key is to ask for a spoon and scoop with each bite :) I definitely don't get the sodium-overload-i-need-to-drink-1gallon-of-water-­now after effect like the other places. The seafood is fresh here, ya'll!  Service is great. Tina was very sweet and patient with us. She came to check on several times asking if we need anything and if everything going okay. Also, it seems like they have designated water runner... uhhhhh, AWESOME. My h2o was refilled every time it went down an inch, haha.  I will definitely be back here to get my shrimp fix.  

                So, I absolutely loved their original place in San Jose...I use to go there all the time, until they opened up Kickin' Crab.  Coming to the new Milpitas location wasn't as great of an experience as I expected.  Although the location is bigger, their service and food quality has gone down.  I also don't think the more upscale look fits the type of food you're eating.  I'm coming to get down and dirty.  No, I don't want to eat in a dirty place of course, but I like the smaller more intimate location.    As for the food... I ordered 1lb of shrimp with medium spice.  DID THEY CHANGE THEIR SAUCE?!  Again it has been a while since I've been to their other location, but I feel like the sauce is much less flavorful as before.  It's just a butter sauce with your added spice level.  I also ordered their fried fish with Cajun fries which was recommended by they server.  It was just OK.  There was too much cornmeal on the fish which I don't like because it takes away from the flavor of the fish.  They give you large pieces of fish which is nice, if it tasted better.  Though I ordered the fish with Cajun fries, they came out with regular fries, so we told the server.  Instead of just brining us a new batch of fries, she asked us to remove the fish from the basket, took the basket of fries and brought it back with seasoning on top so they tasted horrible and were soggy.    We didn't see our server after we got our food unless we asked for her.  She didn't refill our water, ask us if we wanted anything else.  We had to flag someone down each time.  There were a lot of workers in there, I'm just not sure what they were doing.  Their customer service needs work.  I will not be coming back here.  I will stick to Kickin' Crab.  

                This was my first time eating crawfish and was not overly impressed. I got the hot, which was a perfect spice level for me. I added the corn and sausage.  Corn was good, the sausage was about 1/3 of a link...so not sure why there wasn't more. I finished 1lb and was still hungry enough to eat a cup of gumbo. Gumbo was average.   4 stars because it is a nice atmosphere,  reasonable prices and very friendly/fast service.  

                So glad this location opened! Crawdaddy is my favorite out of all the places in SJ! I like it here because the sauce is more like a broth compared to the other places.  Some say it's too watery but to me it's more like soup because there is still a lot of flavor in it.  I don't like how thick and oily the sauces are at the other places.  Food taste and quality seem to be the same as the other location on Story (so glad I don't have to drive that far anymore!).  Also tried the fried catfish which comes with crinkle cut fries (I opt out of Cajun seasoning since I don't like the flavor).  It comes with 4 humongous pieces of fried fish.  The breading is good but there is not much of a catfish flavor, it just feels like I'm eating a piece of regular fried fish.  Probably would not get again though it is a good value if you are already planning on getting fries.    New location is in a plaza that doesn't seem to have much else so it was pretty dead when I went.  Inside décor is very nice and clean, tons of tables that are spaced out and aren't squished together.   Lots of TVs and had a full bar as well. The menus is the same as the other location with the exception of specialty drinks they have here.  The service was great when we came for dinner!  

                It has a different vibe than most crawfish places I've been to (i.e Boiling Crab and Ray's in Fremont). The tables are spaced out more, and the ceiling is a little higher so it feels more open. But I did go on a Thursday night at 8pm  We got crawfish & shrimp in the whole shabang sauce? I think we got mild level of spice, and it was pretty spicy for my taste. It was good, comparable to other crawfish places I've been to.   We also got oysters that were fresh! The rice portion was smaller than I expected.  

                Love this CF place! Fresh Crawfishes and crabs  Ordered extra spicy/fire crawfish, mild clams and crab. and a Shot of Remy XO!  

                This second Crawdaddy location is awesome!  The food is awsome!!!  We went on Saturday afternoon for the grand opening and we were not disappointed!  This location is much bigger than the original.  The three biggest differences of each location is:  1.  Service here blows the original outta the water  2. Nice, clean, bigger restrooms  3. Full bar  Service and the restrooms are the only two negatives about the original location.   Crawdaddy is still my #1 spot for crawfish. I live closer to many other restaurants that specialize in cajun seafood boil and I always find my way back to Crawdaddy when I am in the mood for a few pounds of crawfish.  They do it right, fresh and the best!!!    I'm so happy to have a Crawdaddy just a little closer to home.  

                17 people in front of us at Kickin Crab? Boy if you don't....! Lol, ended up yelping another cajun place and came across Crawdaddy. Tired of boiling crab all the time, so decided to head here. Called ahead to ask how long the wait would be and the girl over the phone said there was no wait and she would be happy to take us right away. Arrived, and our waitress and hostess were crazy nice and sweet. Ordered a lb of shrimp, and all the sauces, a corn, not hot. Their sauce is VERY different than a typical cajun spot. It's very thin like water, with lots of garlic, which gives it a kick. But it's SO GOOD! Drowned my rice with that shit. Hella good. It was very subtle and was just perfect. Shrimps were nice and plump. The corn wasn't that good though ...nothing beats boiling crab corn. Good service, spacious, modern, and yummy food.  

                Cool new spot in Milpitas for all you Cajun crawfish lovers!  I love the crispy fried catfish and sweet potato fries, raw oysters, and gumbo. But my favorite is the succulent juicy live crawfish with a side of garlic butter, lime, s&p plus a dash of the sauce it comes in! I can literally slurp it with a ladle and enjoy it on a winter day.  Lol  They also have a full bar.. so request a drink and the bartender will whip it up :)  

                Best Cajun Seafood in the Bay Area!!  This location is a great extension of the original Crawdaddy Restaurant in San Jose with a more modern feel and way more spacious!  Additions: Full Bar Ten HD TVs  Larger booth style tables for big parties  VIP room  Favorite foods: Boiled crab Boiled clams Sweet potatoes fries  Bloody Bayou signature drink  

                I visited this location for the first time this evening! My go-to for cajun food is their location in San Jose. I'm thoroughly impressed with this spot! The decor was very nice, almost had a loungey feel to it. There was also a lot of space to move around vs the other location where there is barely any space. I also liked that there was no wait to get in where I would have to wait over an hour on average on a Saturday evening. Also, the San Jose spot only has one single-person ladies room whereas this spot had 3 or 4 stalls with a couple of sinks. And finally, their customer service was on point as well! Just as good as the other location, if not better, and there food was super fresh as always. Even though I live closer to the San Jose location, I think this may be my new spot!  

                Delicious!  I agree with some other reviewers that this place has a unique "light"-er Cajun seafood sauce than other places like Boiling crab or Kicking crab -- but that's what makes this place just so damn tasty.   The sauce is not overwhelmingly oily, thick, or goopy like other places. And the spice level on medium was perfect and even a bit of a buildup of spicyness as you keep eating.  I recommend the raw oysters too here, but the shrimp and fried catfish are also a must-have. You can get 1 catfish piece for $2 and it's a decent size too. Only complaint is that I wish they served potatoes here too but they only have corn and sausage.  Also the service was great!   Overall, RECOMMEND  

                My favorite crawfish place closer to home? Win!   The service is friendly and fast! The place is newly remodeled and has an awesome chill vibe. High tables, low tables and booths are available. This location also has an awesome bar! Big flat screens to enjoy the game on with an iced cold beer!  Love the food as always. Overall food, service and ambiance is equally as awesome as the first location! Come out and enjoy some crawfish and catfish! Oh, some awesome drinks too!  

                Love this place! Their sauce isn't too greasy or buttery like at Kickin' or Boiling Crab. The flavor is spot on, their food is so fresh, Cajun fries are really spicy and their sweet potato fries are delish!  

                Wow, crawfish prices have really gone up! Maybe it's cause it's not crawfish season but the batch we had were really soft and mushy. The sauce is ok, not as flavorful as Boiling Crab but not as heavy either. Usually not as crowded as Boiling Crab, so if you're craving for some crawfish and don't want to wait too long, this is the place.  

                Came here on a spontaneous date night and it turned out to be pretty ok.   The location is a little weird but it has a great environment. The people there are so friendly, inviting and very patient. I ordered the chicken tenders and cajun fries and shared a pound of shrimp with my boyfriend. The portion for the chicken tenders were pretty large and the fries were seasoned really well. We were a little disappointed with the shrimp though. It seemed like we got less than a pound. The taste was alright, it was a little watered down. The sauce didn't seem to stick to the shrimp. But I did use the extra sauce for my fries and it really bumped up the flavor.   This place was good and the people were great! Wouldn't mind going again.  

                Food is Good  and exact same taste as thier other location in San Jose .price the same .inside is bigger and more fancy has more space .service is great as well .i would go again and again  

                So, this was my first time at the new Crawdaddy location. I love the first one but thank God they opened one closer to my house. The crawfish is always on point; they serve it fresh, always. If it's not fresh, they won't sell it at all.   We started off with  1/2 dozen oysters, after, we had a pound of crawfish, a pound of clams and a whole dungeness crab. All were very fresh and delicious, however, a little bit on the salty side.  But it was no problem after our server, Nicole (I believe was her name), took it back to the kitchen for us and fixed the salty problem. Kudos for that.   As for the cocktails, I absolutely loved the hurricane.   Overall, I give it 4.5 stars, (but we'll go ahead and round it up) for a great dining experience.  

