                Great burgers, pies, and shakes. I go there frequently and is my favorite place to go for a delicious burger. The staff is excellent and extremely kind as well!  

                If you only have cash and you don't mind not being able to order French fries with a juicy quality burger, then Dave's Giant Hamburgers is the place to go in Fairfield.  You can order your hamburger or cheeseburger with raw or grilled onions and it comes standard with shredded lettuce, ripe tomatoes, mustard and mayonnaise.   It was one of the better burgers that I've had and it was ok that they don't have fries because they are big enough to fill you up on their own.  

                A few years ago I would've given this place five stars, but the quality has definitely gone a little downhill in my recent visits.  Firstly, I don't think my burger was seasoned at all. Not even salt. Maybe they just forgot. Secondly, my bun must have been old, because my first bite tore the bun completely in half.   I'll continue coming here, if only for nostalgia. It's too bad, because this used to be my spot on a weekly basis.  

                Nothing special about this place, I've had better burgers. Small whole in the wall,  cash only, no public bathrooms. The burger was pretty simple & pricey, they don't sell fries only chips (disappointed). I'll spend my money elsewhere.  

                Really good juicy greasy burgers, love the thick-ass American cheese they use too. I get the double meat double cheese because I'm out of F-Ing control. They don't have fries, so get more meat! My only complaint? No pickles. I like pickles dammit.  

                Wow! I ordered my usual cheeseburger. All I could taste was mayo and a different cheese. THEY CHANGED THE CHEESE! That was what made their cheeseburgers great. Now it taste like a cheaper version of American cheese. Dave must be rolling over in his grave. The meat was not seasoned well and tasteless and I had it cooked med-well for extra browning. I've been eating there since 1966, so I do know the difference.  

                LOVE!! Another favorite of mine! Been coming here since I was a kid, I love this place!!  

                First off I would like to say they don't have fries BUT the burger gigantic you serious don't need the fries.   That being said I'm obsessed with their burgers! Best burger over ever had.    Whenever someone ask me where I want to go eat this is the first place that comes to mind, and every time I tell them this is the best burger ever after trying it they all have to agree  

                So ... This is the first time my husband and I tried this burger spot. We've been by it a time or two and have seen how busy they were. Busy! Busy! I've yelped burger spots around, and believe me we've been to numerous burger joints and Dave's Giant Burgers is the place for a great burger!!!!! And you WILL NOT MISS THE FRIES!! The young ladies there were amazing. They were very friendly and courteous! We are in love with Dave's Giant Burger!! We will definitely be back. Great service. Thanks ladies!!! #davesburgersrocks #foodcoma  

                how you not gonna sell fries wit your burgers???? That  Dont make no damn sense. Thats like a PBJ sandwich with out the jelly. They go hand and hand. Another thing i  didnt like is that they only take cash. C'mon now man its 2015. Get ya shit together yall losin out on buisness. Burger was cheezy and juicy. But tasted like one of dem frozen patties you buy at costco. Plus they put a gallon of mayo on my burger. i like mayo but dayum i aint trying to be swimmin in the shit. Overpriced and overhyped for the quailty i got.  

                I'm not much of a burger fan but when the fiancé is craving one here is the only place I will go! The burgers are delicious! And I'm a sucker for the milkshake s! So many flavors to choose from and the drink sizes are HUGE! Please keep in mind that it is cash only, but there is a ATM inside and they DO NOT serve fries there.  

                Seriously the best burgers around!! Their cheeseburgers put most burger joints to shame! Their only downfall is that they do not have fries, but, I'm in LOVE with their amazing burgers so I will just deal with it! Lol  

                This place is good, they lack french fries as other reviewers have stated.. but the burger is so good and filling that you don't need them.  That said, I would prefer the option to have fries so I have to take one star off.  The burgers are five star!  The restaurant is very small so don't plan on bringing a large group here.  

                My bf and I had went here earlier this week. I had told him stories about their delicious burgers and about high school days when the kids left campus just to eat here.  The young ladies there are very good with the cook times as they made my burger exactly how I wanted it. We both enjoyed our burgers and shakes very much. I'm not much of a fry person, but my bf and and was a bit disappointed to learn they didn't sell them, but indulged himself with a peach pie instead.  The burgers are super juicy and topped perfectly.  Or bottomed I suppose, as I never understood why some burger joints put the veggies on bottom, I always thought that was weird.  

                Always been the best spot in Fairfield for a burger since the early 90s  when DAVE was still around. Hasn't changed a bit. If you're from around you already know what time it is, can't go wrong at all. Burger, chili and a shake my favorite combo  

                My husband and I wanted to eat burgers n fries before going home and they don't have FRIES.  I cant believe they have mo fries!!!!  Burger was just ok. Nothing to special.  My burgers at home are so much better than here.  Dont go here and im not coming back. We went to McDonald's to get fries. We should of just went In & Out in the 1st place for less money includes fries n drinks  

                If you're craving a juicy burger, cooked to your desired done-ness. Search no more. I've been coming to this place off and on for over 10 years for good reason. I've never, ever had a bad meal here. The milkshakes are kinda small, but the burgers sure aren't. I made the mistake or ordering a double cheeseburger on one of my first visits thinking 'I'm sooo hungry'. Little did I know, a behemoth of meat and cheese was in my future. There was so much deliciousness, it ended up being 2 meals for me. Not a bad thing either!  The burgers are cooked right in front of you on a flat top grill and come out kinda greasy, but delicious. The cheese is sliced thick and melts to perfection. My order here is a cheeseburger, cooked to medium with both grilled and ungrilled onions (you have a choice of either) and mustard. You won't even miss the fries. They also have grilled cheese if you're not down with delicious meat, or just really like a G.C. here and there.   If you have room afterwards, the pie is worth a taste too. Usually they'll have at least 4 or more pies in the case to choose from. Can't go wrong with those either.  Only 3 tables and a bar with stools inside with a few more tables outside under a covered patio. They can get slammed at lunch time so try to come early. Very popular spot!  

                I am not impressed with this place. The burgers were ok...but overpriced. And the banana milkshake (also overpriced) was not made with fresh bananas...it was artificially flavored. I won't be going back. Monsoon Burger is within walking distance and sooooo much better. And they have fries at Monsoon!  

                My rating should be 4.5 stars just because they don't serve fries and I love fries, but other than that I am totally sold.  They take their time making a great juicy burger with a little something special.  I can't put my finger on it, but maybe its...love.  haha.  Anyway, nice people, and friendly atmosphere.   I heard their shakes were delicious and will have to try one next time.  

                Bring cash. No fries. But burgers are fresh and tasty. Meat is fresh. Buns are soft. Milkshakes hit the spot and the people are so nice. Definitely coming back.  My mouth waters just thinking about the burger. Yum!  

                You don't need fries or bacon to justify how delicious the giant cheeseburger is. Adding them is unnecessary for this place. All you need is either a soda or milkshake to satisfy your burger cravings here and perhaps some pie if your burger ain't enough. The burger is well seasoned with the grilled onions and cheese. They also add a lot of mayo, so if you don't like it, you can always request for none. However, without the mayo the burger would lose it's authenticity. Be aware that this place only accepts cash and there are no public restrooms, so if you have to wee, you have to go somewhere else. Overall, fantastic customer service I felt very comfortable and welcomed to their place! I'll be back soon!  

                I've lived in fairfield my entire life and basically grew up on this during high school. This place only takes cash and sorry folks no fries, but that doesn't do anything when the star of the establishment is the burgers! The shakes are pretty well worth it and they'll let you combine any flavor your heart desires. Didn't really think much of this place because I mean it's literally a Fairfield thing, but my boyfriend is really infatuated with burgers and this place is on his top to eat list when he's in town. He's a huge in&out fan so he even prefers this over that. Burgers are pretty juicy and flavorful. It's a simple burger cooked right, no gimmicks, no special sauce, special flavoring, special machine to cook burgers in, nothing. The only thing I don't care for is the chili burger, again that's just my preference it's a little too messy and everywhere.  

                Excellent service. Fast, fresh and not expensive like Ive heard on here. I got a cheeseburger and soda for 8 and change. For the most part, in life, you get what you pay for. Here, I think you get more ;) GREAT burger  

                Hamburger was very good -- but I like them a bit greasy!  Very nice people. No chicken/turkey burgers, no rest room. Wife will never come back! Somehow I thought that every restaurant needed a rest room.  I won't be back either.  

                When I was younger I used to hate Dave's because they didn't serve fries. I must admit, I'm still a little butt hurt that they don't but their burgers are more than enough. I don't eat at Dave's often because they are a little greasy for my taste but when I want to pig out I head here. I surprise my brother with a cheeseburger when I'm feeling nice. I haven't tried their shakes yet but their menu looks promising.  

                Best burger spot in solano county, maybe even the bay area to me. Juicy burger, medium rare! Grilled onions flavored with the meat juice, and melted cheese with the perfect bun  They don't sell fries because they don't need it. It's a burger spot, not a fries spot. Once u finish the burger you feel done! Milk shakes are good 4/5 though but it's huge and filling. 10 bucks for burger and milk shake! You won't regret it.  I go there once a week and I live in Benicia !  

                I know alot of people who love this burger joint. Me... Im not a fan... the burgers taste off. could never put my finger on it but wasnt a big fan. Their shakes are great!  

                Best. Burgers. Ever.  If you're looking for fancy, go someplace else.  If you're looking for fries to take up room in your tummy, this is not the joint for you.  But if you want a giant, juicy, flavorful, cooked-the-way-you-want-it (cheese)burger, Dave's is it.  You're not going to get bacon (which I love) or avocado (which I love) or pickles (which I love) or a special sauce or anything else that other places are putting on their burgers that may hide the fact that their product just can't match the yummy goodness of Dave's burgers.  You will get mayo, lettuce, and tomatoes, plus onions (raw and/or grilled)--basic at its absolute best.  My wife and I come here several times a year because we have family in the area.  We wish we could come every week, though we have made the hour-and-a-half drive a few times JUST to come to Dave's.  Totally worth it.  

                Dave's hamburgers are the single greatest thing in the entire world! If you don't like dave's hamburgers I hope you die a slow and painful death, you will never be good enough and your family does not love you! Also you were probably adopted...  

                I don't know what it was but today Dave's Giant Hamburger was calling my name. When I got to the register I ordered the cheeseburger and a water and then had a seat at the counter. There is something so great about being able to see your food being made. This place doesn't offer fries, but it makes sense since all the effort is put into the burger. The first bite out of my burger I knew I was hooked. I have been here before, but today felt different. The burger was juicy and the cheese melted as I was eating it.   I know I will be back for another. Just remember they only take cash. On my way out the waitress said "Thank you, Victor", how many times do you hear that after leaving a place. This is a gem located in Fairfield and I am glad to have stopped in again.   Two thumbs up Dave's!  

                Bring cash! And a big appetite. Burgers are made in front of you. So are the shakes, omg it's so filling. Fresh juicy and full of flavor. Every time is just as good as the last. Wish they accepted cards but it's a small place. Small groups are okay but I wouldn't recommend more than five. They do take out so that's a plus, and phone ins for rushes.  

                Aaaaaamazing burger!!!! I don't know what else to say.... I mean perfectly cooked, seasoned, the bread and the meat are also very good quality, and i havent seen a thicker slice of cheese on a burger, the grilled onions i thought wouldnt be all that good but oh man they just make it even more perfect...  I don't know how monsoon burgers across the street has the same amount of stars as this but let me tell you, if you're looking for an amazing burger... Then look no more... You've found it...  Believe me, I thought not having fries would be a problem... You'll change your mind.. :)  

                Great hangover burger! Juicy, lots of cheese, and make sure to get the grilled onions!  

                I could make burgers this good at my house. The only thing they may have going for them is the pies. Also, they do not have fries or restrooms for paying customers. I wouldn't recommend this place.  

                this place is great. great service and the food is awesome. i love the coffee. i always come here while i wait for my car to be serviced next door at big o tires.   5 stars =)  

                Was pretty pleased after eating here. It's just a bummer that there's no fries.  

                Dave's Giant Hamburger offers everything you'd ordinarily desire in a hamburger.  The patty is freshly-made, the toppings are plentiful and the finished product itself is nothing short of perfection.  Maybe in a parallel universe, where Dave's would offer french fries and  an alternate method of payments, would this place be the ultimate burger joint.  Until then, these minor inconveniences only serve as star-docking fodder.    For what it's worth, what Dave's does, they do exceptionally well.  As mentioned earlier, the patty is very juicy and achieves full flavor with minimal seasoning.  Their milkshakes are top-notch, they offer an innumerable amount of flavors, which are all great in their own right.  They also have a decent selection of pies, none of which I had the pleasure of trying.  Overall, a can't miss spot in Fairfield.  

                I've been grabbing a burger here my entire life and they are by far the best in town. If you're in the mood for a great burger definitely stop by. You won't be disappointed.  

                What no fries!!! My girls love the burgers but I thought they were okay at best. For the money, I'll go to Burger King.  

                Only thing missing is fries. Great burger and friendly employee's. If they had fries they would've got 5 stars.  

