                This place is a gem. I came here regularly when I lived in Concord and I'm sure to stop by now when I'm in town. I wasn't alive back in the "Good Ol' Days" but I'm sure people who use that expression would enjoy eating here.  The wait staff is extremely friendly. Not "extremely friendly" like a robot drone banker at Wells Fargo, but rather they are authentic and they listen to you. They will make suggestions and help you with the menu, and they're patient. They are all good at what they do.  As for the food...it's pretty tasty. Portions are very reasonable and the food comes out quickly no matter how busy they are. The breakfast menu is tasty but I recommend the burgers. The Coffin Burger is a beast but well worth the struggle.  The owner even makes his way around, cleaning tables and greeting the guests. Really nice guy.  

                I've been coming to Diggers for over five years now and I LOVE this place.  I order from them two or more times a week and the staff is always awesome.   Here's a run down on my menu favs:  Bacon Breakfast Sandwich - I get lite hashbrowns for me.  3 Egg Full Breakfast - hashbrowns extra crispy with Bacon.  Bacon and Blue Cheese on Sourdough - I like mine without mustard. Turkey and Cheddar Melt - Loaded with turkey. Seriously.  Bacon and Cheddar Cheese Burger - Nice and juicy. Funnel Cake Fries - with strawberry syrup yum!! New York Steak Sandwich - Grilled medium rare for me.  Extra Crispy Original Fries  And my new fav as of tonight...... The Stubb!  OMG its all my favorite things in one burger: Grilled Texas Toast, Bacon, Grilled Onions, Fried Egg, and Swiss Cheese (American Cheese is also included for those who like) I'll try and post a picture of the next burger cause this one's ghost!  Thanks guys!  

                Best biscuits and gravy in a 100 miles.  Service is great food is even better.  I have had many different items and never a disappointment    See many regulars day after day  

                Love getting weekend breakfast here! The place has an interesting feel to it since it manages to be both biker and kid friendly at the same time (how they managed it, I really can't say). I typically end up getting an omelette, while the BF has tried their egg dishes and pancakes. Everything we've gotten has been good (warning--the pancakes are rather filling!) And the price is just right for what you're getting. One of our repeat breakfast spots.  

                Here's why this place is as good as it gets:  Plenty of parking. FREE parking.   Coffee, fresh, right away  The bacon jalapeno cheese burger. whoamygawd. So good. Spicy. Mayo for daysssss (which I love- don't knock it!). Stuffed with jalapenos and bacon. I did a mental praise and worship dance while eating it. Just enough to leave you stuffed without guilt or gas. Just sayin.  Service was perfect for me. She came and checked in on us just enough for us to order, eat, and catch up on life. We sat there for 2.5 hours lol it happens. Ate, talked, sipped coffee, got refills. Sat in a nice little booth and just enjoyed breaking bread.  I'll let you in on a little secret-- this is the key to as good as it gets..... the location is unassuming, but the burger was perfectly medium rare. The menu wasn't Michelin, but the food came out fast, hot, and perfectly seasoned. The waitresses seemed a little frazzled when we first walked in, but we got genuine smiles, coos at my nephew, and attention when we required it. We got to sit and talk about life, real life, over good food, in a comfortable table, without interruptions or being rushed out.   Digger's Diner, I'll be back to inhale that burger many more times. 5 stars.  

                This place SCREAMS America. We got the bacon cheeseburger and it was legit. Their grilled ham and cheese was awesome. None of this deli sliced ham. Nope. A nice thick cut of ham. It was a Christmas miracle! We loved the Oreo milkshake. It brought all the boys to the yard. Prices are reasonable too. Atmosphere and servers were fun.  

                Had a killer omelet with all their breakfast meats, big portions, reasonably priced and attentive servers. Will return.  

                One word- D e l i c i o u s!!! I've tried their breakfast burrito and their sausage breakfast sandwich, which are both cheap, super delish, and very filling! I would highly recommend this place :)  

                The food is ok, but the service was horrible! You would be better off going to Denny's.  

                I usually love coming to this place but lately when I've been ordering to go, I noticed that I was getting charged different pricing the past few times. Keep in mind I only order garlic fries. I also wasn't aware that garlic fries means "garlic powder" fries where they only put powder on the top and the rest is just french fries. And this is the only place I know of that serves garlic powder fries instead of actual garlic. My point is, just make sure that they are charging you the correct amount.  

                My bf introduced me to this place about a year ago, & seeing how it is literally right down the street from me, I keep going back. The portions are huge! I always have leftovers. The bill is always reasonable. Being a single mom of three kids, I can dig a place where I can feed myself and all three kids for less than $30 with tip.  We have done both breakfast and lunch, & during the week, when they are open later into the day, I have definitely gone there for a quick dinner with the kids after school/work. The kids are always satisfied with the portions. The kids hot dog is huge!! You can order the side of fries as a half order or a full order, so typically we get a half order of cheese fries and a half order of the cajun fries with jalapeños. The kids hamburger is a bit small, but if you have a child that can't quite finish a quarter pound or a third pound burger, then it is perfect. The kids breakfast portions are also huge.  I also like the fact that there are some healthier options on the menu for lighter meals. My favorite for breakfast is the lite omelet, chock full of vegetables and with light cheese along with a side of fruit. Their hashbrowns are amazing!! For lunch I enjoy the preacher's dish... chicken breasts topped w grilled vegetables and a small layer of cheese and a side of salad. Their raspberry vinaigrette is delicious!  Their deep fried oreos are yummy... but you can actually bring in any candy you'd like and have them deep fry it for you!! We have deep fried milky ways and snickers before. Milkshakes are also awesome.  I can't say enough about this place! Weekend breakfasts can get very packed, so the earlier the better. We got in at 9:30 am and was seated immediately. But as soon as 10:00 am hit, it became more packed, and a line began developing inside the restaurant. Once it does get that packed, the service gets a bit slower, but in all honesty, in which restaurant doesn't that happen? From start to finish, we were there for about 45 minutes during their most packed and peak times. Generally, when not so slammed with customers, we are in and out within 30 minutes, and that's with serving my table of 1-2 adults and 3 kids.  I highly recommend this place. For a cheap and quick bit to eat that will leave you feeling satisfied and full and happy, head over to Digger's!  

                Worst customer service ever. Waitress was rude with no respect and has the nerve to curse while conversing with a customer. Then has the nerve to tell us, "your taking it to go right" as if she doesn't want us in the restaurant. We did nothing for to act in any type of way towards us. Margie has no respect for customers and should never waitress anywhere!! Horrible!!  

                Simply "Awesome" try their chicken sandwich on sourdough with teriyaki sauce....once again great service by Nicole, also again shout out to the cooks. You can't go wrong eating here. As always great prices, Hot dog, chicken sandwich, Frings, ice tea, and a coke $17.10 + $5.00 tip feeling full, had to take food home.  

                My husband has been pumped to try this place since we moved up here.  Finally I gave in and we went. The area is not so great, but it is nice they have parking.  My husband ordered the big sandwich- I forget what its called- it was like a burger with another burger inside it.  I ordered the burger with the texas toast bun.  Overall I thought my burger was pretty good and my husband loved his.  We also ordered garlic cheese fries...WHOA that's a lot of garlic.  If you love garlic this is right up your alley!  My favorite part of the meal was the most delicious milkshake ever, peanut butter chocolate banana.  Those are all of my favorite flavors rolled into one amazing milkshake.  It was pretty good.  My husband also ordered the fried oreos.  They were good, the same as you get at the fair.   Overall, if you are looking for a good diner this wouldn't be a bad place to go!  

                Tons of good reviews made me bookmark this spot, and I finally got the chance to try it when I found myself starving, parked nearby at the batting cages before they opened.    Seating was quick for us, but sitting near the door I watched a couple folks leave after waiting for a few minutes to be acknowledged.    The place was kind of loud, but it was also pretty full so... yeah.    Our waitress provided friendly & efficient service, and our food came out quickly & properly cooked.   The omelette was HUGE (I'm glad we shared), and with 3 types of meat, it was greasy... which wasn't surprising & even somewhat expected of "greasy spoon" / diner food.  Either way, the omelette tasted great!  The hash browns were crispy on the outside, too mushy on the inside, but still tasted alright.  The English muffin was buttered & toasted thoroughly (I hate under-toasted, raw-tasting English muffins).    We walked in there, got seated, ordered, received, ate, and paid for our meal in under 40 minutes...  Overall, good food, good vibe, good experience coming here!  Will def go again.  

                The food is ok but customer service, no. a regular customer was asked to tell another regular customer to not come in anymore because a specific waitress felt the tips a regular customer was leaving was not enough. Excuse me? This regular customer has been been going to this restaurant for more than 10 years and gets treated this way? The food was paid for - the tip may have reflected on service OR the person didn't have enough to leave a big enough tip for this waitress.  As a result they've lost some regular customers who ARE good tippers. Last time I was there my table was forgotten about - we were there for breakfast and waited an hour to receive it. Maybe I was unknowingly with the regular customer who's been asked not to come back. Very bad customer service.  

                Always have a great experience here, Food is great at good prices. Me and my boyfriend are now regulars! My recommendations : ballpark fries, fries Oreos! And burgers!  

                I love the food and it's close to my house.  

                I'm going to start off by saying I really wanted to like this place. Being a mortician I find all things decorated in a comical funeral motif amusing.  My gf and I came in on a Sunday morning. It was packed. That usually means to me it's popular and serves good food. Within 5 minutes of not being acknowledged or led to a table I found why it was packed, people were waiting for their food for an unwarranted amount of time.  A server finally led us to a table. Quick side note, if you have 30 plus tables and you are slammed you should see to it that you have more than 2 waitresses working the floor. After being sat we waited for about 5 minutes before we were given menus. The menus say they stop serving pancakes at 11 but they serve them til 12. I personally think open all day breakfast joints should serve breakfast food all day but that's just me.  Our order was placed and about 30 minutes later our food arrives. My order was pancakes, sausage and eggs. Gfs order was French toast, eggs and bacon. A cinnamon roll to go was added at the time of order to be ready when the check was to be paid. Portions the size of dollar coins. My sausage party was the size of a silver dollar eagle. My "egg" looked the size of a quail egg. My pancakes the size of a DVD. Also no syrup was given and when asked I was given a small cup that held maybe a tablespoon. It took all of 4 minutes to finish our food which to be honest wasn't that good.  The check was brought over, sans cinnamon bun. The bill was small, that would explain the portions, with no place to tip. Just completely underwhelming through and through. Oh and it took a while to get my cinnamon roll as the server decided to hold it in her hand and talk to a cook for a few minutes. The cinnamon roll also tasted horrible. Done. Not coming back.  

                What a value! This place has a funky biker/skeleton vibe with a friendly atmosphere. Wild combo but it totally works. We took some friends here who were up from LA for hangover food and this fit the bill!  We shared the special of strawberry pancakes, and my wife got the breakfast sandwich burger with an egg on it and she really enjoyed it. I got a spicy omelette and they are not messing around! Huge omelette with hot link sausage and jalapeños inside.  We also shared the Cajun cheese fries and those are a must try! Tasty crispy but fluffy fries covered in garlic, smothered in cheese, Cajun seasoning and jalapeños. Awesomeness.  I can't wait to bring my father-in-law here, he will love the comfortable vibe, service with a smile, and fantastic food.  

                We've been here a hand full of times. The waitress is great, she's nice, and doesn't over ask us if we're doing ok, mid-bite. I'll be coming back, who wouldn't? Food is good, service is excellent.   Swing by, you won't be disappointed. They just celebrated their 20th birthday!  

                I was here yesterday for breakfast and I had a very pleasant experience. The service was fast, the waitress was very attentive, the food came out of the kitchen very quickly. Portions were quite large. Prices were reasonably priced. I would definitely go back.  

                Cool place for breakfast. Good food at a good price, can't beat that! I've only eaten here for breakfast, and it's usually crowed. The breakfast sandwich is my favorite, excellent for hangovers ;)  

                I am so happy to live in a world with places like Digger's Diner!  Motorcycles, skeletons, and Bon Jovi playing overhead all before you've had your morning coffee?  Yes PLEASE!    Finally visited Digger's after many years of playing the "gotta try them someday" game, and were seated right away on a Saturday morning around 9, though the place was definitely jumpin.  The staff are awesome and I suspect we were the only ones in there who weren't regulars, standard Saturday morning fixtures - but I sure want to be now!    I went for the steak fajita omelet, with fruit and sourdough toast.  The omelet was tasty, and I couldn't believe I was actually craving saltiness with it, so I think next time I will take them up on their option to 'Make it Cheesy!'.  The eggs were cooked perfectly, and stuffed with chopped steak mixed with onions and peppers.  Fruit cup was standard but a welcome substitute for gut-buster fried potatoes - and this is weird, but I have seriously thought about their toast every day since.  Toasted perfectly, and generously buttered, like buttered the way you butter your toast at home!  SO good!!    I cannot wait to return to Digger's to enjoy more excellent food made with love, groove to great rock tunes, and see if my BF was serious when he said he was up for the Six Food Under Challenge.  Stay tuned!  

                Bad service they got my order wrong three times I specifically said no mayo put bbq and teriyaki  on the side on whole wheat toast. And what  does the waitress give me mayo no BBQ  or terriyaki  on the side on a bun instead of whole wheat and there was a strand of blonde hair in my terriyaki chicken sandwich. I came all the way from antioch for this...I should of went to Lumpys in Brentwood.  

                Diggers don't play!  They make sure you come out full! Well, "full" is a bit of an understatement. They make sure you sluggishly crawl out on your bulging belly.  A full breakfast dish can feed 2 light eaters; all for the price of $6-$7!  I've tried the Chicken Fried Steak, Kitchen Sink Omelet, Cinnamon Roll and their waffles. They all didn't disappoint. And their garlic fries? Best I've had. Better than AT&T park Gilroy garlic fries. Being family operated, their customer service is also very friendly and upbeat!  I just love me some breakfast coma!  

                Have been here several times now and each time we've been greeted cheerfully and served yummy food quite promptly. :)  Oh, and my daughter loves the Deep Fried Oreos. Personally, I think they'd be better with Double Stuff's! :)  

                finally made it to the original grave digger Digger's Diner with it's ghoulish ambience  Dave, a co-founder was a grave digger at a local cemetery....  the wall by the cashier has lists of "hall of fame", "hall of shame", all with R.I.P. tombstones and past eating successes and/or failures.   gist: u eat all of a "list" within a period of time, u don't pay, u on "hall of fame", fail? u on "hall of shame". u die?  u b the lst on the tombstone list. no one made that list yet.  eats: hot dog(2.99) -dog tasted like kaspars, no snap. -otherwise everything ok, casparskaspers do it better.  burgers on grill looked big, juicy, not sure it's the 3.99 ones. -food here looks more deliz than the hayward/brentwood locales.  

                Good food and lots of it. The service wasn't the best but they were very busy. The parking is terrible though. The spaces are narrow with not enough room between the rows to maneuver.  

                Just went here today. Yes we are fans now.  Our waitress was so friendly. You get so much wonderful food.  This is a must go back place.  We were full all day.  

                So I have such fond memories of this place from when I lived in the neighborhood 7 years ago. I loved their food and their family and community business model. Their breakfasts were KILLER, I would order the small breakfast to go on the occasional days that I worked from home.   Well, I have been 3 times since we moved back to the neighborhood six months ago. When we first moved back I kept telling my boyfriend how great Diggers was, we need to support them. But with each new visit Diggers disappoints us more and more. My boyfriend no longer listens to my praise for them :(  Each time this year the service was...off. Either we had to wait forever for someone to take our order at the table or the food took forever to arrive. The last time the food took 40 minutes to arrive. We only ordered a couple of appetizers (garlic fries and corn fritters) and one patty melt. Nothing extravagant. Although they do get busy, for a diner environment a 40 minute wait makes you want to pull your hair out. Also, when I got my patty melt it had no thousand island dressing on it, it came on sourdough instead of rye, and the burger was burnt. That's far from a patty melt in anyone's book.   What happened to the quality that I so loved, Diggers?  

                By far the BEST breakfast sandwich I've ever had. The staff is always friendly and welcoming. I would recommend calling in your order for pick up on the weekends, especially in the morning because it does get busy! Also the walls are hand painted which just makes the place unique!  

                Food was delicious. Friendly server.  We ordered the digger's special. I loved it! My husband ordered something that wasn't on the menu, "bacon maple waffles" -YUMMY! A must try!! This place rocks! Highly recommend for breakfast.  

                Went to breakfast Saturday at 1030 with a niece and was amazed at the food, service, friendliness and price. She had the spinach omelet with a huge cinnamon roll and I had the NY steak breakfast with 3 eggs. It was the best breakfast NY I've ever had. Usually, the steak is a gristle and fat number where this is like a thin dinner steak. Place was packed but everyone in good humor and obviously enjoying the food.  Yes, I waited to be seated and yes the food was not in a warmer so it could be served immediately :\) (referencing complaints about having to wait for food to be prepared)  but I didn't want a fast food place; we wanted to relax and enjoy. Highly recommended.  

                There's some interesting reviews on the service here. Well anyways the service I had was fine . I just don't need over the top friendly service , I'm not that high maintenance . As a Burger expert ! Diggers delivers solid quality with good size too ! They have some good burger creations too . It's everything you would expect from a neiborhood diner . Diggers cracks into my top 5! Right now sitting in the no.4spot ! If you want to know my top 5 ? Message me ! I'm always on location for the perfect burger ! We now welcome Diggers to the Bike-Werks Top 5 elite burgers !  

                YAY! I GET TO WRITE DIGGERS' 200TH REVIEW   Five (5) stars?! Is that ALL I can give?! Pfffft. Doesn't seem fair.  So I'm a little behind the game sometimes. This year was my first time watching the show 'Survivor' and I even participated (and lost) in a pool to determine the winner. I just saw my first ever episode of 'Big Brother' a couple of weeks ago. And yesterday was my first time dining at Digger's. Guess someone finally moved that rock I was living under.  I've been thinking about the garlic fries here for a long time. I love perusing Yelp pictures and the garlic fries (and so many other things) were very memorable. I wanted some jalapenos on my fries so I was shocked when I saw this is actually a menu item! Cajun garlic fries with jalapenos and cheese. I ordered this without the cheese. Husband had a grilled ham and cheese sandwich. And our friend Val had a burger that could probably win awards for size and good looks.  I live in Concord but not very close to here so I would never have known about this great Diner if not for Yelp. I love diners. I love their atmosphere and food and service. The employees here were all friendly with smiley faces. We looked at all the advertising printed directly onto the table while we waited for our food. There was a gravedigger pictured that I pointed out, picturing the man who apparently started this place (the decorations started to make some sense). Husband Casey teased me and pointed at a guy working in the kitchen and said "that's the owner/gravedigger". It wasn't. But RIGHT AT THAT MOMENT the guy actually walked in the front door. OMG. I asked our server if the guy in the doorway was the same as the one on the table. Yes. Yes he was. We even got to meet him and he was awesome.   Food was awesome too. It wasn't a long wait before we were served and everything was great. Even though the fries are cut medium (and I prefer skinny cut) they were still very crispy and good. Lots of jalapenos! And a really good value - tons of food for not a lot of money. We will definitely be back.  

                Pretty sure there's not one homemade thing in the diner. Canned, frozen or out of a package!  

                Heavy, greasy but tasty diner food.  Good burgers and huge breakfast portions.  

                This place is a gem! The burgers have great tasting full flavored beef. All the toppings are super fresh. Even their shredded lettuce tastes fresh, not like that bagged lettuce some places use. Onion rings, fries and Veggie burgers are also solid.  Definitely recommended.  

                Excellent customer service. Yummy food. Prices are reasonable. I would go back again.  

