                I stop by here quite often, it's one of my comfort food places.  The dishes are consistently good.  Can't complain.  My favorites:  Mongolian Beef, HK-style noodles, Wonton Soup, Lemon Chicken.  

                I had a delivery request today. Ordered the House Chow Mein, egg rolls and chicken wings.  Everything was delicious! The wings were finished with garlic and placed on a bed of jalapeno...very nice touch! The Chow Mein had lots of meat, and the egg rolls were crispy and light.  The orders were enough for two meals, so the price is just right!  The delivery man was friendly and lightning fast! I was told the meal would be here in 45 minutes, and he made it in less than 30.  Thanks, Dragon House!  

                I've been following to Dragon house for six years from the old place which I really liked to the new place which is a lot more parking their food is awesome you can't say anymore.  Their lunch specials are a deal and try their chicken and asparagus one of my favorites thank you Dragon house for being part of this community and feeding all the people that work in this area  

                Always Had Delivery from Dragon House and they Are Super Quick when they say 30 Min they Come in 20...Everyone in our Fam LOVES Dragon House Walnut Prawns and Salted Chicken Wings Please is Always in our Order but of course I Always Order More But a Good Chinese Restaurant if your in Union City and their Lunch is Even Better Cheap Over Rice and Ready to Go  

                This is one of the better Chinese restaurants in the area. I like that their quality is consistent and their prices are average. They have great lunch specials. The portions are great for lunch and dinner.   I've only eaten at the restaurant once. The server was nice and attentive. The restaurant is a bit small and it can get crowded and loud. So I typically get delivery or take out. When I call the restaurant to order, they're not rude. Their delivery drivers have been friendly. I love that they deliver because there are very few restaurants in the area that offer delivery.  

                Almost all of the food I've tried here taste fresh and healthy. Not greasy at all.   We ordered the wonton soup, the prawns fried rice, the deep fried flounder in light soy sauce, and the fried banana with vanilla ice cream. The wonton soup and the prawns fried rice are a bit bland compared to other restaurants. However, the saltiness of the fried fish compensated for it, and the combination of the rice and the fish was delicious.  The dough on the fried banana was soft to taste, but was still good. The vanilla ice cream was so flavorful, we had to order more for my kid.  Last but not least, their fortune cookies are very good, too. Not stale like others I have eaten.  A small, clean restaurant. Their food portions are big. Prices are inexpensive. Staff is friendly and service is timely.  Overall, a good place for dinner. We went home with happy tummies.  

                Perfect 'hole in the wall' joint for quick and easy Chinese. Chicken wings are a must!  

                One of the longest running restaurants in Union City transferred to a new location!  I neglected to visit Dragon House while living all these years in Union City. I was craving for some beef chow fun and fried calamari.What no better day than to finally try out the Dragon House!   I was on my way home from work with nothing planned for dinner. So, I drove straight to Dragon House to order some dinner. When I arrived, the restaurant was semi-empty around 3pm. Prior to placing my order, I checked out my Yelp app to browse some pictures to see if they had what I wanted. I placed my order of beef chow fun and salt and pepper squid, which was fried calamari worded differently on the menu. The cashier was very friendly. I was quoted on my to go order to be ready in fifteen minutes. The prep time was shorter than fifteen minutes on my clock, so I was happily on my way home to chow down on some great cooking.  Both take out entrees were pretty bountiful. Nothing was lacking in quantity here. As for quality... Yup it was there! The beef was tender and the bean sprouts were crispy. The noodles were soft and long, cooked perfectly for consumption. The salt and pepper squid was coated with a crunchy breaded casing, but the squid remained tender and chewy.   Please forgive me for overlooking you, Dragon House! I for sure would like to try your other menu items!  

                The kung pao prawn lunch special is a steal for the price, along with mostly every other item during those hours. Complimentary soup was as good as the main course, and the wonton crisps were cool.  Overall a good spot for affordable and fast Chinese.  

                Always great service and good food. I am a huge fan of the hot and sour soup. A small soup is very large and less than 5 bucks. The portions are huge and tasty. The chow mein is also very good and the crab-cream cheese wontons. Great local Chinese spot with good service.  

                Just stopping by to say I love this place. I remember when I was in middle school I would always go to the old location. I'm glad they are still making people happy with amazing food!  

                Dragon House moved closer to where I live which is convenient for everyone!  Growing up I would grab food here after school before band practice or whenever.  I always ordered their fried rice which is pretty filling.  Their Mongolian beef is okay as well.  Its old location didn't seem as popular but now that it's in a plaza area, I feel more people are going.  I have never dined in, but the service is nice!  I would order to go for myself or a party I'm bringing food to and just wander around until my food is ready in about 5-10 minutes.    Overall I like the food here!  Proportions are good for their prices.  Need some quick Chinese food?  Then try this place out!  

                Price is good and food is good. Service is whatever, especially during lunch time. They get so busy they don't really service you. They just get you in and out.  great lunch specials!  

                Expecting a normal "hole-in-the-wall" chinese place, they impressed! The place was very clean and pretty, food was delicious, portions perfect, and service was great! I will be back for sure.  

                Favorite place to get Chinese food. They had a good selection of seafood items as my family had gone on a Friday for lent. I usually go during lunch. Their lunch menu and prices are hard to beat and won't disappoint! :)  

                Their chicken fried rice needs ACTUAL chicken, not just "hints" of chicken, which look like chicken skin sliced very thinly.  That does not work.    There is also something wrong with their beef broccoli.  Very disappointing.    Otherwise, they're fine and a good mix in the hood.  Pleasant customer service.  

                I am changing my review to a Meh. I've experienced better because with the change of location and possibly management (i don't see the same faces of the previous location) the food is not as wonderful.   This was a whole family favorite place but after 3 visits and the food has just been ok we no longer choose to go there. if you have never been to the previous place then this restaurant will be just fine but had you experienced it before... sigh... you would be disappointed. :(  

                This is a small family restaurant...filled to capacity with locals enjoying the company of family and friends, with a nice tasty meal.  Two visits and each time I was greeted with a warm smile, seated well, and given a beverage. I've tried a couple different entree items...they were prepared and delivered promptly, hot and very tasty. Portion sizes are pretty large...both times my eyes were bigger than my stomach and I brought left overs back to my hotel to enjoy later.  What can I say that the others haven't already stated in their tips and reviews. I absolutely enjoyed my time in Union City and this restaurant. I will be back...I hope you give them a try...local family business doing good things, they deserve all of our support...!!!  

                First time going to this place today and boy can I tell you how it was a good first impression. The service was awesome, the prices were affordable and the food was pretty good. Ordered the sweet and sour chicken, yan chow fried rice, and their house crispy noodles. All in all spent a little over 25 dollars including a soda. Will definitely eat there again to try the rest off their menu.  

                Just gonna say that this is probably the best Chinese food in the area. Very inexpensive, delicious and the atmosphere is always good. I usually come here for their lunch promo. It's not really full whenever I come in with my friends. The food is not so oily, and unlike other places, the restaurant was clean. Definitely going here again.  

                SO glad I finally convinced the boy to get Dragon House! We've been trying various Chinese food places in the area for awhile, and I think we've found our new favorite! It's a little pricier than most Chinese food places, but sooooo good. And by pricey, I mean $50 for an order of beef chow fun, orange chicken, eggplant in black bean sauce, cod and chicken fried rice, salted spare ribs, and honey walnut prawns. So not really pricey at all compared to most places [and considering it fed 6 people. And then some.].  Definitely my new favorite Chinese place in the area!  

                The food is always fresh, hot. well seasoned and flavorful.  the staff is consistant in treating their customers like old friends.   their lunch specials are the bomb.  Its always clean and they just seem to enjoy their business.  Ive been a customer since they first moved in on Smith streeet and have followed them to Alvarado.   I think they deliver too.  

                Favorite place for Chinese food.   Their are a great choice if you don't want to have to think about what meal to get.  The best fried rice is the house special. I like that you can see the different veggies and meats. The chow mien can be a bit oily but the flavor is worth it.   The eating area is small but if you know the right times to go you done have to worry about waiting for a table.   Love that they deliver too!  

                The Good:  This place is AWESOME. I live nearby so my family usually frequents this restaurant about once a week and every time they are quick, consistent and CHEAP. The ambiance of the inside of the restaurant is not fantastic but the food makes up for it. My top favs are their mandarin chicken and crispy noodles with vegetables. Their veggies are always cooked to perfection and have a satisfying crunch to them. If you dine in they usually give you a free soup with your order. This place is so good I get random cravings for it throughout the week.   The Bad: I don't recommend their beef dishes; people were raving about their Mongolian beef so I tried it and I was disappointed. It was rubbery and hard to eat. Also, one time I went there the worker swept bits of rice  and other crumbs off the table with a menu and then immediately handed that menu to me which was kinda gross.  But other than that, yummy cheap fast food!  

                In high school I used to go to their old location all the time. When I went to college I found out they moved so I got scared but I've been here a few times since and it's the same. Good, cheap and not greasy. Their orange chicken tastes nothing like Panda Express, in a way. Their lunch specials are $5.50 for soup, meat, rice, and wontons or egg rolls. Considering the portion they give you, it is very worth it.  I docked a star because one time I came in and they brought me my check basically five minutes after I started eating. I mean, I know I'm eating by myself, but still! They also walked by many times without refilling my water. But it's okay, it's lunch time and hus busy so that makes sense.  

                Nice little place, good food and fast service.  

                Very friendly and attentive wait staff. Both waitresses that were working took care of me. I ordered the Pot Stickers (which is the reason I'm knocking off two stars) and they were burnt (see pictures). I liked the filling in the potstickers, I just don't like them 'blackened'. But my main entree, Wor Won Ton Soup, was very good!! I would try them again - everyone's dishes around me looked very good.  

                After all these years I'm just now noticing they have a "Dinner for 1" deal.  I had it last night and was awesome.  For $8.99 you get soup of the day, choice of rice or chow mein, specified choices of entree, and an egg roll.   Loved it!  

                This review is for delivery only:  First off, Dragon House is supposedly rated to be one of the best chinese places in my area.  I often have fond thoughts of chinese food for dinner--as do most people.  Living in a place where there is so much delicious asian cuisine available, it's almost always a disappointment when I get chinese in comparison to other places.    Tonight, for probably the 10th time in living in Fremont I made the mistake of ordering chinese for dinner from Dragon House.  I will just say, to those looking for chinese delivery, it would be in your best interest not to order Dragon House unless absolutely desperate.  I will never order from this place again.  

                This review is based off a to-go order.  Came in on a Saturday afternoon when the gang decided to have a junk-food filled night in.  There were a good amount of patrons dining in, but it seemed most folks were ordering to-go.  They were quick to grab us a menu and left us to decide, and we decided on the sweet-and-sour chicken, beef chow fun, and the BBQ Pork chow fun.  The entire order cost us about 20$ (not too bad), and it took about 15 minutes (as they mentioned) for our order to be ready.  I'd say the food was on par with just about any other Chinese fast food joint. Although, I wasn't too big a fan of the sweet-and-sour Chicken, but I did enjoy the Beef Chow Fun quite a bit.   Overall, I think that this is a nice family establishment for an easy, no fuss Chinese food night.  If I was in the area and was interested in grabbing some quick Chinese food, Dragon House would definitely be an option  

                For those who don't want to read a lot:   Huge portions, low cost, small space.  For those who like more detail: This place is great for take out and sit down. You get so much food for such a little price! When you first walk in, you notice right away it is very small. Seems most people order their food as take out, but I like to eat my food straight away. We were seated right away and our order was promptly taken. The food came out pretty quick and it was so fresh, hot, and crispy! I ordered the lemon chicken, which was piled SO high, I could have easily split it with 2-3 other people! My husband ordered the sweet/sour pork. We could have split that between us easy. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants good and quick Chinese food. You can't beat the price or the portions!   They also accept credit cards: Visa and MasterCard  

                This is my fave restaurant, the people are always pleasant and the food is always hot and good. I live Dragon House and thank you.  

                HOLY mother of pearl!  I went to college for a few months, and  I come back with ALL THIS GREAT FOOD!    I'm Chinese myself, with a pretty sharp tongue for good food.  Let me tell you!  This place does have Americanized Chinese food, BUT BUT BUT if you order the right things, it IS authentic!  The owners are from Hong Kong, so most of the employees speak Cantonese.  The portions are enormous for such a cheap price :').    I usually order the gai-lan with beef... omg... it's amazing... I LOVE EATING THIS VEGETABLE because the vegetable is SO FRESH,  And the beef is really soft to chew with enough flavor!  I also order the yang chow fried rice because it is so good!  My parents are obsessed with this place because everything here that is "chowed" is cooked just like it would be authentic Chinese restaurants.  Amazingly cheap dinners can be done here!  Lastly, I've tried their vegetarian egg rolls and those were freshly made!!  Tasted really good that day since I was craving egg rolls.  They're kind of pricey for $4.95 for 4.  But oh well, they were on point that day.  Apparently, this restaurant has been in UC for many years but they moved from it's location on Smith Street.  I didn't know that, so this restaurant is completely new to me!  I'm happy we found it because it really is good food.  NOTE: Accepts credit cards for $15 and over. They also deliver within 3 miles of the restaurant location!  Sweet. :D  I don't even have to leave my house, haha.  

                As I have mentioned a few times when reviewing Chinese Restaurants, I have worked in them for years and have worked with Asian companies so I have plenty of experience with this cuisine.  My go to place in Union City has always been Rose Garden until recently I have gone to New China.  We were celebrating my wife's birthday and I decided to call a place that delivered.  I looked on Yelp and Dragon House seemed to get very good reviews.  My first experience was when I went online, I checked the delivery map and I was well within the boundaries, I tried to place an order and it rejected and said I was out of the area, no worries I will call.  This is how the conversation went.  ME: Hi I would like to have food delivered and this is where I live. Them:  We don't deliver there, too far. ME: Your website says you do. Them:  Too far, no deliver ME:  Really, that's too bad, I was going to order over $100.00 worth of food. Them:  Ok we will deliver.  At that point I should have hung up, but I ordered.  We got the food and it was both cold and terrible.  The salt and pepper pork chops had no flavor The meat in the Broccoli and Beef was very chewy The sweet and sour prawns were soggy And EVERYTHING was very cold.  I have had bad Chinese food before, but usually man up and eat it, this time I couldn't finish my plate and did not have any ideas of eating the left overs.  I will never visit this place again, so be warned and don't fall into the trap of thinking this place is good.  

                Salt & pepper pork chops, beef chow fun, tomato beef chow mein, honey walnut prawns and calimari!  Very reasonably priced, each dish was tasty and not over-salted (you can always add your own if you need to!)  Definitely will be returning to Dragon House :)  

                I've come here a lot in the past few years. The best part is that they make their food pretty quick and fresh, and delivery is free.  They've got a very solid beef chow fun, string bean chicken (always ask for spicy, way more flavor), and egg foo yungs. These three items are usually better than what you can find at other chinese food places that I would recommend.  You can't really go wrong though.  

                So alot like the other places I've reviewed. I found this one on Yelp! as well. My family and I were NOT disappointed! There were 10 of us and we were seated right away. The 2 waitresses that served us were very nice and our food came out in no time!  We ordered so many dishes and each one was very delicious! One of our favorites is the Salt and Pepper Pork...YUMMY! We had to order a second plate of it because it was so delicious! The Cook/Chef did an amazing job! It's a little spot but its definitely worth the try.   We will be going back! Or atleast I will..hehehe  

                I searched out this place on Yelp about 4 months ago. I usually trust Yelp and I'm glad that I did. Although we haven't ordered many items from Dragon House, the ones that I have were fantastic.  Salty Fish and Chicken Fried Rice, so far this is the best pace that I have had it. Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings, yummy, my oldest daughter loves them (she ate all of mine) Won Ton, very good. A very good tasting broth as well.  I will only give it 3.5 to 4 stars for now until I go more times and make sure that they are consistent. I will update once we go again.  

                I've been going to this place for years. I actually like their old location back on Smith St cause it reminds me of a hole in the wall that serves great food.  Their new location offers better parking but it loses se if it's character cause now it is in a strip mall.  The interior of the restaurant is modern and a lot bigger than their old location. This is still a small place but bigger than before.  The food and service is still excellent, better parking, updated interior I will be back  

                I have been working in Hayward since November 2013 and I'm still trying to find good places to eat. I called and ordered the War Won Ton. I must say the flavoring is perfect. This has to be one of the best War Won Ton soups I've had. I will be back.  The only downfall is that they have a $15 minimum limit to use your ATM/debit card. They did charge me an additional .40 to use it.  

