                Thus place its the secret omelet heaven. Ask for the veggie omelet, not too many eggs, not dry, bright fresh veggies, just the right amount of cheese, and cheap.   I both want to keep Manal in business and don't want to stand in line. Seriously, this is one of the secrets at the end of the T Line.  

                very cute coffee shop/cafe on leland avenue that sticks out amidst all the chinese restaurants (and mexican produce market) along the street. i stopped in here for lunch one day while i happened to be in the area and i was pleasantly surprised.  it's a quaint cafe, with a good amount of tables and a small TV. there are a few new faces and some you can tell are regulars. various board games are stacked on a shelf to the side near the counter, and the cafe offers free wifi! can't get any better than that!  the owners are so sweet. the lady at the counter took my order, and she was very nice and accommodating. saw spam on the menu and i automatically knew i liked this place already! i ended up ordering an omelette with cheese and mushrooms (~$6). i was offered a choice between cheddar, american, and pepperjack. when i couldn't decide what cheese i wanted, she very nicely offered a mixture of all the cheeses, which i agreed upon immediately. the omelette also came with two slices of toast. my senior ordered the special of the day, which was a type of fish (i forget) over rice.  i would say the food served here has a nice comfort food feeling. you can tell the food is made with love and care. the presentation is simple, yet very satisfying. the service was attentive and friendly. there's something about having a happy server and comforting delicious food that automatically makes your day 10x better, and i think experiencing it at Eat Drink Play definitely brightened my day.  prices are very cheap, and the portions are solid. totes recommended!  

                I've walked by this coffee shop last Saturday and again today. As I walked on Leland Ave, I felt to need to get a beverage to quench my thirst. So I thought I came in and get a little something to drink. At a moment of thirst, I came in and ordered a latte. This place is a very good spot for a coffee shop in the Visitacion Valley area. The owners are friendly and welcoming, so I'm coming back here the next time I am in this area! This coffee shop is suitable for 20-30 people.  Free Wi-Fi and flat screen TV? Bonus points for this amenity!  

                Quaint little neighborhood cafe that's been around for about 2 years. I came on a Saturday afternoon which wasn't busy and ordered a Club Sandwich and a large coffee. My total came out to be around $8...pretty reasonable and I got my sandwich pretty quickly.   Food is pretty good and I can't wait to come back to try some of their other dishes, namely their chicken adobo over rice(which I noticed too late that it was the special of the day). Owner was also super sweet and friendly! Plus they offer Free Wifi (:  Overall I would recommend people in the area to try it out!! Definitely coming back for that adobo soon!  

                Quaint little fusian Filipino eatery in Visitacion Valley. Lots of lumpia, longanisa, and other traditional bites.   It was breakfast time so I got some sausage, eggs, and rice. I mean, for only like $6 it was a great deal.   Not much of an atmosphere, but maybe it was a dull morning or something.  Nothing special, just a little neighborhood cafe type of thing.  I would like to stop by again when things are in full swing to see what it's really like.  

                Now serving Turkish coffee! Delish.  I enjoyed the lamb curry over rice. Sweetest owner ever!  

                My friend told me about this cafe a block from my house and I was craving an omelet so I wanted to check it out.  -variety of food options - omelets, sandwiches, burgers, filipino plates, SPAM -friendly owners -WIFI -SPAM  Spam was screaming at me, but I had to resist for the current diet -_- so I had a mushroom, avocado, tomato, turkey mushroom for $7.45  Omelet was enjoyable, I did not realize she would butter the toast and omelet as much as she did, which made it taste better, but there goes the diet. I still liked it. and for that price, if I get too lazy to cook, then I will walk down the block and eat here.  

                The food is so much better than you would expect in this little out of the way spot. Yummy sandwiches and all day breakfast  is definitely a plus. A friend took me and I've been back since. The owner is so nice and hospitable that you want to come back just for her warm smile. Definitely what a neighborhood place should be.  

                If you're in the neighborhood try this place out.  They have a lot of dishes over rice.  Their menu is diverse, meaning there's something for everyone from Spam, eggs and rice to lamb curry over rice to cheeseburger.  I enjoyed my food, beef with mushroom gravy over rice.  Only drawback is I ordered my food to go and it took a while to cook.  Next time I'll call it in but at least you know that your food is made to order.  

                CUTE CAFE!!! (4.75 stars)  Great cafe with free WiFi that serves Longganisa!! - Food, delicious - Prices, affordable - Service, awesome - Ambiance, clean and cute  Was getting a feel of the neighborhood because I was considering moving to the area. Barely ever Visitacion Valley streets but glad I stumbled upon this cafe. The owner was this sweet humble lady. I looked at the current menu and she mentioned there was much more not yet posted on the menu. It was morning, i settled for breakfast.  HEFFER STYLE  BREAKFAST PLATE ($6.95) - Settled for spam, rice, and eggs. Prettiest presentation i've had for spam. The food was good here. Simple and satisfying.  Will I be back? Sure will!  JABA APPROVED. Until the next review....  

                I mean you cannot find a nicer restaurateur.  But if that is not enough, the food is phenomenal, veg friendly and so affordable.  Ok, so it is in Visitacion Valley, but is in the redevelopment district that entirely safe and worth the trip there.  This place really brightens the community.  A few more of these places and the whole dynamic of the neighborhood changes!!  

                Follow instructions.  Eat.  Turkey sandwich will leave you wondering how they can pack so much awesome into a roll. Especially after adding homemade chicken sausage tomato sauce.  Sauce is meant for pasta. Or for customers who ask nicely for a side.  Part of their healthy kick. Ground turkey on some days instead. So approve.  Chicken adobe seems to be a specialty. Almost always gone by 1pm daily. Like today. Which was unfortunate. Except it gives me a reason to return.  Pancakes rank high too. $3.50 for a short stack pair. Well priced. Well made.   Drink.  Americano wasn't noteworthy. Until learning syrup shots are added free. This might be a San Francisco first.  Play.  WiFi is speedy and free. Outlets are everywhere.  Service was exceptionally kind and welcoming. You get the sense they are very appreciative of each and every customer.  Maybe so. But the pleasure was all mine.  

                I created an account to give this review. This is one of my favorite places to eat in San Francisco, the food and customer service is amazing. I would encourage anyone to eat here. It's a fantastic place in an area that needs more places like this one. I hope they are here to stay!  

                Great place. Great food. Great staff.  Call ahead and it will be ready.  Need to get rid of the kids? Give 'em quarters and send them here. Great sandwiches and salads. Made fresh to order.  

                This place is so cute and the owner is so sweet. I can see why it is rated 5 stars. It has earned every star plus a million more. Clean , quiet and free wifi!!!! Coffee was fresh and the owner even gave water to a non customer for her dog.  Prices are affordable and parking is no problem!!!  

                Sweeeeeeeeeet Handmade Sandwiches! Lots of Hot Dishes and Soups! Mmmmmmm! :) Good tasty munchies with a kind welcome for hungry commuters and Visitacion Valley insiders! :) :) This place has tasty coffee toooo... The good drip is on the counter so I didn't have to wait! :) Yummy!  

                I was wandering down leland avenue in search of a quiet, low key, coffee shop/diner type place to do my homework in and BOOM!!! In pink writing on brown awning, EAT, DRINK, PLAY. I was drawn in by the pleasant smell of coffee and breakfast food. FREE WIFI TOO??? Awesome!!!! The owners are a great couple that really make you feel at home!!! I had the fish and shrimp special on Tuesday. It was fantastic!!!  

                I went here to find out if it was true they served longaniza. its true, all day! They were really nice and open to feedback about their food and how they can make it better.  

                The new owners are extremely friendly and the food is tops. I've found our new hangout. Yay!  

                omg.. the best food ever!! so lucky to have eat drink play on leland avenue..  

                I actually just finished my sandwich from there and had to write them a review! First off, the woman at the front desk was so kind and warm - it was a really nice vibe to walk into. The cafe is quite small, but just enough room to set up a lap top and work for awhile. I was only stopping in to pick up lunch - Ordered a turkey sandwich and an iced coffee. Free flavoring on the coffee? Check. Ice cubes made out of coffee so there's no gross watery dilution going on? Check. GIANT size for cheap? Check. I'm happily at my desk sipping away.  Also ordered a turkey sandwich (also ultra affordable), and they made it exactly to my specifications, and toasted the bread. It's all wrapped up in white paper and in a paper bag, it's not fancy, but feels like the lunch my mom would hand me as I ran out the door to school. Basic is just fine with me if it's done right. There were a few interesting things on the menu, and I'll give them a whirl when I inevitably go back. Parking was ultra easy too. I work in Brisbane, and the lunch options are often dismal - I'm stoked to have a new place to visit!  

                On top of the delicious daily specials (ask for a discount if you are a local employee), these ladies are a hoot!  Come for the best cup of coffee on Leland Avenue, stay for the fun conversations!  I hear rumors that they will deliver if you ask.  

