                Great food, decent price. This place is strangely addictive. Their food is solid and portion is big! It is very popular here. Long wait if you get in around prime time.  I have tried a few of their rice plates, wraps, falafels. They are all super tasty. Folks there are friendly too. Would definitely come here again and again.  

                I absolutely love this place. I went there for lunch couple of times and ordered kabob plate & shawarma plate.   The place is clean, quick and attention to detail.   I would recommend this to anyone craving Mediterranean food by redwood shores.  

                We went there specifically because it's called FALAFEL Tazah. So I thought, you know, that falafel would be their specialty.   Turns out I was wrong. The falafel was about a 4/10. They were dense and mealy, like only bad falafel can be. It's kind of like chewing on wood mulch. My falafel deluxe wrap was lukewarm, so I suspect they don't fry them in oil that is hot enough.  I'll have to stick to my old favorites I guess. I thought the 4.5 stars on Yelp might actually mean something... Guess not.  

                I wanted to summarize the fact that I still patronize 'em once in awhile, and keep coming back over time to get my favorite - which is the Falafel Deluxe. Their falafel is the best I have tasted, and moist.  Last of all, the owner responded to my last post here; collects the cash most of of the time; and is always smiling - even during the lunch rush. Now that they've been open for awhile, their process seems smoother.  

                This place is a great place for cheap and quick middle eastern food. I came for a quick dinner fix and they didn't have a line and were able to take my order quickly.  They had a pretty good selection and though I didn't ask about substituting, I'm sure they would have gladly accommodated. The man that rung me up and took my order was very nice and friendly. They also have SQUARE checkout so that made it quick and easy.  When it came to the actual food, it came out pretty quick, awesome! I have the beef\lamb shawarma, which came with humus, pita, and a little salad. The little salad was good, had a few olives and little veggies with some vinaigrette. The hummas was average humus but still good. The pita was great, not over cooked. And the beef/lamb was delicious! The rice was okay, just regular yellow rice, a little dry if you ask me.  Overall, a great place for a quick fix. Nothing spectacular.   TIP: If you like the yogurt sauce, ask for extra! They don't give you much.  

                This is definitely hovering between three and four stars for me, but the extra-friendly service bumps it up. I got a dozen falafel to have at our super bowl party and a chicken schwarma for lunch. I got the chicken shwarma stuffed with all the extras, which was interesting but a bit too much (mine own fault there). The chicken was a little on the bland side - I would have preferred it to be more garlicky - but the wrap itself was huge. I asked for it spicy and it was a pretty good level of spiciness. I found the falafels to be a bit too salty, but not bad. It's a good option in the area!  

                Yes it is a hole in the wall in a strip mall. Which is fine when you're looking for a quick bite.   The food is decently good. I got the vegetarian combo, the hubby got the lamb/beef schwarma. The hummus and babaghanouj were very good. The falafel came out lukewarm, but was legit. Not too dry. The tabouli was just ok. Dolmas were average. My husband liked the schwarma wrap just fine but he's not all the familiar with Middle Eastern food, so who knows.   It just felt a little lacking to me. The food was just ok overall, and although I wasn't expecting anything out of the ambiance, it would have been nice to have a place to sit to scarf down the food. Sitting at their cramped "bar" next to the open door when it was 50 degrees out with the latin football channel blasting was not my favorite.   They also chose to close at 5pm on a Saturday when their sign clearly states they close at 7pm. We got there at 4:45pm not thinking we would additionally be rushed out of there 5 minutes after we got our food. They turned a few people away at 5pm saying "we're closed because it's slow." ?  So I can't imagine we'll be back, but it was fine for a quick bite for the experience while we were in the area.  

                Located in the plaza of Nob Hill Foods and right next door to Bagel Street Cafe, there's plenty of parking available. It a very small location that's similar to a cafeteria line and only a few tables outside and a few stool seating inside.  Our Order: Lamb/Beef Shawarma Rice Plate: ($11.85) Lamb-beef shawarma served with roasted tomato, seasoned onions, pickles and Tahini with rice, Hummus and Salad Mixed Shawarma Rice Plate: ($11.85) Mixed slices of beef-lamb and chicken shawarma served with roasted tomato, seasoned onions, Tahini, rice, Hummus and Salad Baklava: $1.95   BF gets off work and didn't want me to cook because he wants to do a "date nite" but his tummy is grumbling and he wants to eat something fairly healthy. I had bookmarked this place for awhile since I know the BF loves Mediterranean food and thought this would be a great time to try it out. By the time we got there, it was 30min before they closed and most of the place was cleaned up and stuff put away.  As with other reviews there was very little yogurt sauce and I forgot to ask for extra sauce as the station for extra condiments was already put away. The dish really needed the extra sauce because the meat was on the dry side. The hummus was simple but really creamy which helped with the the slightly dry pita. The baklava was amazing though. Didn't have too much honey to make it overly sticky and the layers very flaky.  Get the hummus if it doesn't come with your meal and the baklava.  CC accepted via iPad  OrderAhead and Eat24  

                This place is the spot for inexpensive, quick, & tasty middle eastern food.  My hunnybuns and I both ordered the Lamb/Beef shawarma rice plate and it was delicious!  The entree is pretty huge and so are the sides that come with it: rice with tahini(that sauce is amaze balls), flavorful & rich hummus, and a side salad w/ their house dressing.  They have other items like wraps, kabobs, side dishes, soups, and salads too that looked pretty tempting  to get but we were stuffed since our portion of food was so generous!  Try the baklava too for dessert!  Place was neat, cute, & clean.  I really like the vibes from the friendly staff members you get right when you walk in and when they take your order.  They're attentive & super helpful with any questions about the food.  I know I'm butchering his name, but it's either Ru or Lu who was super helpful & polite when taking my order!:). Food is great, staff is great, count me in on being a reg. for now on!  

                Great place for quick, authentic and relatively cheep Mediterranean food if you're on this part of town.  Pros:   Fresh    Tasty   Quick   Authentic  Cons:   no decent place to sit.. sometimes we have to look for a table (which is also a good thing as people just love their food).  I tried so far most of their menu - Humus, babaganush, Felafel (both in a plate and in a wrap), shawarma (chicken and lamb). All dishes are good.  My favorite is still the shawarma.   If you love Mediterranean food you'll not be disappointed.  

                Ate here for the first time today. It's been recommended by a friend as having great falafel.   Food poisoning. Sick. As. A. Dog.   :(  

                After perusing Yelp for good, mediterranean food in Redwood City, this place topped the list!  I was looking to cater my final session with my participants that are of Mexican descent in order to offer a different type of food, and Falafel Tazah hit a high note for everyone once we started to dig in to their scrumptious food.   Their online catering menu is simple and easy to read with no gimmicks. I ordered 2 trays of the chicken schwarma, 2 hummus trays, and 50 pita bread, and it was enough to feed about 30 people.   Everyone of my participants asked where this place was located, and I for one, will be recommending everyone to go to Falafel Tazah for their delicious mediterranean food.   Highly recommend. Quick, good food, and friendly staff!  

                Seriously one of the best falafel's I've had in the Bay Area. Fast service and outdoor tables. Perfect for lunch.  

                Ok. It's phenomenal, run, don't walk.    This place is TINY, I could tell that takeout was obviously a huge part of their business.  I ordered a side of falafel, 6 pieces to be exact, with a side of hummus and pita. YUM.  The falafel was rich in flavor and each piece was a great size, lots of food for $4.95.  The hummus was I think the best I've ever had? Yes, I can say that confidently.  It was more like a hummus frosting than anything.  The pita was warm and fresh.  My only real complaint was that there was not nearly enough pita in the serving but that's probably better for me..   Anyway, great find. SO GOOD.  

                I always loved Mediterranean food.  Loved the spices they use in their cooking.  I wanted to try a new place as I really don't want to support this other place in San Carlos.  I enjoyed my first time visit!  Food portion was solid.  I wasn't a huge fan of their hummus but we ordered a kefta plate and lamb shawarma and falafel of course.  Food took a while which we didn't understand.  They gave us the falafel first which were glad to inhale.  They gave us our food and even gave us some baklava apologizing for the wait.  I've never been a fan of baklava since they're way too sweet but theirs was quite yummy.  We've been back twice since!  

                MMMMM mixed shwarma plate is all you need! Lamb, chicken, hummus, rice, and salad combo is the best. I could never finish and saved some for dinner. This is a small joint in a plaza and is kinda low-key. I loved going here for lunch because it wasn't so busy and we could easily eat in the sunshine. The lamb and chicken (all sauced up) was just so well-cooked and juicy. AND HUMMUS ON THE SIDE?   Come here for your Mediterranean lunch fix :]  

                Really good and fresh middle eastern food.   Plenty of parking and that orange sauce is super spicy, the way I like it.  Food is tasty and filling. Come early because peak lunch gets packed with many take outs.  They have a few tables and chairs out front for people who want to dine there, but it's always too cool and breezy.  

                Great food and friendly service! A must try for sure ;)  

                On my endless quest to try all the best kebab places in the area, Falafel Tazah was the next on my list. I ordered ahead, which was super easy, and prices were reasonable/average.  CHICKEN KEBAB. Didn't really blow me away. Definitely not 2 kebabs worth of meat, though, try maybe one, one and a half. Chicken was a bit overcooked and tough, improved by dousing in yogurt sauce.   MIXED SHAWARMA: My personal favorite, to be honest, mostly because it was so diverse in the types of meats and seasonings used. Generous portions, and very flavorful.  Mild upset stomachs after the boy and I tried both, probably will not be returning.  

                This is a GREAT place. Friendly staff and food is fresh. Portions are good size, recommend making the trip to Redwood Shores, you'll not regret it. Happy to support this business!  

                Hands down the BEST hummus I've had. You get a lot of food for an affordable price. My personal favorite is the Chicken Shawarma Plate with an extra side of hummus. The food is fresh and taste is consistent.   Falafel Tazah brings new flavor and variety to RWC.  

                This food is a nice change from either sandwiches or all of the Asian cuisine offerings in the area. I've had the lamb shawarma plate and the same meat in a wrap. Both super tasty and delicious. Love the pickles -- they set off the meat nicely. The hummus that I tasted was quite good -- can't wait to check out their baba gahanooj. Not a place conducive to sitting. If the day is nice there are tables outside ... otherwise, I'd suggest doing takeout. This place is good ... and gets VERY busy at lunch time.  

                Tried this place for the first time today. I got the mixed shawarma plate, dolmas and of course, falafels!! Everything was great :) The only reason I am giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because I saw the pitas come out of a bag, and they taste that way too. -1 star.  The service was great, friendly staff. Moe in particular made our experience here even better. Will be coming back soon!!!  

                This place is great!  We're always trying to find a great schwarma wrap and these guys do it right.  They're ideal for take-out, as there's not much seating...  

                This place is HELLA good. That is all.  

                I work by this place and its one of the best falafels around!! Everything on the menu is very tasty.  

                While staying at a hotel nearby I went on Yelp to find some local food for dinner. I decided to try this place and was not disappointed! I ordered the chicken shawarma plate. This came with chicken shawarma, rice, salad, pita, and hummus. It was enough food to last me for two meals! The staff was very helpful and friendly even though I came within an hour of their closing time. The food came out hot, fresh, and very fast! Be sure to try some of their delicious sauces too! I got each one of them to try with my to-go order. Delicious mediterranean food at a decent price!  

                We loved this place!! Food is amazing, service staff was really friendly, and the restaurant is immaculate. We wish we had one in our city! We would eat there several times a week!!!  

                Falafel Tazah's location in the middle of an office park/private neighborhood couldn't have established a more uncertain introduction for me. Needless to say, this place is a traveler's delight.   The menu is simple, but has all the necessities that comprise the requisite Middle Eastern/Mediterranean lunch fare.   The food is great. The meat is shaved fresh off the spit [as it well should be], the vegetables and salads are fresh, and the Baklava is either made in-house or procured from a legit source.   If you're hitting this place up over lunch hour, there's going to be a line, but never fear, it moves fast.  

                Best spot in town, love this place. Their falafel deluxe is to die for, fresh falafel hence the name! Great place,  tried their lamb & beef today and that was above expectations. Friendly staff, Love this place already.  

                Food was awsome, the owners are awesome, will definitely return with friends and clients!  

                Maybe 5 stars is high but this is the best shawarma shop in the san mateo area now. Their yogurt cheese side is also particularly good.  Really no complaints, great shawarma, great pilaf, great hummus. Didn't actually try the falafel but considering the shawarma I probably never will.  

                Took 20 minutes to make a falafel wrap!! SLOW service. Make sure you have a lot of time to wait for your food.  The food tasted just OK, probably not worth the wait.  

                When I first saw this place opened I thought to myself....yea...just what we need another middle eastern place....don't get me wrong I love the food, but do we need another one.... Turns out we did!  I have a new favorite place to go.      The falafel is the best on the peninsula.    The meal comes with a good assortment of rice, salad, and hummus.   The rice pilaf has great flavor.   The place is clean and the staff are friendly.  

                Great lil local Mediterranean joint! I ordered & paid online: the combo plate & falafels. Went to pick it up & there were 2 plates & a bag of falafels in my bag. The tall guy said 2 combo plates? I said: no, I only ordered one. He said he read my order wrong & handed me both plates & falafels & said "Enjoy!".   Great customer service (5stars) & the food was pretty good (4stars). I had amazing falafels & shawarma in Israel earlier this year so the shawarma wasn't as juicy & the falafels weren't as soft & crispy but solid food for takeout!  

                Best shawarma I've had in the Bay Area!  The lamb/beef shawarma wrap is my personal favorite!  Get it spicy!  The chicken shawarma wrap is also very good.  

                Better than other sit down restaurants in the complex.  Similar to other nice places in San mate n Palo Alto for same cuisine so i can skip the drive n still get satisfied.   Yummy sauces!  

                This place is simply amazing!I wonder why I didn't discover it before!Ever since I have,I am a regular!that it is close to my office is an awesome advantage! Love love love the falafels here!They are crispy and totally drool worthy! The falafel wrap is my must have dish here!Its full of good veggies and an amazing mix of dips! The Pita,and hummus are one of the best I have had in the peninsula area and their yogurt dip is simply lip smacking. My non vegetarian friends love the chicken shwarma wrap!Its cooked perfectly and has a great blend of spices! Its a tiny place and its very crowded during lunch hours..but I am not complaining!  

                Off the chain.  Always fresh and friendly service that work well with the OrderAhead app.  I frequent at least 1/2x per week.  Recommend sauteed jalapenos.  

                Really really delicious middle eastern food! I've tried the chicken shawarma wrap, lamb shawarma plate and the falafels- all are stellar. Met the owners and they are so friendly! So glad a good falafel place opened up so close to my work... It's gonna be a great relationship.  

