                My family and I came five minutes before it closed, but they still happily sat us on a table without hurrying us to order. We ended up taking twenty minutes to order because they was a large group of us, but the waiters still happily took our orders.  We ordered a three scoop ice cream, several single scoops, and a marshmallow/Oreo signature dish. You will be amazed by how big these portions are, and they all tasted very good! Will definitely come here again, maybe next time without such a full stomach from dinner :)  

                Ice cream! My favorite dessert! Let me scream for ice cream! Just joking:)  On the way back from furniture shopping we stopped by Fenton's. OMG! It's hopping busy in this area!!!  Fenton's is located across from Fuji's, an AYCE sushi buffet. I had my mine set to get my ice cream in a cup here. I knew where to go so we walked to the left side of the restaurant where you can order your ice cream in a cup or on a cone however you want. There was a line but it went by fast. I usually go for chocolate but my eyes looked at the lemon flavor so I ordered that together with peppermint.  I did get a small size for 4.75 which I thought was a bit pricey. Anyway those 2 flavors weren't good together. I should have gotten peppermint with chocolate. I'll have to do that the next time!  As I was taking a photo for Yelp, a guy asked me what flavors I got. It looked like he got something usual and I said go for it! You're young!!! You live only once, right!  I will be back to Fenton's! Especially when Vacaville creek walk music series start up in June. Aww, sooner than that, next month during SF cherry blossom festival!  My weakness is ice cream or cookies. You know that monster in me! Hahaha! Lol:) Gotta laugh remember; life's too short to be serious! I love ice cream! It's the kid in me:)  

                I've always wondered what all the hype was about around Fentons. I grew up on Polly Ann and Double Rainbow ice cream so I wasn't sure what i gonna get.   This review is primarily for their ice cream since that's what they're really known for. We came here on our way back from a day trip to Tahoe. It wasn't too busy around 5:30 and we actually came here because Fujis next door was packed! The servers were friendly, we didn't know where to enter the restaurant since there were a couple of doors and entrances.   Now onto the food! The meal itself was good but who goes to Fentons for their burgers?! I got the Fentons crab melt which was pretty good. Although I prefer my crab in chunks, flavor was good. I also paired it with onion rings and those were very crispy; just what I wanted. My friends ordered the same but paired it with curly fries and one ordered the shrimp Po boy. All were tasty and I wish I had the curly fries (next time).   The dessert was what made our meal. We took forever to decide simply because there were just too many options. I scanned just about every picture on yelp to help me with my decision but we all couldn't agree on one choice. We went to and chose the cookie connection out of time and boy were we satisfied! The cookie on the bottom reminded me of a pizookie. The mix of Oreo bits and cookie dough is cream was just the most perfect combination I could ever think of. I rarely eat sundaes but this is something I would definitely come back for. :)  

                This time since we already had dinner, we were here to just take a scoop to go. You would think that being so cold people wouldn't want to have ice cream, but there was still a line to go. There were two people handling the area. It did take some time to get the ice cream, but eventually we got our turn. We tasted the rum raisin and the dark chocolate raspberry swirl. Both were seasonal flavors and both very good. But we ended up getting the Lemon Light as I haven't had it in a while and after our heavy dinner, it was a nice palate cleanser.  Ice cream is always good. Fenton's ice cream is special, but is it more special than other places? Perhaps. Since we do have a Fenton's in Oakland, I wouldnt' travel all the way here, but it's a nice treat to come home after snowboarding.  

                The family and I stopped in on Fenton's just before heading to the airport to fly back home on February 21,2015.   The reasons we choose Fenton's were; their close proximity to the airport and, we assumed the wait time would be quick since they're specialty is ice cream.   After arriving about 4:30 pm, we decided to sit outdoors since there was no wait time for outside seats.   Since we were kinda pressed for time, after looking over the menu, my wife and daughter decided on a sampler platter and I went with a small Cesar salad.  Even though we ordered simple and light,most wait time still ended up to be 25 minutes.   After the food arrived and was tried, I asked my other two what they though. Nothing special was the response.   If in the future I have more time, I'll give Fenton's another shot. Next time I'll try something a bit more complicated and detailed.  

                Two stars for the food, four stars for the ice cream.  I know it's foolish to expect good food at Fenton's; after all, it's all about the ice cream.  But we needed lunch before our big sugar load, and it seemed silly to go somewhere else for lunch when we knew we'd end up here.  Next time, I'd do things differently.  My husband's cheeseburger was dry and barely warm.  My daughter got a grilled ham and cheese, which something that's hard to mess up.  She barely touched it.  I love a club sandwich, but the one at Fenton's is odd.  I guess I missed this in the description, but they put ham on it, in addition to the turkey and bacon.  It was overkill in the meat department.  I didn't eat the ham, but didn't finish the rest of the sandwich, either.  The flavors were just... off.  All these dishes come with potato chips, which is cute in a retro sort of way.  However the chips were too salty to enjoy.  The ice cream sundaes are great, though.  But I have to admit, it feels a little gluttonous to order something that is overflowing and spilling all over the place.  I couldn't finish mine, but it was gooey and delicious.  Service was good here.  I just cant recommend Fenton's for anything other than ice cream.  

                Fenton's has always been really hyped up because they make their ice cream look amazing and extravagant. I've come here a handful of times with my family because my dad really loves this place.  Pros: It's a nice family-friendly diner. It's a really really nice place to spend time with your family and kids seem to love coming here. They have a wide variety of foods and ice cream on the menu. Their ice cream is presented really well and they give a LOT for their specialty ice creams.  Cons: This place is EXPENSIVE. Literally their ice cream is $10. Like two scoops of ice cream is $10. What is that about? The food is REALLY mediocre. Like, it's a little bit better than McDonalds. Yet you're paying $15-20 per dish. Also, the ice cream is supposed to be their specialty of course, but honestly, it's not even like the quality of their ice cream is that good. I've had WAY better. If you're in Sacramento, try Gunther's. It's a million times better.  Overall: Fenton's is completely mediocre and EXPENSIVE. If I'm ever craving ice cream, I'd rather go to Gunther's.  

                If you're in Vacaville you MUST try this place!  Yeah it's a creamery, but they don't just serve ice cream! They serve lunches and dinners with burgers, sandwiches, fries, all-American food! Good for kids too! Kids meal menus have a variety of options to choose from, even for the pickiest little ones. Employees seem to treat the little kids extra special!  Of course, while you're here, you gotta try the ice cream. They have a large assortment of sundaes and specialized ice cream dishes. Each order of ice cream comes with cute and yummy cookies!   The Black and White is a must, with popular single scoop flavors of Cookies and Cream, Vanilla Bean, and even selected fruity flavors!  If the food isn't enough, the service is spot on! They are very customer oriented, with going out of the way to make sure the customers leave happy. Each time I've visited this establishment, I have NEVER seen an employee sigh or roll their eyes at an unreasonable customer. And hey, we've all seen an unreasonable customer in action, it is painful to watch.   Just drop by here, you won't regret it!  Pros: -Ice cream -Good for kids -Large indoor and outdoor seating area -Private room in the back -Clean bathrooms -Employees are on top of it -One of the busiest ice cream places -Must I really go on...?  Cons: -Always is busy, no matter what time of day -Loud and busy environment  Tips: -Ask for seats with the view of the ice cream salon (kids get to see their ice cream being made) -If you are ordering a meal, ask for the ice cream to come after the entree (not during) -Don't leave your kids out! Definetly brign them here!  

                Wow a hidden secret over in Nut Tree! This entire area is new to me, I have not been able to venture over to other businesses but Fenton's was what we were aiming to check out.   WE ALL SCREAM FOR ICE CREAM! :)   I have been to the other location and it is quite over crowded there. This place is huge! There is plenty of tables and booths. The ice cream here is really good! And they change up their flavors every now and then. Great service, the family had a wonderful time here!  

                This was the first time we ordered food at this place. I don;t think the food was super great. Just average. There wasn't anything special about the sauce, or seasonings.  I ordered the shrimp po boy. The shirmp by itself was fine but with the coleslaw and bread, it made everything soggy. The coleslaw was sweet and tangy and I ordered it with sweet potato fries and that was just too much sweet everywhere. I had to sneak some of my bf's seasoned fries to balance out the sweet and salty. My sweet potato fries weren't crisp. so it wasn't that great of a meal.  my bf ordered fish and chips. the fish was a 3/5. it was flaky and moist but i felt there wasn't enough seasoning in it. the seasoned fries were on point. i liked his slaw better because it wasn't sweet or tangy.  my cousin ordered the grilled chicken with onion rings. she said the chicken tasted strange, she wasn't expecting it to taste that way. she felt that it was marinated. her onion rings were crsip but nothing special. not even seasonings.  her bf ordered the crab salad sandwich and they said it was okay.  we ordered dessert and it was the black and tan and the fentons special. it weirdly came out in a cup not in a bowl. we looked at the waitress (who wasn't the original one that was helping us) and pretty much gave a WTF look. My cousin asked why it didn't come in a bowl and the waitresss rolled her eyes and said you have to ask for it. it wasn't logical that it came in a cup when our orders had different ice creams and sauces. i honestly felt like that was a BIG DUHHHHHH, we didn't ask for a shake.  the one in oakland is wayyyyyy better than this place and i suggest making the trip out there instead.  

                My parents and I decided to stop in for lunch as we were starving from a very long day of shopping. Cute little restaurant with soda shop decor. I loved the fact that the kitchen was open so you could see everything being made (especially the ice cream at the ice cream bar). I ordered the avocado burger, my Dad had the BLT, and my Mom ordered the Cobb salad. I think we were all underwhelmed by the food. My burger for lack of better words "sucked", my Dad said his BLT was just okay, and my Mom ended up eating the toppings on her salad.   After we paid our bill, we headed over to the ice cream counter and that saved our Fenton's experience. The ice cream was deliciously sinful! I had the coffee flavored ice cream with cookie dough mixed in and chocolate. It was amazing! So long story short.. do not eat the food, just go for the dessert!  

                Fentons is amazing! The homemade ice cream servings are gigantic and sinfully delicious! They offer soups, salads, and sandwiches but make sure you save plenty of room for the star attraction which is the ice cream!!! They offer a monthly special sundae which benefits a local charity  

                I can't believe I don't have a review of this place yet. With the weather and temperature just a tad below hell, there had to be a Fenton's stop. It's amazing that places like this still exist. With all the quick and easy fast food joints around and places like cold stone and baskin Robbins, it's nice to have a throwback ice cream parlor with real frozen delights.   If you haven't been here before, the food is ok. They have decent sandwiches. The tuna melt is actually pretty darn good. But you come here for the cherry on top or at least leave room for it. I'm old school so I stick with the Fenton's special. When in season, I switch the vanilla to pistachio but I always ask for extra caramel. There is something about their caramel sauce here. It's hazelnutty and isn't overpoweringly sweet.  I recommend you just have the little ones share. The portions are for yetis. Grab a Fenton's hat and don't feel bad for giving yourself a treat.  

                I love me some ice cream so I was excited to make a stop here after shopping all morning with my girls.  What I swallowed:  HALF CRAB SANDWICH WITH CESAR SALAD:  Our waitress completely jacked up order my order and gave us a large fry. When we told her we ordered the fries to share, she gave us back the fries but they were only half the order on a smaller plate/ HUH? <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fentons-creamery-vacaville?select=bCriADWYQwz7qBf9Y1tnHg#R3-bepFjZQzx1l1-uTt8-Q">yelp.com/biz_photos/fent…</a>  BLACK AND TAN SUNDAE (substitute vanilla for the Month's special Oreo Ribbon). The Oreo Ribbon was chocolaty and very decadent. The toasted almond ice cream was scrumptious with the caramel fudge sauce. All three of us were full from our meal but we inhaled this thing. It was delicious. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fentons-creamery-vacaville?select=bCriADWYQwz7qBf9Y1tnHg#bCriADWYQwz7qBf9Y1tnHg">yelp.com/biz_photos/fent…</a>  Three stars for the confusing table service but the ice cream sundae more than made up for it.  

                The waitress, Britt needs to learn waitressing. You don't carry "to go" boxes under your arm and around to other tables before you bring them to the table they are intended for.  She was sweaty and I can imagine it was quite warm under her arm and bossom. Ick! Manager should speak to her.  

                I am absolutely in love with their ice cream selection and sundae creations! There's nothing better than ice cream, chocolate sauce, cherries and whipped cream! Their sundaes are big enough for 2 (or maybe 3 or 4) people to share and even offer a simple scoop of ice cream for those who don't want to fuss with all those toppings! Their ice cream menu is almost as big as their food menu and that's impressive!  Their menu is full of American classics including sandwiches, hot dogs, burgers and salads.  They also offer more exciting options like a crab salad sandwich or a shrimp po boy.  Because I don't like condiments, I opted for the French Dip and it was delicious! Dipping my meat and bread sandwich into au jus sauce and complimenting my meal with french fries made my tummy happy (even though I was only able to finish half).    The restaurant has an old school vibe perfectly executing the ice cream parlor scene.  The staff is friendly and very attentive.  The parking situation is a little weird, but it's doable although there aren't many handicap spots available close by.    Overall, coming her has always been a good experience for me.  The main reason for me to come back is for their ICE CREAM!!!  

                The food was all right, but highlight of our dinner was the ice cream sundae.  We created our own regular size sundae with one scoop of vanilla ice cream and one scoop of Swiss milk chocolate ice cream.  For the sundae topping, we chose the Jersey (malted milk chocolate).  The sundae also comes with almonds, whipped cream and a cherry.  The sundae was the best and the Jersey topping is quite excellent.  I've been to the location in Oakland before and the main difference is the nostalgia of the Oakland spot.  It's a great place to go to with the family and the service was pretty good too.  Give a try if you're in Vacaville.  

                This is a tip for the old lady server during the day we don't want to smell you you smell like an ashtray seriously we came for food if I wanted to smell cigarettes I would have went to a casino     And it might be time to change that dingy shirt I guess for a real Fenton's experience you have to go to Oakland  

                Did I just get charged $3.00 for hot tea? Seriously, for hot water and a tea bag? And did I just get charged $2.00 for an "upgrade from chips to fries"? For $2 I want a whole basket of fries, not a few on the side of my plate! The food sucks and I've given it three chances with three different entres. If this was just an ice cream parlor it would get 4 stars. I would knock off a star just for the prices alone. A $14 sundae?! Well, only when I'm really treating myself am I ok with that :)   Go here only for the ice cream.  It's delicious. Go to a place nearby for lunch or dinner first.  

                Two stars for two words: ice cream.  I loove fentons but this location doesn't give off the same good vibes as the Oakland location. I've only been here about 3 times to get ice cream to-go, and each time I've gone, the server always seems to be annoyed and is very rude! On one occasion I asked for a petite scoop in a cup WITH A LID and she angrily said " you should've told me that you wanted a lid before I scooped your ice cream. now I have to put it in a different container because we don't have lids for the small cups" ...umm OK I did ask for a lid beforehand and why are you even mad though? So sorry notsorry that you had to put in extra effort to put it in a different cup.   Please do yourself a favor and go to the Oakland/piedmont location instead, where they are more than happy to scoop your ice cream AND give you a lid.  

                What I would do for the Swiss chocolate ice cream from Fenton's... You don't wanna know.  After an unpleasant dinner, I decided I would come here to cleanse my pallet. My sister and I shared a single scoop of the Swiss chocolate and a single scoop of the blueberry cheesecake ice cream, and I got my niece 2 scoops of rocky road in a waffle cone. Came out to about $10, which wasn't bad for the size of the scoops and the richness of the ice cream.  The only other time I've had Fenton's ice cream is at Oakland Airport, so you can imagine my excitement when I saw the restaurant. There's a little section that serves ice cream when you enter, and then the rest of the establishment is the restaurant itself. Had a slight diner-feel to it, which was cute.  As always, the Swiss chocolate was simply delicious, and that's a lot coming from someone like myself, who doesn't particularly enjoy a vanilla-type flavor with chocolate chips. I tend to choose more rich flavors, like plain chocolate; however, when it comes to Fenton's Swiss chocolate is my go-to flavor. The blueberry cheesecake wasn't bad either. The rocky road in the waffle cone I didn't even get a chance to sample because I was so full from my single scoop, but man, was it humongous!  I would choose Fenton's over Baskin-Robbins any day :)  

                This was OK... I wish I could say more because I miss the days of Farrell's and the ice cream parlor.  Dating myself, but I like that kind of "thing".  My husband ordered a club sandwich.  Nothing fancy.  He said it was good. We got the chicken nuggets for my toddler - and he was happy to discover that the four nuggets that came on his plate (along with a small fruit salad) were dinosaur shaped.  My sandwich was the crab melt.  Now... the only thing melted on there was the cheese.  The crab meat was cool and it was served on a non-toasted roll.  Very odd.  I thought it would look more like a patty melt with hot crab, cheese oozing on toast. I asked the server and she confirmed that what I had was the crab melt.  But the OTHER crab sandwich, which isn't listed as a melt, does come on toasted bread.  ???  I'm very confused.  The sandwich was OK.  The server offered to change my order, but I knew they would just throw my sandwich away.  I just stuck with it.    We ordered the banana split from the kids menu.  That thing was three large scoops of ice cream with a banana, pineapple chunks, whipped cream and a lovely red cherry on top.  We order this because my son wanted ice cream.  All he had was the cherry.  Thanks for the extra calories.  Anyway, all in all, the meal was OK.  I've done a review on Fenton's in Oakland and the ice cream here is more to my taste.  It was more thick and dense.  The other Fenton's ice cream is too airy.  Don't know if we'll come back.  There are other eateries in the Nut Tree area that we'd probably try first next time, but we could go to Fenton's for dessert.  

                Mr. Fredricksen and Russell brought me here lol (:    As I watched the duo eating ice cream on the sidewalk together, my bf nonchalantly said: "you know that place really exists?"  Me: " :O  are you serious?" Him: "yeah, I went there with my parents." Me: "I HAVE TO GO THERE!!"   And so, months later, I finally visited Fenton's. It's a 30 min drive from where I live, but it was worth it. Luckily a friend had been here before and recommended the Girl Scout cookie sundae aka the thin mint sundae. They put actual pieces of thin mints in the ice cream! It was soooo good! I would definitely come back again for this sundae. I really hope they introduce more sundaes centering around other Girl Scout cookies, specifically the samoas (cough cough). (;  

                Love this place. I've been to their location in Oakland but this location is much better for the following reasons: 1. Bigger establishment with outdoor seating 2. More parking. The Oakland location has a tiny parking lot that holds maybe 15 cars with very limited street parking. 3. Not as crowded. I was there around 5pm or so and there was plenty of seating. I commented about this to the hostess and she said it gets just as busy as Oakland.  They have the same great desserts and service as the original location. If you love good old fashioned ice cream sundaes, Fenton's is the place to go. I ordered a sundae with a scoop of vanilla and mocha almond fudge ice cream with hit fudge and hot caramel sauce. They have to serve your dessert on a plate to catch all the yummy, delicious overflow of toppings.  

                My brother has been raving about this place for years! I finally got the chance to make the drive up here to actually go and try out the food.    Their food is like any other diner food. Not too greasy, portions are great, and everything seemed fresh--not like some places where you feel like you're eating something that was warmed up in the microwave).    I also had the ice cream, and it was really tasty! They even give you two cookies to go along with it.  I must admit though I wish I still had room to try the sundae's and the rest of the good looking desserts! I will definitely come back here again to try out more desserts!  

                This place is always busy, I guess thats a good thing.  What I dont understand is why. the food is not the greatest, the service is always slow, I always feel like I am bothering them when I need to ask for something.  the only saving grace for me is their ice cream.. even then it is super expensive and not some where I like to go all the time.  

                Best ice cream around. Don't think I've ever had any bad sundae or ice cream flavor here. Highly recommended the Sundae of the Month specials... Always something new and delicious!  

                Located in the Nut Tree shopping center in Vacaville off the freeway.   We have made several trips out here for dinner and just ice cream. Most evenings there is a wait time provided that has been accurate.   Host staff is quick to the tables. Food and beverage orders are taken promptly. Staff is quick to insure refills, delivery of food and desserts, and checks are settled efficiently.   Warm food is warm. Ice cream is cold. Appropriately portioned meals and ice cream. Balanced amount of syrup and toppings to ice cream.   Good: family atmosphere, simple menu, simple food balanced food and great service from our server Sara this last trip.  Bad: none at this time.   Overall four stars. We will be back.  

                Super good sandwhiches and great atmosphere. Great place for kids of all ages.  This is at the nut tree which has great shopping and fun place for kids.  

                Always a good time a fentons, we have the bananna split which is definitely large enough for two or three to share the butter pecan ice cream is really good. this time we only came for dessert but I have eaten here as well and the food is alright, it has a nice little old school diner feel with friendly customer service.   I would definitely bring friends or family here for the dessert but for food there are better places, good for kids and adults of all ages  

                Stopped by here after dinner for some dessert.  Went to the dine-out side of restaurant and got the coffee cookie crumble.  One small scoop was about $5.  There was a smaller size scoop (like a kid size scoop) for a dollar cheaper.  For a dollar more, the small is more worth it.    Now for the ice cream.  $5 for a single scoop of ice cream was not worth it.  It tasted like any other ice cream you can get at the store.  I rather get a giant tub of Haagen-Dazs for $5 than a scoop of this for $5.  The coffee cookie crumble had a decent coffee taste and bunches of Oreo bits and cookie dough bits.  I thought it was a bit overly sweet and kinda artificial.  Doesn't taste like a homemade kinda of ice cream that you would get at a small ice cream parlor joint.  Pretty expensive for just a scoop of ice cream.  I've been to better ice cream parlors that give two giant scoops for $5 and tasted better.    I would give the ice cream 2 stars and an extra star for the service.  Probably won't come here unless I'm out with my friends and they really want to grab dessert here.  

                This has always been my treat spot in the area! Old-fashioned sundaes next door to tons of discount shopping (Vacaville Outlets) - what could be better? My favorite ice cream flavor is the Swiss Milk Chocolate. I've also tried a few of their sundaes- my favorite is the Black and Tan (toasted almond and vanilla ice cream with caramel and fudge). Their food menu is basic diner food. Stick to dessert here!  

                Here's a good tip: Skip the food, but do get the ice cream or their special sundaes. *winks*  Fenton's Creamery brings me back nostalgic memories from my high school days. One of my favorite memories from those days was when my friend and I challenged our gigantic tall friend Mason to a Banana Special chow-down. The Banana special has BIG ASS scoops of chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry ice cream with a ripe banana on the bottom and making it rain with some pineapple, strawberry and fudge, PLUS, whipped cream, almonds, and a cherry on top. Up to this day, I still don't understand how my friend and I managed to challenge our other friend Mason and finished our sundae in T-minus 45 minutes. Obviously, Mason takes the win for beating my friend and I to the curb in about T-minus 35-40 minutes.  Flash forward today, Fenton's still has its cute ice cream shop charm. You can take out a scoop of ice cream to go, or you can sit in one of the booths and share a sundae with a friend. Ice cream here is definitely on the pricier side, so if you're a first timer, I recommend sampling some ice cream to-go before you even consider sitting down and ordering a sundae. The ice cream here is very rich and creamy. I just wished some of the staff looked a little more motivated to serve me some ice cream because they looked miserable to work there.  

                The 4 stars is for the ice cream alone.  I've only ever eaten Fenton's fabulous ice cream but boy do I enjoy it.  All the flavors I have tried have been creamy, rich and flavorful.  My personal favorite is their Toasted Almond ice cream.  I get this almost every single time I come in.    Prices are a tad high but I think the quality and size is worth it.  

                It's very rare for me to leave a 5 star review and I'm going to leave one for Fenton's Vacaville because of their great customer service. I mean really, everyone was great. From the hosts to the waitress, they were really awesome.   My girlfriend and I came into this restaurant just to have her try the ice cream which was definitely good, which is expected. I love the layout of the restaurant. They have outdoor and indoor seating around a great shopping area, which makes this a great last stop before you head home. You should definitely stop by here if you just came to visit the outlets!  

                Great place to go with little kids and a good American meal.  

                Nice area. Looks like you are going back in time. Great original iceCream! Try the chocolate peanut butter crunch.  

                Fenton's had been on my radar ever since I went to the one inside the Oakland airport.  I wanted to try one of their ice cream in a non airport location.  Since I was passing through, I stopped here after a nice dinner in Yountville.  I arrived at 8:20, about 10 minutes prior to them closing.  I was seated immediately.    Service was good.  I expected them to rush me so that they could close and go home.  But, that never happened.  With the help of the waitress, I ordered a Cookie Connection.  Within minutes the Cookie Connection came out.  The cookie creation came with a warm chocolate chip cookie under scoops of Cookies n' Cream and Cookie Dough ice cream topped with hot fudge, marshmallow topping, whipped cream, crushed Oreos and a cherry.  It came on a sizable dish.    The Cookies n' Cream ice cream and the Cookie Dough ice cream were indistinguishable to me.  I couldn't tell which one was which.  The ice cream was a little too sweet for my taste.  The chocolate chip cookie at the bottom was no longer warm by the time I got to it.  After eating half of it, I stopped.  I probably should have ordered something else.  Their strawberry ice cream that I had at the Oakland Airport was much better.    Fenton's isn't bad.  The service was good.  The Cookie Connection just wasn't that good to me.  I may have to hit another location or come back and try something different.  

                If you are looking for old school ice cream, this is the place to be.  The ice cream here is terrific.  I had a sundae with a scoop (huge) of butter brickle and a scoop (huge) of moka almond fudge. Topped with fudge, whipped cream and a cherry.  The hot fudge was drizzled along the bottom saucer under the sundae dish.  This is a dream sundae.  Price is a little steep $9ish, but I'll be back because it's well worth it.  

                This was my first time at the Vacaville location.  My Mom wanted something sweet after my cousin's graduation lunch from UC Davis.  We ate at nearby Amicis, and Fenton's was a short walk.  However, I have been to the Piedmont Ave location in Oaktown many times after a movie.  I wasn't going to have anything, but a family member offered me half of their toffee almond caramel crunch.  One scoop is massive and costs $3.95.  I didn't want the food to go to waste, so I helped out (yeah right! - LOL!!!).  The ice cream was just as I remembered:  Rich and Satisfying.  We sat at the bench in the waiting area with other customers, and enjoyed the view of the Christmas tree.  The mango gelato put a smile on my Mom's face too, so it is hard to put a price on that:  4 Stars.  Fenton's might not be the best ice cream in the world, but every time I hear the name, or every time I have visited, it puts a smile on my face.  The only reason I didn't rate this location 5 Stars, is because I would reserve that rating only for the original location in Oaktown.  

