                Running out of meal ideas during Lent? If you're in the San Ramon area, I've found the place for you!  Been eyeing Fish on the Grill since watching their sign go up almost two years ago.  A lay-off caused me a minor delay.  I'm back!  Finally had a chance to pick up some Friday lunch yesterday - Sockeye Salmon grilled deliciously (chose the Cajun seasoning); tasty moist rice and coleslaw came with it.  Opted for Deep Fried Zucchini on the side (excellent-lightly breaded, flavorful and fried on point)!  Went back after work for Round 2 and dinner for the family.  Shrimp Tacos (que rico autentico!), Tornado Potatoes (fun and yummy) and Grilled Chicken (with their signature butter garlic sauce on the side) for the non-Lent family member.  Taste, quality, portion and price cannot be disputed!  

                The food: grilled tilapia with garlic noodles and garlic sauce.  A little disappointed with this spot.  Tried it due to the high yelp reviews but im afraid it wasn't up to par. Waited almost 20 mins for the food, which I dont mind since its fresh but my fish was burnt on on side and it really killed the taste of the pasta. Probably will not be returning.  

                If I wanted fried fish and chips I might come here again.  Otherwise no.  I got the white fish in garlic butter but the burned parts over powered any garlic flavor. My husband got the Cajun and it was way too salty so it undid the healthy aspect of ordering grilled fish.   The wait for food was a little long considering its fish and takes no time to cook.   Restaurant is small.   It's a  3 because I may come here again and give them another chance.   If you are from so cal this is far from the California fish grill we know.  

                I'd give this place * * * * on many levels including service and pricing.  Where it becomes average and A-OK are the other areas such as food variety, quality, and seating.  This $10 entree (average price per entree is $10-15) for fresh fish is prevalent in So Cal for those familiar with California Fish Grill, Malibu Fish Grill, FishBonz Grill, Blue Salt Grill, etc. which offers a variety of fresh fishes for that same price range.  I get a sense that Fish on the Grill is a good place with noble efforts, but maybe due to a lack of volume and foot traffic for patrons, they can't have every fish option available nor maybe even not all of the fish are fresh (possibly frozen) as the inventory turnover I can only imagine isn't that consistent, so it's hard to operate a business model like this.  The food nonetheless is cooked to order, and tastes fresh and delicious.  The grilled zucchini is good, I didn't try the fried zucchini, but tend to like the grilled version best of all.  There is an up charge (additional fee) for converting white rice to brown rice.  The place is small with seating for about two dozen people inside and a few tables outside, but no table bigger than for 4, so harder to accommodate larger groups dining it.  It's counter service ordering, 'tho they bring the food to your table to you.  The parking is easy, it's in San Ramon, which is kinda a Nor Cal suburbia people live at or pass though, but nobody goes to visit per se.  

                Delicious! I've enjoyed various fish sandwiches and fish plates here, and have never been disappointed. I especially like the fish grilled and with either cajun or lemon & pepper flavor. The red snapper and mahi-mahi are great but definitely get the sea bass when it's available!  Aside from the tastiness, I appreciate that this place offers something for the health-conscious. Definitely one of my favorite places in San Ramon - so much so that, strange as this may seem, this is what I elected to have for my recent birthday celebration dinner. Yeah, the food might not be fancy but it sure helps justify following up with a decadent dessert!  

                Good was ok. Coleslaw tastes identical to KFC. Had to order twice to get what I wanted and even then the second order of shrimp was over cooked also. Husband had halibut tacos which were ok but a second choice because the ribs were out and the halibut itself wasn't thawed yet.  

                The halibut was terribly overcooked and garlic pasta bland. The saving grace was fried oysters and grilled zucchini.  

                Wow..this place gave me a curve ball.  I want to give some dishes (trout plate, fish sandwich, the cole slaw) all five stars as they were great with the cajun spice.  Just as good as any high end restaurant.    One issue is the shrimp plate.  Six of the smallest pieces of shrimp possible.  Shrimp was dry and chewy.  Do not order.  Next issue is filth.  Any reason the floor at the base of the counter (basically the first place you stand in this place) can't be cleaned?  The dirt is so thick it is like a black paste.  If I could not see into the kitchen, I would not eat here.  One star for that...lucky they have some very good dishes to offset the overall rating.  

                Although they have NO OPTIONS for vegetarian, I can't knock 'em for it. It's my lifestyle after all.  So with that said, I decided to do some carb-loading. lol.  Ordered the: Fried Zucchini: With ranch is delicious, it's more of a breading type of fried instead of the tempura batter fried. Sweet Potato Fries: YUMMERS! Cannot go wrong!  Regular Fries: Really good.  I went potato cray but whatevs.  The place itself is rather small, but they do have indoor seating. They have outdoor seating as well, which is where we sat. Perfect for people-watching :)  

                Disappointing.  Waited over 30 minutes for our food which came out lukewarm.  The girl at the cash register who brought our food didn't even apologize for the long wait.  I didn't particularly like the person handling cash to also handle our food without gloves, not to mention that she had really long hair which she didn't even tie back. Unfortunately during the long wait, I also noticed that the establishment was not particularly clean.  It's a shame because we really love fish and was hoping to finally find a local eatery with good fish.  

                What a pleasant surprise this place turned out to be.    I had a craving for seafood and we happened to be in the area, so this was a perfect choice for lunch.  Though I was actually jonesing for fish & chips, I ended up ordering the White Fish sandwich, which came with fries and a drink.  The fish was super tender and flavorful.  The fries are shoestring, so not the steak fries you would traditionally get. Nonetheless, the fries were cooked perfectly, just enough crispiness on the outside.  Maybe it was because the fryer had just heated up and the oil was still "fresh".   We also ordered Tilapia tacos, two per order.  Very hearty and the flavors were on point.  And lastly, the BBQ Ribs (1/4 rack) served with coleslaw and fries.    Staff was friendly.  Location is in a shopping complex that houses Safeway and CVS, two doors down from Game Stop.  Interior is tiny, which I imagine calls for more of to-go, in-and-out crowd.  There are at least two tables that allow for parties between 2-4 inside, and a few more tables on the outside.    All in all, a great experience.  We'll definitely be back for more!  

                Absolutely LOVE this place!!! I get the grilled salmon with (extra) Cajun seasoning at LEAST once a week. Very tasty, very fresh, affordable and HEALTHY food!!! So happy this place is here. Have yet to try anything from the fryer, but from the looks of other customers' plates, it should be delicious!!!  

                Wow average 4 stars for this place given by other yelpers.    The batter was so thick and the seafood didn't seem fresh to me.  We went on a Saturday afternoon and the oil tasted old.    We got the fried calamari, shrimp and fish.  The only thing I enjoyed were the fries.  But you can get good fries anywhere.  Service was really good though.  Sorry, I think I've had better fried seafood.  

                We got the white fish with garlic butter sauce and garlic pasta! It was delicious. The fish was juicy and the sauce was on point! Definitely coming back here!   The service was good. The only down side is that the restaurant is small but  you can dine outside .  

                Good on presentation, but not execution.   After ordering a grilled red snapper with coleslaw, rice & garlic butter sauce and waiting a few minutes, the food came. The presentation was amazing, neat and colorful. However, it turned out to be hard to eat, tasting of somewhat burnt fish covered with the taste of garlic.   Fish itself was well cooked, and the coleslaw and rice were fantastic, but it is the fish that makes the dish, and in this case it sure didn't.   Overall, an okay place for a quick bite, but I recommend getting something fried. It's hard to mess that up.  

                I came here on a Tuesday around lunchtime. The plaza was really crowded, and there was a steady stream of customers inside. Seating is pretty limited, with maybe five tables inside and a couple scattered outside. It's an informal, to-go sort of place, where you order when you first walk in and then pick your own seat.   Grilled white fish (Cajun-style): (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fish-on-the-grill-san-ramon?select=-CuL1Uuu6FQRO7dvH7FUcg#mHgovW25t3QC-pZyC6tHEw">yelp.com/biz_photos/fish…</a>) I ordered this to go and added on brown rice for $0.50. I appreciate that they had the option, but I think they forgot to exchange the usual white rice for brown rice, something I didn't notice until I opened the box when I was already far away. It wasn't a big deal, but make sure to check everything before you leave! The white fish could either be made with garlic butter sauce or Cajun-style. I tried the Cajun and liked it, but I didn't find it to be particularly amazing. The fish itself was pretty tender and well-grilled though. The coleslaw on the side was unmemorable, and the rice was a little overcooked.   For the price, I think this is a reasonable place for a quick, informal lunch. I'd stop by for a bite if I'm shopping in the plaza, but it's not something I'd crave and come back for specifically.  

                A few of us went to lunch today and were pleasantly surprised with Fish On The Grill.  The Tilapia tacos were outstanding!  The Fish was flavorful, generous portions with grilled onions, bell peppers and cilantro.  The corn tortillas had a thin spread of coleslaw so the flavor combination was fantastic.  You can add chili sauce and fresh lemon which they give you on the side.  The chili sauce had slight sweetness and then the chili kicks in. Needless to say, my mouth was having a party. I also had the Fried zucchini.  This was not greasy and tasted so fresh and very crispy.   Another co-worker had the lamb chops on a bed of rice with grilled zucchini.  The lamb was cooked to perfection.  The sock-eye salmon lunch was again a large portion.  The Cajun season was moist and flavorful.  The white rice had a hint of butter flavor which complimented the salmon and the coleslaw had a bit of citrus background note. We will definitely be back!  

                Fish on the Grill did not leave a lasting impression on me.  I ordered the grilled tilapia with the garlic butter sauce and all I could taste was burnt fish being covered up by a heavy garlic taste.  The fish was not overlooked, but where the fish touched the grill caused it to be really burnt!  Blah and nasty!  Don't think I will ever come back here, so many other places to eat around here that deserve my returning business.  If you ever do come here maybe try the fried stuff.  It's hard to screwup something when it's fried!  

                I don't know what some of these people are talking about.  Truly a sweet place my Dad and I found tonight.  My Dad came up with the idea of finding a local, seafood place, with various normal dishes, including trout, salmon, halibut, cod, red snapper, shrimp, more more more...  I ran an internet search and quickly found Fish on the Grill, in San Ramon, about ten minutes from our old ranch home in Alamo.  We found them open, brightly lit, very inviting, with parking right up front.  They were busy when we parked and ready to take our order when we walked inside.  Tremendously bright, sweet girl was taking the order up front.  I noticed the cook very dutiful at the stove, cleaning the grill and readying for the next order.  The place is clean and nice.  The menu is impressive, really a great choice of products.  The young lady greeting us was polite, very personable, and genuinely cared about our experience.  She asked us to please feel free to provide us any honest feedback as this was important to the restaurant, and I began considering any and all that would help her with her request.  The food was provided very quickly.  It was beautifully laid out on nice solid platters, and a bounty of food, very hot, very fresh, very nicely done.  Everything was Fresh..  very fresh, and my cod was perfect... my dad's salmon plate over brown rice was Nice..  I mean it.  The experience was great from start to finish. I'll definitely be going back and will tell others to try.  This was my experience and I'd urge others to try.  

                So glad I tried this place after passing by so many times.  Fried snapper and grilled mahi mahi with creamy garlic sauce over rice.  Both were very good.  Cole sale lacked flavor but it's a side dish.   Will be back again!  

                Went yesterday to have lunch. Food was okay, service was good but what ruined my experience was the obnoxious cooker putting horrible low IQ music  and signing out loud which sound like screaming hysterically TOTALLY INAPPROPRIATE  for a restaurant environment.  

                The entire family loved this place.  We got the garlic butter over grilled white fish with brown rice and grilled zucchini  The fish was grilled perfectly, a good portion of brown rice and the garlic butter sauce was very yummy.    Two white fish tacos...the toppings were grilled onions and green bell peppers, it's a little different from the traditional fish tacos, but the hot veggies worked for me.  everything was very flavorful and the fish was FRESH.  ordered a side of fried zucchini and was just amazed at the freshness of the vegetable, perfect crunchy coating of breading and served piping hot.  you have to ask for a side of ranch, which makes all the difference.  Yum, can't wait to go back and try their other menu items :)  

                Stopped by here a few times already and have always been impressed! There are different variations of salmon here, socket-eyed salmon and king salmon are my favorite choices and their tornado chips are unique and delish. The food is super fresh and the girl that works here is very friendly and attentive.  The place is a little small so sometimes it can get packed and I just take it to go sometimes, but will definitely be coming back here often!  

                If you are looking for a casual fish place and in the area you should give Fish on the Grill a try.   This is a small restaurant with limited seating; inside has four 2-tops and two 4-tops; outside has four 2-tops with some additional communal tables.  Ambiance is casual, fast food style.  Grill items come with rice and coleslaw.  Grill items come with garlic butter or Cajun style preparations.  I was surprised that the garlic butter was a cream sauce.  I suggest you get sauces on the side since the entree and fish tacos both had more sauce than we normally like.  We added asparagus from the special board.  Suggestion for the owner -- call the garlic butter sauce a creamy garlic butter sauce.  

                went here yesterday and had the mahi mahi and red snapper. they were both excellent. make sure to get the garlic sauce  

                I work in San Ramon and I would just like to say that it's somewhat difficult to eat healthy when most of the food choices in this city consist of Chinese food places and fast food restaurants. I have to hand it to this place though for changing things up a bit and offering a different selection, not to mention a friendlier food option for those of us who don't just want to eat a cheeseburger or go to Fat Maddie's every day on our lunch breaks.  So here it goes. First off, this restaurant is tiny, it's literally a little whole in the wall. I went around 12:20 and every table was taken inside except for one. Granted, there were only about 6 two to three person tables and I didn't plan on staying anyway, nor would I choose to sit in to eat at this restaurant given the claustrophobic conditions. However, I ordered. The menu was simple but since I had never been before I struggled through it a bit with only a little help from the person taking my order at the register. I only knew what to order and which flavor styles they offered because I had previously looked up reviews on Yelp. I decided on the Cajun style white fish with brown rice which also came with coleslaw. The fish was tender, light and tasted as I expected. I was pleasantly surprised. They also have other food options like fish tacos and fish and chips, which I'm sure are also pretty good.  So that was lunch. Nothing mind-blowing about it, but I felt like for the options at hand, it was a pretty healthy choice and I enjoyed it. The salmon looked pretty good so I may come back and try that another day.  

                Little place tucked away in a busy shopping center, this place packs during lunch.  Since our kids were rowdy that day, we decided to order to-go and eat outside.  We did the fried white fish for the kids (comes with slaw and fries) & my friend and I shared a grilled shrimp salad and white fish tacos.    The fried white fish is delicious!  Panko crusted, light, flaky, and melts in your mouth - yum!  The fish tacos come in 2nd place - grilled fish topped with sauteed onions and peppers and all over a small bed of slaw all to be pocketed in two small white tortillas.  Very tasty.  The shrimp salad is beautiful - but unfortunately was dressed with this weird, sour spicy dressing that had no other flavor other than sour and spicy.  It sort of rendered the salad inedible to me.  The grilled shrimp on it was good, but I couldn't bring myself to continue eating the salad after a few bites because of the dressing.  Too bad too because it's served in a large tostada looking shell.  I really wanted to like it and tried, but it was a dressing fail.  Still, everything we ordered was very fresh.    We only ordered three things and we had to wait 15 minutes - so in the future, I'd likely call in an order to pick up.  

                Have only been there once for lunch.  Ordering is pretty easy, and food was ready in a reasonable amount of time.  The fish was cooked.  There were a few burnt grill marks on the fish as other reviewers mentioned, but it was still edible.  Went with brown rice.  Know the feeling when you ate, your full, not stuffed, and you feel satisfied?  That's how I felt.  

                Sorry but the fish here was the worst we have ever eaten. Fresh off the nuclear reactor and the microwave. I had the fish tacos, which seemed pretty safe but somehow managed to have zero flavor while at the same time being greasy and very nasty looking and covered with an unidentified chopped vegetable substance. My partner had the salmon, our advice to you, don't.  

                We were on the hunt for a casual lunch on an errand day...and this sounded good.  Very small place was empty on a Saturday?  I guess our mistake was not ordering the grilled fish, but the fried called our names.  Both the calamari and shrimp were over cooked, and the breading was way to thick and greasy.  The shrimp was not properly cleaned (yuck) Fries were just OK, and slaw was bland.  I would come back and try grilled fish, maybe.  

                Fish on the Grill is a small restaurant with limited seating, but they serve fresh fish prepared the way you like it either grilled (with a choice of garlic butter sauce or Canjun style seasoning), fried, taco combos, sandwiches or salads at reasonable prices. My hubby had the grilled red snapper, brown rice and coleslaw. My daughter had the fried shrimp, fries and coleslaw. I had the grilled mahi mahi, zucchini and brown rice. The fish and veggies were fresh, flavorful and healthy large portions.  

                Ordered To-Go from this spot today for lunch and IT WAS AMAZING. I ordered the fish tacos and the salmon (cajun-style). Yes - I was very hungry today.   SO DELISH.... taco was to die for and the salmon was perfectly cooked!  Only bad thing was that this place didn't have a website or menu available to look at other than the one photo that someone added to their yelp page - barely readable. But hopefully they get a website up and running soon since they're fairly new!  

                I didn't want to change my rating, it's still good! I just wished that they had a large size of fried zucchini, I can't get enough of it!  

                Service was friendly and food is fresh made to order. Portions are big! I ordered the grilled white fish with garlic butter sauce and added grilled zucchini and sweet potato fries. The upgrades were in addition to the rice and cole slaw that it normally comes with. For the kids we also got the garlic butter chicken. It was decent but a tad bit dry. Son ate it and hubby approved. Daughter gobbled all my fish and sweet potato fries. Very flavorful and the pricing is great for the big portions that you get. There is a little seating inside and also a little bit of seating outside. Great for kids. I have a 4 & 6 year old and they could eat, then move around outside. Very thankful for yelp or else we would not have found this place. We'll definitely come back!  

                Having moved to San Ramon, we were disappointed with most of the restaurants we tried.  That is until we stumbled upon Fish on the Grill tonight.  Allen, the owner, who we also met tonight has a great concept:  grilling fish, which equates to healthy food.  Especially when given the option for brown rice, grilled vegetables, salads, etc...  Of course, you can splurge on your diet and indulge on some good ol' fried fish too.The prices are very reasonable and the portions are just right.    DH and I both ordered the Mahi-Mahi and it was really good; DH had his cajun, mine was plain with some lemon juice.  I ordered grilled zucchini as well.  Although initially disappointed it was too oily, Allen (owner) didn't flinch, scowl, or seemed annoyed when he volunteered to grill me another batch.  I bring this up because this is rare nowadays...most times whenever something doesn't come as expected, the critique is met with disdain, but not here...they are very accommodating and eager to please.  Their vinaigrette dressing, which is homemade is really different, but really good.  It's got a nice kick to it, which you don't expect, but that is countered by a sweet, fruity flavor.    Needless to say, we will be adding this place to our very small "go-to" restaurants in San Ramon.  

                Consistently excellent food each time I eat here, and that's often. From the halibut, trout, salmon, grilled shrimp tacos, to the catfish, grilled zucchini, and so on. The only thing I wasn't so crazy about was the Chilean Sea Bass, the bones weren't cleaned well (however, the first time it was great). I usually get the fish grilled with cajun seasoning, white or brown rice, and the side salad. Great food, prices and service. A great addition to the San Ramon area; I can't wait to go again (hoping to go tonight). Keep up the good work and get that liquor license!  

                I got my mind on my money, and...my fish on my mind? It must've been *Seafood Saturday* according to my stomach! I dropped by this little restaurant as I was informed by Yelp that it's a Make-A-Fish foundation and I was eager to donate my hunger to the cause.  On the menu are several offerings of grilled and fried fish as well as chicken, shrimp, calamari and complementary extra sides that are most certainly not complimentary. I picked out the grilled Mahi Mahi with sweet potato fries to-go and went home with my catch of the day.  The Mahi Mahi was grilled well and I am definitely a fan of the white rice that was complementary AND complimentary...I'm sure I paid for it with the meal but shush! Sweet potato fries were thick and cleanly fried with a golden color - ciao bella! They also include a small serving of cole slaw to complete my *Seafood Saturday*.   Hunger was fully donated after my meal and I am just happy to help create more space in the ocean for other fishes to swim by putting one into my stomach - a noble gesture indeed.  

                So my lovely spouse says to me, "Hey, you! I'd like a snack! Where should we go?" Mind you, she's driving and before I can utter a word, the car is making a bee line towards Fish on the Grill.  Heck, I didn't even know the place existed!  On the one hand the place should be called "Fish on the Grill in the Hole in the Wall!" That's because this place is small. There is is seating outside but for the most part, they just a few tables inside.  The food, and the reason my spouse drove here is fine. This isn't gourmet by any imagination I know of. But, it's hot, it's fresh, and depending on how the cook the fish, it's healthy.  I had the fish tacos and it was filling. My spouse, the snacker, had some beef dish in which my fork could get anywhere near. By the meals end she had a happy plate! And for that matter, so did I!  In conclusion, I'd buzz by here again just for giggles and kicks...and for a fish plate that comes at a reasonable price.  

                I finally tried this place.   Dr Oz recommends 2 servings of trout (or salmon)  Omega 3 to prevent dry skin, so I decided last week I'd get my fish intake.  Menu was simple.  Grilled fish was prepared garlic butter, cajun, or curry.    I ordered grilled halibut $16 as it was the special.   Hubs fish n chips and side of fried oysters.  DD side of fried shrimp.  My fish was thin and dry.  Not overcooked dry (though this fish can easily be overcooked if not careful), but more frozen dry (which probably explains why they have sauce).  I wanted to try the halibut pure to taste the natural fish flavor.  The only thing that made it ok was the tartar sauce (homemade, chilled, & quite tasty) from my 4 yr old 's dish. I'm used to flaky, buttery grilled thick cut of fish.  This was not, at all.   This was more like a.....hmmmm.....Filet O Fish from Mickey D's across the way.  (Sorry,  I had to say it but that's exactly what it tasted like sans the bun).  The portion was also small.     What I did really enjoy was the rice.  I don't eat a lot of carbs.   But I must say, this rice was good, like they cooked it in butter and a stock.  Plus, the grilled zukes were fresh and perfect.  Coleslaw, eh.  Overall, I wouldn't order the halibut again.   At least not for $16.  Hubs loves fish n chips.   He orders this whenever he sees it on the menu.  He had high expectations.   Well, I must say, the 1st bite already ruined it for him.  They use a panko to fry the cod.  Yeah, add the fact it was overly crispy making it just scratch the roof of your mouth every time.  Fish n chips is like a staple with beer battered flour.  Prepared anyway else, well, it doesn't work.  His fried oysters were using the same panko.  The oysters themselves were plump & juicy, a plus.   But, again,  too crunchy for such a delicate oyster texture.    We asked for some cocktail sauce.   It was homemade with a kick of horseradish.   It was GOOD with the oysters.    My daughter was the only one who thoroughly enjoyed her butterfly fried shrimp.  It was as crunchy as the oysters & fish n chips.    Service was quick,  hot, fresh,  made to order.    This place is more of a take out place.   But we dined in.  We sat near the cashier.   I was listening to what people were ordering---- fish tacos, cajun style fish, sweet potato fries.    Although it wasn't a great 1st impression (food wise), I want to try the tacos.  

                This place was pretty good. I like how it's casual and reasonably priced. There is a large variety of fish for you seafood lovers. I got the fish tacos, which were good, but not great. My wife got a salmon plate which again was pretty good, but not great. I will definitely come back to try fish and chips, though.  

