                Great food, friendly staff and the chef/owner is an extremely kind person.   I have yet to order something I haven't enjoyed.  

                Walked in here with a friend who's been here before. It's her under spot in San Lorenzo. I never knew this was here. Surprisingly, this place is good for Indian Lunch Buffet. Very flavorful and nice staff. It was nice that they had an open kitchen.   Be back!  

                If I could give half stars, I would give it a 3.5.  The prices were great The samosas were yummy as was the cilantro chutney.  The aloo ghobi and the korma were just okay.  I would go back, but I have also had better.  The staff were very polite and on top of water refills, etc.  

                Yum!!! This was such a good lunch spot!   Le BF and I were heading back from Modesto to the East Bay and I had a hardcore Indian craving so I Yelped this delicious spot.   The lunch buffet is only 10 bucks and is DELICIOUS! I'm gonna be honest - I don't know what a lot of the things we ate are called but there was great variety and it was super tasty. The owner and waiters were all very friendly and attentive. I can't wait to go back. I liked the atmosphere too - lots of families and couples relaxing on a lazy Sunday afternoon.  Food was a bit on the cold side - my only complaint. Other than that DELICIOUS!  

                Love coming here for good Indian food. The staff is friendly and the food taste delicious. My husband and I like to come here often on the days we are to tired to cook.  

                Last night we were exhausted and wanted something yummy, so of course I came on yelp to see something we hadn't had that delivered. My boyfriend told me he's never had Indian food, so our decision was easily made when I came across Flavor Of India! We ordered the karahi chicken, butter chicken, and chicken tikka masala. Everything was full of flavor, they gave us huge helpings of the dishes as well as yummy rice to go along with it. I also ordered 3 orders of the garlic naan, which came with a lot more than I was expecting. Yay for left overs! The only down side was that delivery took about an hour and 15 minutes, which was understandable since it was a Friday night, plus they sent a text message to my phone letting me know it would be a bit longer and what time my order would be delivered by. We will definitely eat here again and again!  

                Yea this spot was on hit it was my 2nd time coming here n I brought my moms this time and she loved it she really couldnt believe how good it was we ordered hella stuff and it was still under $50 so she was hyped bout that too i got the lamb curry extra spicy haha i wished it was spicier but no complaints it was on hit  

                Good but not great. Saffron in San Carlos is way better. Lot of variety but few standouts. The gulab jamuns were really good. Smells a lot, something of an issue for me as I hate leaving a restaurant smelling like it. You have to ask for garlic naan but they're really good - so definitely ask.  

                I guess you get what you pay for. A more affordable Indian buffet place, but the food wasn't great. Lacks in both presentation and taste.  Much better places elsewhere whether that's East Bay or Peninsula.  

                I went to this place for the first time after hearing how amazing this place was. And OMG their Tikka Masala is to die for. Has that sweet creamy and aromatic taste that makes you want to lick the bowl. Their Mango Lassis are awesome too clear your palette for more food. I will definitely be frequenting this place.  

                I came home from a particularly hard day at work and sighed heavily as walked into the kitchen to make dinner. My husband stopped me and said "Let me pour you a glass of wine and put on Dexter. I ordered delivery." (I'm spoiled) I was expecting pizza or Chinese. Imagine my surprise when Indian food showed up!  The food was fresh and delicious with just the right amount of spice. It was exactly what I needed after that day.  I ordered delivery again last night for a small party we were having. It was just as delicious as the first time. Everyone went back for seconds.   Only 4 stars because delivery takes a little long... Ordered at 5:30, delivered at 6:50.  

                The glutton in me was looking forward to trying the dinner buffet BUT it wasn't offered the night we dined here (it was a Thurs.) Dinner buffet is available on Fri.,Sat., and Sun. only.   Hubs and I were greeted and seated immediately. The menu is pretty large with tons of options, almost overwhelming. We ordered the garlic naan $2 (recommended by fellow yelp stars), chili chicken ($9) and chicken vindaloo ($9). White rice comes with (no brown rice available).   We were given a complimentary crispy bread thingie with seeds (sorry I don't know what it was) with 2 dipping sauces. It was okay nothing I have had before. Dinner was served family style 15 minutes later. Cooked up fresh from the chef in the back (somewhat open kitchen) Both chicken dishes were very good but the chili chicken was my favorite. It was spicy with red pepper flakes, green bell pepper, onions and tomato. Garlic naan, where have you been hiding? wow, it was hot, soft and delish. Next time forget the white rice and give me a basket of garlic naan instead. Servings are enough if you aren't famished.   Service was very attentive. Our waiter answered a few menu questions, refilled our waters and made sure we had everything needed.   Place is clean, has tons of seating and a TV playing Bollywood videos.   They deliver for free with a $25 minimum order. Open 7 days a week and lunch buffet available everyday.  

                Every time we visit and it's every week or two. Everything is so good. We try a new dish each. Very nice people. Excellent.  

                I like the decor and music. However the florescent lighting did not look very good. A lot of parking spaces available in the parking lot in front. We came for a dinner buffet on the weekend, but apparently it is only available for the morning/lunch.   Food was delicious. Complimentary appetizer of some big baked chips came with two spicy sauces, pretty good. Entrees came with rice. When our food came, we thought the portion size would be too small, but it was more than enough. Chicken tikka masala had great sauce. Mushroom mattar paneer had homemade cheese with texture like tofu. The sauce was great as well, and it was my favorite dish. We also ordered garlic naan which was cooked well.   Servers provided great service. Our water was always filled. They came, perhaps, a bit too much.  

                I called in an order for pickup and swung by to snag a tasty Sunday lunch.  The veggie samosas are HUGE. Seriously, I already started to feel full after eating just one (there are 2 in the order). Veggie biryani was delicious -- very flavorful and they did not skimp on the veggies. The yogurt sauce that the lamb korma came in was amazingly flavorful! It mixed beautifully with the side of basmati rice that came with it (I always forget that when you order a main dish, it'll come with its' own side of rice).  The only item that I wasn't too fond of was the paneer naan (bread stuffed with cherry, raisins and nuts). It was like the naan had been stuffed with a maraschino cherry jam. The texture weirded me out a little bit and it didn't taste too great either :( Not a favorite, probably won't get it again.  All of that for under $30! And we were so stuffed that we had enough for two meals. Two! Lunch AND dinner! That's music to my ears.  

                Stopped by a few weeks ago to satiate my Indian food craving, and Flavor of India hit the spot!  They've got a nice selection of different protein/vegetarian options. The food tasted fresh, and the chef got the level of spice just right. The vibe in the restaurant was very welcoming, and the servers were on point even with a filled restaurant. It was also super cool to see the pothos plants growing along the walls as their decoration.  We'll be back for some more for sure!  

                I LOVE this place! Everything is always so fresh! The staff is super nice! I've been there a few hand full of times and have enjoyed every time!  The garlic naan is the best! chicken tikka masala and butter chicken are my two fav chicken dishes. If you haven't tried this place it's a must!  

                Ordered food to go on a Monday night at around 6:30pm. It wasn't really busy and yet I had to wait for about 20 minutes. Because of this, I gave it 4 stars. However, staff were friendly and accommodating. They offered beverages while I waited.   This place newly opened a few months ago and is located in a plaza. Parking is readily available.   I ordered the traditional and garlic naan, chicken tiki masala and buttered chicken. They offer various types of naan. The garlic naan is soft and the garlic isn't overpowering. Chicken tiki masala is my usual order at other Indian cuisines, but this one is by far the best one I've had. The  smell of the curry is not as potent as others. The buttered chicken is sweeter and very saucy, yet not watery.   Because I work a block away, this place definitely has lunchtime written all over it!  

                Indian food in San Lorenzo ???  Had the buffet for lunch today and it was pretty damn legit. Get service and a nice atmosphere in the place. The food choices were pretty much the basics and was just as good, if not better than some of the buffets Ive been to in SF and fremont.  Only problem is that I think I ate TOO MUCH. wooo man...  

                Food is still  delicious but no dinner buffet,  not even  on the weekends.   Affordable,  delicious  and good service.   Solid go to Indian food and good place to take out of town guests.  

                We went last night and the whole experience was very good.  The staff was friendly and helpful, and the food was absolutely delicious.  I can't recall the names of all the dishes, but they were all excellent, albeit a little on the small side.  What I do recall was curry shrimp, a dish with chicken, another with paneer, and then we had the rice, onion naan, and paneer naan, all incredibly tasty.  Oh, and the papadum was very good as well.  We'll definitely be going back, and plan to try out the buffet over a weekend sometime.  If you like Indian food, you'll enjoy Flavor of India.  

                I've been looking for an Indian restaurant near my house and didn't realize there was a good one right by me! Very good lunch buffet. Very clean.  

                I was craving a little spice in my life today  . So I thought Indian Food for dinner was a good idea .  So I jumped in to my whip White Beast and rolled to the new Indian Restaurant Flavor of India in San Lorenzo .  I parked my Whip White Beast in front and rolled in . I was greeted and seated and presented a Menu .  I chose the Ayce  Buffet . It was well stocked Fish pakora  , Chicken  pakora  , Tandoori Chicken and other Indian favorites .  I was brought a basket of fresh Naan bread . The food was fresh and had great flavors very Spicy .   The buffet is a good deal at $9.99.  The have a LCD playing Bollywood music videos. For Entertainment .  I paid by Discover card and rolled out .  Flavor of India is a Welcome addition to the San Lorenzo Area.  

                I placed a delivery order for the chicken wrap, basmati rice, fish pakora, lamb saag, and garlic naan.  EVERYTHING was absolutely delicious and fresh. Fish pakora was perfectly cooked and very succulent; the lamb was very tender and the garlic naan was very savory.  I ordered everything spicy, but it wasn't very spicy, so next time I order I'll have the extra spicy option if I'm in the mood for a "kick".  Portions are enough for 2 people - very generous.  The delivery person was very polite and FAST!  Love this fare and will definitely place orders in the future!  

                Lunch Buffet is on point!!!  The spiciness and quality is what I've been looking for in the East Bay. I've been looking for an indian place close to Castro Valley, Aroma was not the answer. After experiencing a car break-in at Favorite Indian, I had to look elsewhere.  Flavor of India has a friendly staff, delicious food, and very cheap buffet.  The strip mall it is located in is sketchy so i'd recommend only going here for lunch. On my way out, I was approached by a family selling trinkets of some sort. Don't let that scare you though! I still give this place 5 stars  

                Unfortunately, I have to change my review. My husband and I recently came here after having several good experiences but this time it was different. The first few times they had a dinner buffet now they no longer offer the dinner buffet. And when asked about it they tried to act like they never had it before!   So we order off the menu and choose the butter chicken and shrimp curry. When the food comes out, its the smallest portions I could imagine. Insane. Then when we try the shrimp, they are bad! They were not fresh at all and had gone rancid.   We tell the waiter and explain but he seems like he barely understands what we are saying. He thinks we don't like it. He doesn't get the shrimp are bad.   We then get the bill and they still charged us for the shrimp curry! How can you charge customers for food that has spoiled?  It was however cheap enough that we didn't say anything and left.   We will not be back. It's too bad because the food does taste great when it's fresh.  

                Ordered dinner on a Thursday at 5pm when they opened .... 1hr 30mins later I called restaurant and they tell me driver left 20mins ago and will be arriving any minute now.. It should not take more than 2hours to get my food to be delivered....So I decided to check with eat24 since I ordered through them... The restaurant  tells eat24 that the driver got in an accident ... Really... Are you serious ....I understand that sometimes accidents happen but it would have been nice to have gotten a call letting us know what the delay was... Sorry I don't want that cold food ... Had to return it ... Extremely disappointed that we didn't get to try the food but customer service sucks big time!!!  

                Best butter chicken in San Lorenzo!  Although that's not saying much, I do not say it lightly. I loooove my butter chicken and after trying it at various places, this newbie in town makes it the best.   However, their other dishes are great too. Their chicken tikka is flavorful, their garlic naan is just the right amount of garlic-y deliciousness.   I tried their mango lassi (mango yogurt drink) and it was fresh and refreshing.  All in all, just your friendly neighborhood Indian restaurant that serves both Northern and Southern cuisine with all the usual suspects.   Fast, reliable, and reasonably priced. Also a great option for takeout!  Like the "Favorite Indian Restaurant" chain, they serve lunch buffets M-TH and dinner buffets Fri-Sun. The prices are generally the same. $10-11 for all you can eat.   However, unlike Favorite Indian Restaurant, I prefer Flavor of India's richer and more aromatic cooking. I'm so glad this place came to town!  4 STARS from moi!  

                I love how there is finally an Indian restaurant in San Lorenzo!   This restaurant is very inviting. I love their naan, Butter chicken and how it's an all you can eat buffet on the weekends. Their servers are very friendly. Now I'm beginning to become one of their known regulars.  

                I placed an order that would have been about $28 before tax ($3 more than their minimum for delivery) except they informed me they didn't have one of the appetizers I wanted. This brought the pre-tax total to $24. The man taking my order said I needed to order $1 more to qualify for delivery "would you like a soda?" I said no, and since they didn't have the appetizer that was on their menu, perhaps they should waive this little $1 issue. He said no they wouldn't "did you want more naan?"  I cancelled the order and will never order from here again so now they lost a lot more than just $1. Dumb way to run a business.  

                The buffet between 11-3pm is definitely the business. Amazing food, definitely a spot worth remembering.  

                Food here was really good and prices were excellent. We live right around the corner and for some reason never stopped by. We ordered through the Yelp app and food was very prompt, still hot, and we even got extra naan! Definitely a fan and will be back for more.  

                Excellent butter chicken. The chai tea was in a help-yourself thermos. That was nice because it was also excellent and I could refill when desired.  As Arnold says, I'll be back.  

                Drinks are included in the cheap lunch buffet price of $8.99!!! Came out to $9.80 with tax. All my friend could say was "so worth."     The interior was clean and bright, and there was plenty of seating available. We chose one of the 4 booths to sit at and got started right away.   Water was filled and naan was brought to our table while we grabbed food and when we asked for garlic naan they were more than happy to cook us up a new batch. Our finished plates were cleared right away. We also stayed there for awhile just chatting and no one rushed us out. That's good customer service right there!   They had a wide variety of offerings on the main buffet table (about 16) including goat curry, curry egg, butter chicken,chicken tandoori, basmati rice, vegetable samosas, fish pakora, etc. On the dessert table there was fruit (watermelon, cantaloupe, oranges), gulab jalub, rice pudding, etc. We didn't feel the need to stuff ourselves to get our money's worth because it was so cheap already, thus we left happy and satisfied! None of that "everything started to taste the same" or "I want to throw up" feeling.  Hope this place stays after the many failed attempts before it. Will definitely be back whenever I'm craving Indian food!  

                I decided to try this instead of my favorite Indian restaurant, which is incidentally my favorite Indian restaurant. We got dinner to go chicken tiki masala, goat curry, and a bread basket.   The naan was super fluffy and had awesome flavor.  The rice was fresh. The curry was good, but felt thin. There were fewer bones than my normal place. I'll stick to  my favorite Indian restaurant.  

                Curse all of you.  May your bad deeds today visit you in bad Karma in this lifetime.  I can't believe that I have spent $500++ in the past three months, yet I get treated so poorly.  I went in about 15 minutes later than the time I was supposed to to pick up a $50 order.  The person who greeted me at the door was going around to the cash register to attend to me when a Muslim family came in.  He dropped me like a sack of potatoes, and all the other workers then started to attend to this family.  It turned out they weren't even interested in eating at that particular restaurant.  They were asking for directions to another place.  All the workers including the cooks completely ignored me until they finished making sure the Muslim family knew where they were going.  I waited there for 5 minutes before I was even acknowledged.    I also realized when I got home that I was overcharged by $12.  I will call tomorrow to get this straightened out.  I will not eat here again.  I see that my business is not valued here, so I will take it somewhere else.  I will also tell my family and friends who live in the area not to eat here as well.  (BTW, Trader Joes frozen chicken tikka masala is 10x better than at this restaurant.  Try it!  You won't regret it ;)  )  

                Love the food and service here! No complaints...just wish they still had their dinner buffet. I miss that :(  

                Flavor of India has a buffet in the day hours. went for that  flatscreen: bollywood videos  eats: ayce lunch buffet(7.99) -14 entrees, 15th labeled chicken tandoori, covered so didn't open 3 pakoras, 2 rice, 3 meat items, 5 veggies, 1 fried bread something *pakoras cold, meats chewy, veggies items very fresh *chili items very spicy, too hot for me. zucchini not labeled as spicy -fresh naan brought, had burn spots on it. -2nd steam table had melons, salads, sauces, mostly tasted fresh chai also present, touch of cinnamon.  leftovers: -good value, some items not so fresh or cold. -didn't have much of an appetite after 2nd helping. -service above average.  

                Sister and I love this place, even if the buffet is not available when we go, we would still stay and eat. Services are great, always attentive to their customers. Chai-tea is free, and their naan are great!  

                I am a little disappointed at the fact that they don't offer dinner buffets. I hadn't tried it before and so my bf and I thought we should give it a try but so much as changed since the summer.  They only offer lunch buffets, and they don't have samosas in their buffets anymore. :-( We came here the other day hoping to try their dinner buffet but ended up ordering some items off their menu. The food was good, but the wait was long. Probably because we ordered so many different things.  But the food was good.  We will definitely return. :-)  

