                Best. Sandwich. Ever.  Bread Turkey Bacon Havarti Bacon Havarti Bacon Turkey Bread  Thats how a sandwich should be assembled.  

                Went last week and waited in line and ordered a sandwich to go. When i got home to eat,  they gave me another persons sandwich. Ordered turkey and got a tuna. Very disapointed and not sure ill be back.  My bad. The place i was reviewing was togos and not food basket. How do you delete this.  

                My best friend recently let me know about this place.  So SO glad!!! Most bang for the buck, PLUS top notch customer service to boot!!  You really do need to go all the way to the far back corner before you see where to order, but lordy on my days when I don't get to eat lunch until 2 I love to come here for the mega meal they serve up.  7 bucks makes me feel like it's quite the good deal.  

                The only place that carries Hexol General Household Cleaner in the gallon size.  Not only did I purchased the Hexol, I ended up buying one of their sandwiches - Honey Turkey since their reviews were excellent.  It was definitely an excellent sandwich.  This hidden gem is now on my contact list.  Very nice and excellent service.  

                This is a great sandwich shop , one of the best in town. I go there three tiimes a month , and get three sandwichs each time two for me one for the wife.  

                I can't believe it took me this long to checkout Food Basket.  Unlike many here, I didn't go in for a sandwich. Instead, what drew me in was a newly painted window sign about carrying authentic Cajun products -- being from.that area of the South, I had to stop in!  They truly do have a large assortment of down home cajun products (and not just  Zatarans).  The best thing for me, is that they carry the Camelia Brand of dried beans and peas.  I bring 25-30 pounds of these back with me every year when I travel home. So nice to find a local source.  After being delighted with the dry goods, I made my way to the meat counter and was thoroughly impressed and delighted to find yet more favorites  from home.  They carry a favorite sausage of mine that is made about 20 miles from my home in Mississippi by another family business - D&D Sausage / Double D Sausage.  They carry a few other items from the region like Tasso, and hogs head cheese.  The beef selection is also excellent quality, Harris Ranch.  I bought some for my Sunday meal and was helped by a very knowledgeable staff member. For sliced meats they carry a wide selection of Boars Head products.  The store could use some updates, but its still charming and reminiscent of the stores from the 50s and 60s.  This is my new go to place for pantry and meat products.  Heck, I might just make it my grocery foe most things as it's a family-owned business, in the same family since it started.  

                This family owned business makes THE BEST sandwiches in Vallejo!! I've never been disappointed! I even ordered sandwiches for fellow co-workers and when I have meetings with my corporate guests. All were impressed and enjoyed their sandwich! One corporate guests requested a sandwich from Food Basket the second & third visit. This place is the go to sandwich deli for all of Vallejo! ** end of part 1  Part 2: So there's a new sandwich place in Vallejo- "Pinckney sandwich".. I went back to Food Basket and told "M" - I'm So sorry for cheating on you! I will NEVER do it again! True story! The ONLY sandwich place I'm going to will always be FOOD BASKET! In fact ima go there later today again!  

                Good sandwiches bread is hit and miss if you go on a Sundays  bread is not fresh. girls are hit and miss friendly sometimes rude the next. 2 star rating because it smells bad when you walk in the store. Also when I try calling my order the store answers and they seem annoyed because they have to transfer me to the deli. then the store front is shady feel like I'm going to get mugged or shot wish they would up grade there spot.  

                Okay let me start off by saying I love Togos sandwiches but the sandwiches at this place is like no other! It really is a different level. Rarely do you find good quality food and superior service!   I tried the pastrami sandwich and hot link sandwich. They both were EVERYTHING! I don't have a single complaint. From the warm grilled/toasted bread to the fresh produce and plentiful meat servings.   I was hesitant at first and shame on me this place is a definite must have if you like sandwiches!  

                This place is like a flash back to the 1970's! They have everything you need to create delicious southern meals. If you are a true cook, you will really enjoy the connection to the products that they carry. They have a great assortment of meat and the women who run the place are truly friendly and always remind you that they are open on holidays. Please visit this place! You will enjoy it!  

                Came here to try the sandwiches as yelpers are raving about it, plus it's on top of the list for Solano County's BEST DELI.   Naturally, the first thing you assess when you are new to a place is the service. When I walked up to the deli, I was greeted with friendly smiles from two girls at the deli counter. Since it was the first time I was here, I thought I'd ask what they'd recommend or what's popular. So after figuring things out, I ordered my honey turkey sandwich. They said I would love the sandwich. Well... they were absolutely right! Hands down the best sandwich I have ever had, made just the way I like it! Fresh and savory to the last bite! They're not skimpy on the meat, in fact, they put more than what you might expect. And perfect amount of everything else like lettuce, tomatoes, mustard - not too much, not too little, just right that you get a taste of each at each bite. Won't find a sandwich like this anywhere else!  So in short, great service and awesome sandwich! What more can you ask for? This place does not disappoint. Have to say that I won't be going to any other sandwich place because this is definitely THE ONE to go to! It's no wonder they are on top of the list.  

                Sandwiches ROCKED!!! Yeah it's a dive but that's what makes it special, plus the staff there are awesome, we Yelpers' need to continue to support our mom & pop places like this one so we can finally put Subway out of business.   Got a dutch oven backed bread turkey sandwich with everything and it was delish' will be back again and now will be buying all my deli meats here...Thank you staff also for your great and helpful service!!!  

                I would like to say that I want my review to be 4.5 stars.  These sandwiches are GREAT. They use great condiments and also amazing meat - you can't beat Boars Head and they also use their cheese!  The girl Miela (Mee-la) was polite and friendly and she was handling the sandwhich making all by herself. Props. The ONLY reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the bread.  I didn't like that they only had 3 options and I felt that the bread was large - please keep in mind the meat and cheese ratio was on - point and there was definitely enough . I will come back over and over.  

                Woah! An actual real, good sandwich shop in Vallejo! The times, my friends, they are a changin'.   High quality ingredients from bread to vegetables to meat make for a tasty sandwich. I went because of the yelp reviews and am writing one now so all you people who have moved to Vallejo for one reason or another from cities with actual restaurants and delis (Subway was voted "best deli" in the Vallejo Time Herald's "Best of Vallejo" supplement) you need to know that yes, there is a place in this town where you can get a delicious sandwich.  And it's also a grocery store that sells lots of cool, random stuff, from kimchee to huge, industrial cans of honey.  

                I don't get the chance to stop by the area often, but when i do I like to grab a sandwich here. You can't go wrong with anything you choose. High quality bread, meats and the deli gal knows how to make a grand slam sandwich.  Don't let the sketchy area fool you. This mom and pop shop is the real deal. I hope they stay in business for a long time.  

                I am rating the market based on the Deli solely.  The sandwich was made with quality ingredients and everything tasted fresh.  The counter staff was helpful and the pride in the products was evident when you talked to them.  Really is a hidden gem in the area.  

                Randomly saw a picture of a boars head sandwich on instagram and the caption said how this place was a "hidden gem" type of place. Looking on this site and reading comments, and rating, everyone seem to like it. Few days just thinking about this place (fatty huh?) I finally took the time to finally go there. The appearance on the outside looks pretty ghetto. Personally, whenever I passed vy, I always thought it was a liquor store but it liquor store was right next to food basket. But anyways, went inside and it didn't look that nice but it didn't look ugly. I go to the back where they make the sandwiches and it's a small deli, no chairs to sit down and eat. The young women were really nice. I ordered the "Jerk turkey" because I heard that's what to get over there. Got home and ate it and tried to not eat it so fast! It was really good! This is my first time here so I didn't try all of the meats and breads but eating the jerk turkey on Dutch crunch bread, I'm coming back!  Compared to subway, I thought food basket (boars head) had more quality than quanitity. Never tried togos, I think I liked it better than kinders.  But I would still say Ikes sandwiches in Walnut Creek is the top on my list for sandwiches.   But for a local deli in vallejo, for $7 flat. All fresg ingredients and they even have dutch crunch bread?! This is going to be my go to place for sanwiches.   Down side is: I heard they close early (5-6pm?).  I mainly gave this place 4 stars because of how short the sandwich was and no signature sandwiches to pick from. Even though I'm full (or satisfied), I think the sandwiches is pretty small (in length) plus I wish they had their own signature sandwiches to pick at, say if you're new to the place.   Overall, this place is really good and I'm definitely coming back when I'm craving for a sandwich!  

                Tried the jerk turkey as suggested, just enough spice hard to find a good sandwich shop like this in the area. Friendly staff!  

                I had just finished getting my teeth cleaned at the dentist and I opened up my Yelp app looking for something new,  To my surprise Food Basket came up with lots of nice reviews.   I liked what I saw about the deli sandwiches and decided to give it a  try,.  The sandwiches I ordered were yummy.   I also picked up a nice roast from the meat counter. You have the ability to call in a sandwich order and I plan to make use of this service soon,  Food Basket is a little hidden gem and one that everyone should discover.  

                Sandwiches are supposed to have meat in them! Thank you food basket for reminding me. By far the Best sandwiches in Vallejo. If you don't like meat on your sandwich then you should keep eating at subway  

                Found this place via Yelp and figured I would give it a try.  Extremely impressed with how clean the deli area was.  It's nice to see that.  Sandwiches were great.  Excellent ingredients, good size, and a good taste.  The people working here were extremely polite and cheerful.  Smiles, talkative, and really made us want to come back.  The only reason it is not a 5 star is I would love to see just a little more selection for some of the veggies that go on the sandwich.  We will be back for sure.......  

                I love this place! Definitely the best sandwich spot in Vallejo! Service here is spectacular. Try the Jerk Turkey with 3 pepper Colby jack. Its delicious!  

                Amazing sandwich!!! They put meat and cheese on both sides of the bread. Friendly and fast service.  

                I have only been here a couple of times.  The meat counter is very good. I will not be back because the last time I went was 15 minutes before closing and as I was walking to the door, maybe 20 feet from the door, a young lady looked right at me and then locked the door.  I hate rude lazy people.  

                Awesome boar head sandwiches highly recommended if ur out here in vallejo great deal and well worth it  

                These sandwiches are amazing!! The bread is perfect. The meats and cheeses are high quality!! By far best sandwiches in and around vallejo. The service was awesome. Friendly and fast. I love this place!!  

                Pastrami sandwich was very tasty. Bread was fresh and the meat had great flavor but the portion was inconsistent my sandwich was pretty good sized but my husbands was noticeably skimpy,minus one star. I will be back but I will have to let them know about the noticeable sandwich size difference.  

                Always a pleasant experience here. All the ladies who work here are super helpful and seem genuinely interested in helping you. Their sandwiches are very well constructed with fresh ingredients too. And their meats are very competitively priced. A definite go-to spot in Vallejo  

                Sandwiches were great when i went months back, ten bucks a sandwich but you get what you pay for, loads of meat tastes great. nice lady behind the counter as well.  

                Soo delicious! I'm glad I found this place. Kind people. Fast service. Excellent sandwiches. Great price. Jerk turkey rocks! Hard to find a good deli. This is THE place to go if you want a killer deli sandwich.  

                Really good sandwiches..better than subway. The service is good. By far one of my fav. places to get a sandwich. Not too many places out here make really good sandwiches but this place is good. Definitely will be coming back for more.  

                I have to say, hands down best sandwich I have ever had!^_^ i get the maple turkey with swiss, honey mustard, everything on it; and i'm usually not the person who likes onions or tomatoes on a sandwich, but on this one it's just down right delicious!^_^ i showed many of my friends this place as of late, and they cant get enough of it either. It is a very whole in the wall place, but I would recommend it to anyone down for a sandwich. :)  

                Tried extra meat, I retract my previous view. They put the exact amount of meat to have a great sandwich  

                I have driven past this place a 100 times! I got a pastrami and my husband for the jerk turkey!! Everything was fantastic!! I am so full off of their sandwiches! We are defiantly coming back!!  

                Great family business, with a better grocery selection than you might think from the outside. Damn good deli sandwiches and all you need for a Louisana/Cajun style dinner. Try the hot link sandwich.  

                YUMMMY!!!! This place is bomb great meats! Boars head meats are so good, I love the jerk turkey lil spicy but I love that!! I'm gonna tell all my friends about it! It's in the back when I went there it was fast and very friendly service! Be back soon thank u guys  

                Really big store has everything you may need , the deli sandwiches are really good , and the workers are very friendly , 5 stars from me !  

                One of the best deli sandwiches I've ever had! Don't let the location fool you. Great food upon the doors!  

                Went here for the first time today!  The sandwich was GREAT! The people working we're awesome. I'm not really a sandwich kinda gal but this one was so good!!! I will definitely be back...  

                For the 10 yrs I had lived in Vallejo, and the thousands of times I had past by this true neighborhood market, I had NEVER gone in until yesterday. Being hungry and having an urge for a good sandwich, I turned to Yelp for help. And lo and behold the first option was the food basket! And I was like, "really"? Well, I was thoroughly impressed by the selection of products, of the markets cleanliness and the friendly staff. Oh, and the sandwich? I will drive from Fairfield to Vallejo just for the jerk chicken!  

