                I tried out Fritas Shack at Off The Grid Fort Mason and I was not disappointed.  I heard these guys were experts at cranking out San Diego Style Mexican Food and I was definitely impressed.  Note that I haven't been to a San Diego Taqueria, so the bar hasn't been set too high for me yet.  Since their usual menu was slightly different at OTG Fort Mason, I decided to try one of their OTGFM exclusives, their Smoked Ahi Tuna over Fries.  It just sounded so interesting!  Smoked Ahi Tuna Over Fries. --  <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1BQZRmI&s=b2510edc84b197ba1e507a917b590a2c93c020e8edd9411e777b129cbad6d619" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1BQZRmI</a> Ahi Tuna smoked on cherry wood, cheddar-jack cheese, chopped onions, chipotle cream and shredded Jack cheese and Cotija cheese topped over crispy French fries. Who would've thought Smoked Ahi Tuna would make such an epic topping on a bed of crispy fries??  The tuna was smoked very nicely.  I've never had "carne'' asada fries be so aromatic like this.  And it tasted really good!  The smoked flavor really really sticks out and it's not fishy as you'd think it would be.  The fries themselves were fried really good and had a good crisp to them.  And as you can see by the pic, they give you a lot.  Probably one of the best deals you can get at OTG Fort Mason.  It's best to share this with a group of folks if you want to try other vendors.  Fritas Shack has definitely made a good first impression for me and I will definitely come back for another round of their Smoked Ahi Tuna Fries.  Also, I would love to stop by their booth at the Stonestown Farmers Market on Sundays where they make their usual Carne Asada Fries and California Burritos.  

                A former student of mine, who is attending San Francisco State, sent me an email needing help with a research paper.  I text her and told her I'd meet her at Stonestown.  She:  WHAAAAAAT?? Don't play!   R U HRE? Me: Yes.  Visiting my niece.  Meet you in an hour. She: I think I'm gonna cry!  Well, she was just happy to not only see one of her favorite teachers, but someone from San Diego.  We walked over to the farmer's market and the first thing we saw was, "San Diego Style Mexican Food."  So of course we had to try it to give it the stamp of approval!  We asked who was from San Diego and Andy told us he was from Chula Vista.  We ordered the carne asada fries and they were GOOD!  Tasted just like home but better because he uses thinner fries which stay crispy with all the toppings.  Sure, they cost more...but we're in the bay area.  Liza said she's eaten Mexican food around the area and none can compare to back home, but at least she knows that when she's feeling a little homesick, she can come to Fritas!  I know I will the next time I'm up this way.  

                I very strongly dislike Sundays.  Because Sunday is the day before a week's worth of commuting and work, I feel like Sunday is Monday's bitchy cousin who acts nice but gives you backhanded compliments.  In comparison to Monday she's OK, but let's face it we're frienemies.  During football season I can handle Sundays a bit more, but Fritas Shack is the constant silver lining in my Sunday cloud.  I feel too guilty eating this stuff at 10am.  Thus, I go at 11 and regret it every time.  I am always so excited because I don't see a line and then I have to sit and watch as they call out name after name after name......while I have to smell what I ordered being cooked and handed to another person over and over, drooling and subconsciously doing lunges in preparation of grabbing their order and running away with it....trust me, you NEED TO GO EARLY.   When they call out for Ashley's order 10 times and Ashley still hasn't shown up, I want to go up there and pretend to be Ashley because obviously Ashley doesn't care about her food.  But Ashley could be bigger than me and I do not want to risk it.  Just go early and avoid questioning your morals like I do but always wake up too late for: A) You don't want them running out of any of that deliciousness B) Sanity C) Get your burrito before all those other suckas  Get the breakfast burrito if that makes you feel better about eating hearty Mexican food before noon, however truthfully you could order anything and you wouldn't regret a thing.  

                So, I live in SD and eat Mexican food down here at least once a week. There is a distinct difference between San Diego Mexican food and the rest of the world am I am not here to preach its superiority, rather proclaim that it's my style. With this being said, it's very difficult to find my idea of a good Mexi-fix outside of SD County lines.  Fritas Shack does it right for a farmer's market setup and it's clear that SD natives have sniffed them out. The menu is limited, the lines can stack up and the prices will make you tug at your collar a little bit, but if finding a good set of rolled tacos in your neighborhood is a tough task, you can stomach coming here on a Sunday morning. The portion of rolled tacos was itty-bitty but the flavors were on point. They nailed it with the salsa, but it isn't for the weak because it packs a pretty big punch... go easy, friends!  Oh yeah, cash only!  

                Alas, after 4+ years of San Francisco residence I've found my go-to spot in SF for my California Burrito fix. As a transplant from San Diego (Chula Vista if you want to be specific), I've got a taste for good burritos #BurritoSnob. While yes San Francisco does have respectable burritos, what it all comes down to is my wanting something similar to what I grew up on. So if you're from (or have been to) San Diego and want that good CA burrito, definitely check this spot out.   Note: if you're expecting some wet meat, hella beans and rice in your burrito, you're going to be disappointed.  

                I stopped by Fritas Shack this afternoon at the Stonestown farmers market. It was like 12pm and they ran out of breakfast burritos and tacos! they apparently had a really busy morning! Goes to show how popular they are!   I got the regular burrito with carnitas to share with my bf. WOW. the portions are huge and I liked the crunch the french fries gave the burrito. I also want to note that they wrapped their burrito really tight. I hate eating loose burritos and after you get half way down, everything starts to fall apart. no bueno.   staff is great and the food is great. I will come back next time I'm in SF to try their tacos and french fries!  

                I've been searching for a good Mexican food place, the kind like they have in Socal. When I found out that the owners are fron SD and they are trying to bring that Socal mexican food to SF I was stoked! I was skeptical bc they were asian, I wasn't sure if they can pull off authentic mexican food. I was pleasantly surprised!   Since I was by myself, I could only try one thing. I had narrowed it down to the carne asada burrito or fries...I went with the fries. The portion seemed big, but it could use a lil more meat. It was std price for food truck and SF, $8. The fries were crispy and the guac and sour cream didn't cost extra! I subtracted a star bc the meat could've been better. Maybe it was bc I got there close to closing time? But I'm assuming they don't cook the meat until you order?   Everyone was very friendly.  It is the closest to socal mexican food I have found so far. Carne asada burrito...I will be back for you!  

                My go to place on Sunday when my wife works out at the nearby gym and I want to enjoy the sunshine while eating the carne asada burrito minus the french fries which is a San Diego thing! The folks behind the counter are nice and are appreciative as your order may take up to 10-15 minutes depending on the rush. So with that being said: support the Fritas Shack Team!  

                Menu at Eat Real 2014: 3 Rolled Tacos (Taquitos) Duck: ($6) Sonoma Poultry Duck, Guac, Queso Fresco, Pico de Gallo, Cotija Cheese Potato & Garlic: ($5) Mashed Potatoes, Roasted Garlic, Cheddar / Jack Cheese, Chipotle Crema, Cotija Cheese  Saw them at the Eat Real Festival 2014 and tried their Potato & Garlic Rolled Tacos (Taquitos) because they gave us the wrong order. Very disappointed because we were excited to try them (and paid more for the duck taquitos) and got some dried tacos which hardly tasted any garlic and was mostly all cheese.  

                AMAZING. Tried the surf and turf burrito (steak, beer battered shrimp, fries, cheese, guac). Tasted just like the taquerias I ate @ when in so cal near Tijuana and San Diego. A def must have!!  

                Fantastic breakfast burrito in true San Diego style. They take their time to do each one just right. Fresh ingredients, perfectly cooked potatoes, awesome tortillas and the right mixture of flavors and textures. Highly recommend. Worth the drive! And a farmers market to get all your veggies for the week. Sundays at Stonestown.  

                WOW just WOW.....I have lived in SF for almost 6 years now and my biggest complaint about this   city is how I really disliked the Mexican food here. I have been too many Mexican places that are "amazing" in and around SF, only to leave disappointed or unsatisfied. What I mean by disappointed or unsatisfied is a Carne asada burrito filled with rice and lettuce and a few pieces of asada or dropping $12 for a couple of ok tacos.  No longer do I have to deal with rice filled burritos. I can get my San Diego style Mexican food here in SF, and that makes me happy. I can get the fresh rolled tacos I love and miss. I can get my California burrito fix here. Thank you Fritas shack for coming to sf. Thank you for bringing your delicious food at a reasonable price to SF, and I look forward to seeing you soon.  

                Fritas Shack sells  versions of  "Fried Mexican American food" found in socal taco shops.  menu: taquitos (rolled tacos). carnitas sandwich, french fries w/toppings locale: get stuffed(alameda) 6/1  eats: carnitas sandwich(7) - sammie had schredded pork, lettuce, tomato, guacamole, chipotle sauce, mayo in mexican roll. fresh tasting ingredients with minimum flavor, heat. nothing really stood out. chioptle didn't sing. pork meat bland. sauces didn't deliver. 3.5 stars  frijoles refritos: -menu changes often -not so found of fried food, limited choices. -fast, friendly service  

                i wanna make sure folks on yelp are aware that the amazing san diego style mexican food can now be consumed twice a week.  in addition to their main stay at the stones town farmers market on sundays, on tuesday nights fritas shack is available in the pop up cafe on o'farrell and leavenworth! <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz/pop-up-cafe-san-francisco-4">yelp.com/biz/pop-up-cafe…</a>  come by for your fix of the california surf and turf (yes that one from man vs food), their crispy chicken tacos, or $2 tj tacos. that first bite into the delicious flour tortilla and you will have that look of euphoria....you know the one!  

                They were at SF Street Food Festival 2013. It was one of the longest lines but it was a let down for me.  The fries were cold, limp, and unseasoned. The pork tasted nothing reminiscent of chili verde. The guac was just mushed up avocado with no seasoning. I was displeased with this. But it was a good portion size for $8.  

                Frita's Shack was at the 2014 SF Street Food Festival and had one of the longest lines that we waited in.  Unlike other lines that moved surprisingly fast, Frita's line was very very very slow. Not sure what the problem was.  It was worth the wait though for the carne asada fries ($8). The fries were fried just right and topped with flavorful carne asada, guacamole, sour cream, and cheese.  

                Just stopped by Fritas Shack on Sunday at the Stonestown Farmer's market and it was well worth it.   I think cash only?   Andrew is the owner and he's super friendly and cool. We bonded over missing SD carne fries and rolled tacos.   The Carne Fries were amaaazing and def reminded me of SD school days. Well worth the $8. I think the menu changes and there are small changes every week.   WILL BE BACK soon :)  

                Finally got to try the Fritas Shack at the SF Street Food Festival, and it was amazing. Ordered the Chile Verde Fries (huge chunks of meat and lots of shredded cheese) and the Duck Confit Taquitos, and even though their line was looooong at the festival it was SO worth it. Can't wait to try their other stuff soon!  

                This is the closest thing you'll get to SD Mex food.  Andrew is a cool dude, had some of his pork fries at the Mission Street Food Fest & he brought the San Diego Chargers fans at Danny Coyle's some Cali burritos.  BOOM!  

                Stumbled on this place while they were set up at a flea market at College of Alameda.  Now I crave it.  Reminds me of San Diego taco shops.  Good ole deep fried Mexican food.  Overall had an excellent experience here.   Had the beef taquitos with orange mexican rice for 5 bucks.  The taquitos were like they were shipped straight from so cal and tasted like my late night eats down there.  Solid.  Also had the french fries dripped with chili verde San Diego style for 7 bucks.  My favorite dish from this place.  Was drenched in bomb green sauce.  Homemade chipotle sauce was also spectacular.  Give this place an A.  They just need to set up in the City.  DM  

                Great new SoCal San Diego style mexican food for the Bay Area!  Love the fried food. Fresh ingrediants. Enjoyed the rolled-tacos and chile verde fries. They had a breakfast burrito option in the morning last Sunday at the Stonestown Farmer's Market that was very good because I was hungry at 9am and most vendors were still setting up.  Solid customer service and up-and-coming Bay Area vendor.  

