                THANK YOU, Garaje, from the bottom of my guilt-ridden heart, for having such understanding and compassionate workers.   My group of about 10 friends arrived at this fun, divey restaurant after an unfortunately rowdy night of drinking at a company party. The gentleman who took our order -- I think his name was Frank -- refused to sell us any alcohol because... well, we were a bit unruly. In all honesty, as the only (mostly) sober one, I probably should have sent everyone home instead of tainting another establishment with our presence. Sorry, Frank!!   Fortunately, we were able to order plenty of food. The carne asada fries were delicious, the fries perfectly well done. While we were eating, he ended up giving me a free strawberry beer for taking care of my friends. So tasty! I finally understand why Garaje is so famous for its beers.   After we finished eating, one of my friends couldn't get up from the table, so Frank helped us get him out the door and on to the street. He even gave us a rather nice reusable bag to carry our food, and stayed with us (as our friend threw up on the side of the road) until our Uber came to pick us up.   For SoMa, this place is surprisingly casual and inexpensive. Thanks again, Frank. I'll be back soon for some more food and beer, and without a drunk posse in tow -- I promise!  

                HOLA HOLA HOLA. This place is MUY CHINGON. NUFF SAID.   I'm not going to do what you think I'm going to do and freak out on the food or atmosphere or anything like that. I will tell you this and this WILL make you go eat here. I was with my wife in Berkley eating some food and we looked at each other and said, " hey we are only like 20 minutes from GARAJE. Let's just eat something super light here so we can go eat there in two hours." True story. PLACE IS LA VERDAD.  

                In my never-ending quest to find something worthwhile to eat in SoMa, I stumbled upon Garaje. With a menu highlighting zapatos & cheeseburgers, it's apparent that this hip little joint does not serve authentic Mexican food, nor does it claim to. Fine by me as long as it hits the spot. Let's eat!  ***CARNITAS ZAPATO - carnitas, jack, fries, refritos, avo, pico, on a pressed crispy flour tort  With ingredients & flavors reminiscent of the Cali burrito of San Diego, the main difference here is that everything is pleasantly pressed into a neat little package. The carnitas weren't particularly notable, though acceptably delicious. It was the jack & fries that stole the show, adding an incredibly dense & rich layer to everything. The avo & pico provided much needed moisture, tang, & relief, but hid in the crevices for the most part. The flour tort tasted almost like a toasted flour wrap you'd find in Palestine. Yummy but heavy.   ***SEARED TUNA & AVO - wild ahi, lime jalapeño vin, chipotle aioli, cabbage, pico, corn torts  This was absolutely gorgeous, but unfortunately the flavors weren't quite as refined. There was a bit too much meaty cabbage, the avo was overripe & mushy, there wasn't enough sauce (and what was there was aesthetically underwhelming), and most importantly, the ahi was ever so slightly fishy, which really diluted the entire experience. It wasn't gross, but there was so much untapped potential here that I couldn't help but mourn.   ALL IN ALL:  Would I go back or recommend it to a friend? Affirmative. Garaje seems clean, uses quality ingredients (for the most part), and adds a level of detail that is difficult to find elsewhere. While not perfect by any means, it'll do for now.  

                Gara-hey! Half the mystery of coming here was figuring out how to pronounce their name! Last week, I met up Rodney H for a quick meal.  *White witch ($6) - I just picked this based on the name. It was light and easy to drink. *Mexican coke ($3) - Rodney's drink.  *2 buck crispy tacos: Mojo chicken & Manteca fried carnitas I originally was not going to get these. But when I saw it was still happy hour (ends at 7pm), I couldn't resist! I love crispy tacos!  *El Camino: skirt steak, 3 plancha prawns, melted jack, salsa, corn torts ($6) My favorite taco! The shrimp was tender and the steak had great flavor.   *Baja fish: beer battered sustainable tilapia, cabbage, chipotle mayo, flour tort ($5) I was super full by the time I got to this taco. But I managed to eat it all! The fish was nicely fried. The cabbage added freshness and the chipotle mayo a nice creaminess.  *Maverick zapato: crispy crab cake, fries, avo, jack, chipotle mayo ($13) I took one bite of this. So good! Who knew crispy crab cakes would make for good burrito filling?!  *Plancha grilled mojo fish + guac: sustainable tilapia, cabbage, cilantro lime mayo, corn torts ($5) This was Rodney's. He seemed to enjoy it.  I wish Garaje was closer to work. I could use a good taco from time to time. I guess I'll just have to settle for dropping by after work.  Side note: I came on a Wednesday around 6pm and it was super busy. I had to stake out a table downstairs so we'd have some place to sit. They finally opened up the upstairs about 30 mins later. So get there early if you want a table!  

                Decent late night grub in the area. Big fan of the beer selection, decent prices, and the zapatos - the "love child of a burrito and a quesadilla". With a description like that, what kind of reasonable person could say no?   Pro tip: cash only  

                Can't remember why, but had this place bookmarked to try for awhile. I finally got to come last night, where a friend and I shared a cali steak zapatos, and the cadillac and seared tuna + avocado tacos.   Both the steak and prawns on the cadillac were super overcooked. The tuna + avocado was okay, but neither of the tacos had any seasoning on them. The cali steak zapatos was a saving grace, but I'm not sure if I can say if it was actually good or if it was just better than the other two.   Service was lacking - except for the security guy, who was super cool - everyone else didn't seem to want to be there. We actually walked past it at first, because it's hard to spot unless you're *really* looking for it. The interior of the place had an interesting concept and it was nice that they had cell phone chargers at the booths.  It's unlikely that I would come back again, but it wasn't so terrible that I wouldn't ever give it a second shot should any friends want to try it as well.  

                The store front of Garaje was definitely misleading. The moment we opened the door, I did not expect an elongated room filled with booths and a second floor.    We ordered the carnitas tacos and the carne asada fries.    Carnitas tacos - 3.5 Stars: Heaping portions topped with pico de gallo, slices of radish, onion and cilantro and a slice of lime to squeeze over. The portions were big to the point where all the toppings fell out onto the tray the moment I took a bite. Some parts of the meat were a bit overcooked. $3 apiece.      Carne Asada Fries - 5 stars: The texture of the fries were crisp on the outside while soft on in the inside. That guacamole though. Wow! Finger licking good especially with bits of avocado. The steak was in large chunks which I was not use to, but no one has any complaints about that. Yum!   This is a self-seated restaurant and they only take cash! The decor was swanky. It would be a chill spot to go on a casual date night.  

                Steak Taco was awesome! Nice chunks of carne and diggin' the radish garnish.   Beer Battered (fried fish) Taco was a bigger portion than the Steak Taco, yet nothing about the taste will make me want another.   Groovy atmosphere and they have beer.  

                Great place for beer and eats. Line is long, but moves fast, and has a ton of unique craft beers for cheap (especially in downtown SF). TV's have diff sports games playing. Seating is open, and I love the divey feel.  I just wish they had told us there was no liquor. The line was long so we were handed a menu and told to order all drinks up front. Maybe they should add something that mentions beer only on the menu. Still a fun spot for happy hour.  

                Needing a nearby option for cheap food and drinks one night we decided to walk over to Garaje, which had been on our list for a while. The interior is ecclectic and interesting with all sorts of random stuff on the walls. The seating is in diner style booths. The feel is sort of a mix between a TGIF and a Mel's.   Much like their interior, their menu is all over the place as well with a mix between american and mexican fare. We ordered both the carne asada and pork fries which were both pretty decent. I also ordered the Rolls Royce zapato, but I was rather disappointed with it as it didn't really come together and just tasted like a bland mixture of the various ingredients.   Their drink list was much better than I expecting. They had a decent variety including wine, sangria and a number of beers including a hibiscus flavor which was actually pretty good.  Overall, I don't think I'd come here for a meal in the future, but I would come back for drinks and appetizers at some point. This place was "A-OK."  

                I feel like this review is long overdue. There is a reason why people line up outside this place before it opens.  The grilled fish and guac is unbelievable!  An entire, juicy and tender piece of tilapia served with the the yummiest tangy slaw thing and topped with a big ol' scoop of guacamole!  And all for only 5 bucks! You can't go wrong!  Also tried the thai shrimp taco: nice well flavored and fresh shrimps.  My friend had the carne asada taco: came with plenty of meat and was well seasoned.  The jumbo crab cake was also good, maybe a little too mayonnaise-y.    Bottom line, get the fish and guac. I will stand in line all day, everyday just for the fish tacos.  Also tons of beers on tap. Cash only.  

                Oh Lord, I can't believe this was once Bill's Kitchen & Teriyaki, the deadest place you could ever enter with the most mediocre Japanese food this side of Tokyo Express. I still recall their Pork Chop Ramen which was a bowl of packaged-tasting noodles with a pair of burnt pork chops on a separate plate. Seriously. But now, it's wall-to-wall hipsters with a slick urban crunch bordertown vibe as Garaje tries to make up its mind what it is. It's definitely dinerish with a Mexican roadside twist that makes it the perfect Latino complement to the Asian-twanged HRD Coffee Shop a few doors down. It was Jamie W. who suggested who come here, so I wanted to take advantage of his rare venture into trying something new.  We didn't have a clue what to order, so we went with the enthusiastic recommendation of the order taker, the $4 Tostadita, which turned out to be a veggie delight, a mini-tostada with a thick bed of refried black beans piled high with shredded vegetables (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1p4S5RH&s=f87575536721f0233a9730b16c2ca88d6d1936da76421722ffce83526a152707" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1p4S5RH</a>). It turned out to be so delicious we wished we ordered another one, but instead we went for the $8 Zapatos, which were a cross between a burrito and a quesadilla, not a bad hybrid to be, especially since they're pressed in a panini machine. They're the house specialties, and they ooze with melted jack, avocado, salsa and refritos. Mine was the Cali Steak, which had the advantage of marinated skirt steak asada and fries (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1xYo2Nb&s=a1b3e548d2a39d184480064163b6c6ac9969ddea53900637f5a08f4dfc437367" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1xYo2Nb</a>). Yep, fries just like Giordano Brothers' sandwiches.  It was a good, calorific touch. Jamie ordered the simpler Mojo Chicken which was frankly just as good without the fries (photo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1ArbGzs&s=b52d97fb5c4075bc0bb9c21b8e7b06e5bec763c107005ba8ad7ff1906689a856" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1ArbGzs</a>). I may have to try the $8 Crazy Dave's Double Cheeseburger which looked like a Bob's Big Boy creation complete with Thousand Island dressing. Sounds like a cow fart. We didn't have any of the various beers they have on tap because we're not big beer drinkers. But everybody else in the place was, and it was getting louder by the minute. I'd say the median age of the clientele is around 24, so bear that mind since you may find yourself sitting in a classroom desk amid all the retro-road trip paraphernalia. Oh and don't bother taking out your credit card. It's cash only in here.  FOOD - 4 stars...pretty tasty Mexican drive-in fare with the tostadita the standout AMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...loudish with hipsters...you've been forewarned SERVICE - 3 stars...ok I guess TOTAL - 4 stars...like a Tijuana-style diner in a garage  

                I was in SF Union Square area for just a day and was on a quest to try out Garaje. It's a nice, chill hangout spot for drinks and great food. You order & pay at the counter and then grab a seat. The place was pretty packed on a Monday evening at 8pm (possibly because of Monday night football because they had tvs) but there's ample seating as well as some seats on the 2nd floor. There were also many people who dropped in just for takeout.   I really enjoyed the Cali Steak Zapato which is somewhat of a cross between a Cali burrito and a quesadilla. The Seared Ahi + Avocado taco and the Fiery Thai Prawn + Salty peanuts taco were both tasty. Looking forward to my next visit to try out other items on the menu.  

                Great obscure restaurant in SOMA. It is a walk up and order style of restaurant. The menu isn't the most expansive but we had a great experience. We ordered the carne asada fries, crazy dave's double cheeseburger with egg and two tacos. GREAT MEAL! The burger was humongous and hard to handle (perhaps I will order a single patty next time) but it was absolutely delicious! The carne asada fries came with a lump of guac which made it tasty but it was something I could have done without. We also had their blended smoothie was good. The line was constantly moving but we were able to order quickly and received our food just as fast.   It has several TVs which was great to watch the NBA All-Star game so it would be a great spot to bring some buddies to watch a game. It has a lot of interesting memorabilia posted on their walls, giving it a very hipster/grungy vibe. I would definitely come back here at some point to try out their other food options. Also happen to see Kate Scott from KNBR dining here the same night which made it extra cool!  

                It wasn't easy making my mind up about this joint....  about as far from "authentic" Mexican as you can get, but it's so well executed and tasty that it's very difficult to find fault in what they do.    For example, I am pretty sure the meat used in their asada fries is sirloin....moist, beefy and melt in your mouth soft... It's like a delicious plate of chimichurri steak fries, substitute guac for chimichurri.  Mahi Mahi tacos were quite delicious as well.  Seared and served perfectly medium rare.  Truly great draft selection and  stellar sangrias.  Must try. Cash only.  Atm inside but who wants to pay money to get your own money.  Fyi.  

                You want good cheap food. Head to garaje ! Doors open at 11:30am.  Serves beer and wine , carnitas tacos , fish and beef. Fish and chips and burgers.  Fast service fast tasty food.  Grab a table load up on the carnitas fries!!   People there are super nice  

                I've probably been here 10+ times at this point. It is a fun place with a lot of atmosphere for a casual lunch or dinner. It's kind of like being in a cool garage with street signs and automotive motifs everywhere. It's lively and often full even later into the night.  My favorite is the tostadas. One tostada is a perfect light dinner with a bit of cheese and fresh corn and cabbage to contrast. I love the shrimp for a lighter take, or carnitas for a heavier meal.  I am also told that they have an outstanding beer menu. Or, as they say on their sign, "no crap on tap."  Gluten-free notes: The tostada and tacos are good choices. No zapatos for you! Sorry.  

                One of my friends sang the praises of Garaje, so we made plans to meet up one day for lunch during the work week. There was a pretty long line at the counter, but we were able to snag a table pretty easily after ordering.  The Cali Steak Zapato looked the most interesting to me - a pressed/grilled burrito filled with skirt steak asada, cheese, avocado, salsa, and fries. Unfortunately, the zapato was bland.  Fortunately, it was really small, so I didn't get filled up on blandness!    The highlight for me was the Pepsi in glass bottles, so at least there's that.  

                One can really just walk by this place without knowing about all the hustle and bustle inside. You walk through those black doors, then BAM; a room full of excited people enjoying their beer and food.  Carne Asada Fries - Can't go wrong with this one.  BBQ Pulled Pork Sando - This sandwich was really tasty. Perfect balance sweet sauced up meat between a fluffy bun. The bacon gives it a nice smokey crunch.  Overall thoughts : I would come back here if there happened to be the opportunity. Might not crave it, but I am sure I'd enjoy my meal.  

                Why get french fries on the side when you can have them INside your burrito? (Or zapato as the case is at Garaje). Come to think of it, french fries aren't all that Mexican at all but regardless, the combination works and is so freakin' delicious. I'm dreaming about it all the way down here in Miami.   On a Tuesday, this place was jam packed at lunchtime and for good reason. With food that's quick and easy to eat, it seemed like tables rollover easily. I must note... I definitely observed this place is popular among males. Perhaps because of the wide beer selection and filling bar grub that's stereotypically more up their alley? As a chick, I can say I would be here quite often if I could.   For eats, I tried the Surfer Leo zapato which is more or a less a pressed burrito. Mine was stuffed with fried fish, beans and some other fixins' (including the aforementioned french fries). It took awhile for my table to get our food and when it did come out, mine was unfortunately missing causing them to make a rushed, poorly put together zapato but... Well, let's just say my big, messy zapato became a little zapato rather quickly. With some hot sauce on the side, I loved it.  All in all, it's a really no-frills kind of joint that I am dying to go back to soon. From the burgers to fish tacos and don't even mention a slushy sangria, there is WAY too much I want to try for a place that is so far away...  

                Dang! This place gets packed at lunchtime, but it's well worth the wait.   Garaje is an interesting mix of Mexican and American styles of food with a few Asian influences sprinkled in; serving everything from burritos, pulled pork sammies, and even Thai shrimp tacos. Most of the items here are under are $10 and can be paired with one of the many beers they have on tap. The motto in this place is "No Crap on Tap", and I gotta say I love that.   My tummy was rumbling and I swear it kept saying, Zapato... Zapato... Zapato. Seriously the beast was begging for a burrito with steak, guacamole, and layers of cheesy goodness. This is a great choice is especially if you're trying to stay relatively clean while you eat. All the goodies I mentioned earlier come wrapped in a tortilla and then it's pressed (which I've need seen before), flattened, and made to be crispy. Adding that oh so nice texture to each bite. It's like a little pocket of crispy and gooey heaven.   The food does take a little time to get to your table, but that's understandable because this place jumping! If you can, avoid coming in around the lunching hour  or maybe hold off eating until a little later in the day, do this and you'll be golden.   BTW - This is a cash only place so hit the ATM before you arrive and some save time.  

                One of the best places to have lunch in SOMA. The food is Mexican and American fusiony but works since no one flavor overpowers another in many of their offerings. My favorites include their burger (sloppy and greasy but quite big, and fantastic with jalapenos) and any of the zapatos (looked like a pressed panini-style burrito). Also, I'm not a fish-taco guy but the fried battered tilapia taco is pretty good.  However, the street style tacos are so-so because I prefer them simpler. Most people like them though. Note they don't have al pastor which is a huge bummer mann.  Very relaxed atmosphere and good for groups since there are small and up to large communal tables. There is an upstairs seating which is a bit quieter. And, almost any seat will give you a decent view of the TVs showing futbol, ole!  There is also a big list of "secret menu" items that's posted out in the open. Looks like they have a pretty good HH too, and I don't get to try the beers since visits have been during lunch. Ironically, I've only gone in the evening once and must remedy that!  Milestone: the 7,000th Useful vote's review.  

                Effing amazing. A must try.   Had the chicken zapato and Cali skirt steak zapato. Both were delicious, very reasonably priced. Also, they have a great craft beer selection.  

                I was here last night and while I was eating I checked out what I had written about the place and felt like I should embellish a bit more.  Yes, I rated it five stars before and that hasn't changed but since then I've really come to appreciate the love and passion that's on display at this restaurant; I haven't been in many places quite like Garaje and it's important to explain why.  Garaje is clearly the product of a unique and inspired vision.  Yes, lots of people serve great food, run fine businesses, and make their customers feel good - I'm sure San Francisco has at least a hundred places to eat where the regulars will confirm that all of those attributes are in place.  However, those points are all cost-of-entry requirements for being successful in selling prepared food to people.  Garaje isn't just a good place to eat, it's an experience created by someone with the desire and will to provide the ultimate realization of something they were truly in love with.  I'm sure you're thinking, man, that's a lot of gravitas for burgers and tacos!  Well, just walk into this place  Take some time to just look at the interior design before you actually try the food and then think about all of the places you've ever been where the burgers were pretty good but the actual place was either a total dump or a bunch of kitschy nonsense, and I think you'll start to see what I mean: there is a spirit and mood on display with just the aesthetics of this place that are expression of love and that's not something you can fake.  The owners here created the Mexican American joint that they would love to spend every single evening in.  So before I make you gag any further, I'll finish this update with some thoughts on the food.  I think I've probably ordered everything on the menu at this point and everything is worthy of your attention and appetite.  The burgers are awesome, the tacos are awesome, the zapatos are awesome, the carne asada fries are awesome, the sangria is awesome... hell even the special cauliflower tacos are awesome.  You heard me: CAULIFLOWER TACOS ARE AWESOME and I can't stand that damn vegetable.  There is nothing these guys can't transform into something delicious so I recommend you venture off the beaten path into things you're not totally comfortable with after you've tried some of the basics - you can't go wrong.  Garaje, I hope you're doing gangbusters business because you're truly one-of-a-kind.  If the the long lines that almost always greet me are any indication, the people of San Francisco know something exceptional when they experience it.  

                Curious to know where all the SoMa engineers go for lunch? It appears to be Garaje!   The line may be long and predominantly male (perhaps because of the extensive beer selection), but it's packed for a reason. The zapatos are delicious, especially the Cali steak one. This pressed burrito is filled with skirt steak asada, cheese, avocado, salsa, and fries. Be prepared with a lot of napkins.   The casual vibe makes this place a great lunch hangout and although I have yet to try their beers, the sangria is quite unique. The deep red color is similar to an original sangria, but it's like a slushy instead of a wine. Different but I really enjoyed it.  If you're looking for a tasty, Mexican inspired lunch spot that all the locals love, check this place out!  

                A loud vibrant spot to hang with friends over beers and extraordinary tacos, burgers, etc. Excellent friendly service here. There's upstairs seating, a large table downstairs for a big group.   I love the ahi tuna taco and the crab crack.  

                Haven't had anything on the menu that isn't good. I find myself always going back to the carne asada fries; it is difficult to top fries covered in melted cheese, grilled steak and guacamole. When I do venture beyond the fries everything is equally tasty. Pastrami sandwich is an underrated favorite.  They also have a good beer selection that rotates frequently. It is also convenient when they warn you that the beer you considered ordering is 14% ABV, so if you were planning on going back to work in the afternoon maybe you should order something else. Sangria is also fantastic.  

                Mama mia, what a great little place! Wow, I can't believe it look me so long to try it, but looking at the long lines, the place is pretty well known in SOMA.   Even though there's around a 5 minute wait to get to the counter and order (they only take cash), the service is quick and there were plenty of tables open after we grabbed our number.   I had the fried fish taco, and the chicken and carnitas tacos (admittedly too much food, the fish taco was huge) and my friend ordered the carnitas tacos and the carne asada fries. My friend, who's born and raised in San Diego, says it's the best carne asada that he's had in the bay area. I tried a few of his fries and they were nice and crispy, the meat was tender and full flavored. They didn't dump too much stuff on the fries to make it too soggy.  For me, the tour de force was the fish taco. The fish is a huge piece of buttery, flaky white fish with super crunchy and non-greasy skin. They didn't load the taco with too much stuff so it makes the skin soggy. Man, that was the best fish taco that I've ever had. No fancy slaw (just some cabbage) and a bit of spicy mayo. Wooooo weeee, that was good. The tacos were good, too, although I wish there was a bit more onions to give it some brightness.  Not exactly a place that's good for my waistline, but it's well worth the calories.  

                One of my favorite place for tacos and fish n' chips. fried tilapia is to die for Ahi tuna taco is perfectly cook and seasoned.  great selection of beers on tap, you can ask for a taste before making decision  our must go place before SF Giants game for sure  

                10.04.13 | bookmarked 02.25.13  They proudly announce "no crap on tap". I was not disappointed swinging by for a quick bite and drink. The place was packed, and full of friendly patrons. Order at the counter (cash only), be patient, and wait for your food and a table.  They made me a half carne asada, half pork fries. Fatty night was complete.  

                Quite a fantastic burger. No real frills, just the meat, cheese and minimal toppings. Get it. Maybe don't get the tuna taco. It's ok but, it was kinda hyped up to me and I found it kinda bland. The portion is pretty good for the price. Strong beer selection too.  

                Garaje is the best place to eat in SoMa. Their prices are fantastic and their food is amazing. I've had the cali steak zapatos, rolls royce zapatos (steak and shrimp), carnitas tacos, steak tacos, chicken tacos, and seared ahi and avocado tacos. You can't go wrong with any of the menu items here. My favorites would be the carnitas tacos and the cali steak zapatos. They also have a fantastic beer selection and they let you try them in little shot glasses if you're not sure which one to get.  Atmosphere is awesome. It's kind of like an eclectic sports bar meets a 50's diner. There are vintage license plates and Iggy Pop posters on the walls.   Service is excellent. I've never had a bad experience here and the people who work here are truly accommodating and they look like they enjoy working here.  One of my favorite places to eat in the city, hands-down. Only downside is that it's cash-only. But I think that's why they are able to keep their prices down.  

                4.5  -----CASH ONLY-----  BOMBBBBBB!  met myy friend here for lunch, and it was crackin!  luckily he came early and ordered food for me and got seats for us.  the line was out the door, and there were no vacant seats when i arrived on a weekday around 12ish.    it was def a hot spot for lunch.    come in order, and find your own seat type of deal.    we ordered everything and shared.  ill keep it simple, and list the things i ordered.  all worth trying!  you won't regret!    burger + egg!  nomZ --we were able to order it protein style only too!  cali steak--- a better version of a cali burrito!  crab sammich--it wasn't on the menu...my friend said you just have to know to order it?  it was pretty darn good!    carne asada fries--was delish!  

                I love me some delicious shoes...I mean zapatos.  DELISH.  So you walk in and head straight back to the register.  Order, grab a number, find a table, wait for the amazing food to come to you.  This place is busy so tables may be hard to come by.  You will eventually hover over other people as they finish up their food and grab the table.    Cali zapato...deliciously grilled burrito with steak and french fries.  SO GOOD.    Grilled fish taco...huge piece of fresh fish, great sauce.  YUM.  They also have quite a choice of beer.  Can't go wrong there...street parking was also available when I went at night.    Solid 5 stars.  

                Came here expecting to eat some fusion like tacos (small and expensive), and got burrito sized portions which left me unable to finish my meal. So lesson to those who think they can finish 3 tacos and half a zapato, you've been warned! The atmosphere is pretty cool, great place for happy hour bc they have a wide range of beer. My favorite item was probably the carne asada fries with a fried egg. Definitely coming back. Make sure you don't go with a large group though, its not the largest place.  

                Tacos and beer!  I love the vibe to Garaje!    It is important to bring cash here!  They only accept your stash of cash!  They deck this divey place out and the seatings consist of booths and communal tables.  You must get their Cadillac Taco, which is loaded with grilled shrimps, chopped up carne asada steak and topped with scrumptious guacomole sauce!  It was bomb!  Their Carne Asada fries and Zapato, passed.  Their Zapato reminded me of a quesadilla that were stuffed with fries, carne asada steak (in mine) and melted cheese.    It's great to load up with beer and tacos here while watching the game going on, on TV!  Their largest size beer is huge, may I add?  Enjoy!  

                If you like beer and Mexican food, you've come to the right place! Garaje (pronounced Ga-rah-hey) is a great place to grab dinner or drinks with your friends. And they have TVs, so you can watch sports! It could get pretty crowded before Giants games, so if you want to avoid the crowds, come earlier or later.  You order at the counter, and you have to pay with cash! They have booths along the walls and in the middle. Grab your drinks when you order, and they'll deliver the food to your table. They have a sign that says "No Crap On Tap," and that's true! All the beers that I've tried are mm-mm-good!   - Steak Zapatos ($8): California burrito with steak. They remind me of a high end Taco Bell crunchwrap! It's like a regular burrito that is pressed and flattened like a panini.  - Seared Ahi Tuna Taco ($5): don't be scared off by the price for a taco... They don't skimp with the ingredients at all. In fact, there was so much *stuff* on the taco I almost wanted to wrap the taco together like a burrito so nothing fell out. The fish was on point!  I don't usually carry cash on me, but since Garaje is conveniently located across the street from my work, I think I will be keeping some Andrew Jacksons on me at all times! Cheers!  

                Ummm, I can't get over this place.   I've been craving the Surfer Leo (a quesadilla-burrito hybrid, stuffed with tilapia, avocado, fries, and other delicious goodness) ever since I ate here last week. And I don't even like seafood! A+  This place was completely packed on a Friday night, so make sure to get here early.   AND don't miss out on their house-made sangria -- it's to die for, crushed berries and all.  

                Overall, I enjoyed this spot:  Carne Asada Zapato - sort of like a grilled quesadilla/burrito wrap stuffed with meat, beans and guacamole.  This was actually a bit bland to me considering there were so many ingredients in there.  Maybe the meat needed to be seasoned a bit more for my taste or needed a salsa dipping sauce.  The Pastrami Sando was great - flavorful and hearty.  We also got the Carne Asada fries which were very good - tender and well-seasoned beef atop cheese on a bed of fries.  This place is cash only and can easily get crowded...be prepared to have patience if it's busy.  

                Despite having read the reviews warning about how easy it was to miss Garaje, we still did.  In fact, my friends and I walked almost two blocks before realizing it.  Of course, that still wasn't as embarrassing as calling the place "gara-hey" (Spanish).  Instead of just, you know..."garage".  Or was I right?  I can't tell!  After walking in and checking out the menu, it's easy to see where their name comes from - an auto garage theme with menu that has a distinct Mexican tilt.  To be more precise though, I'd say it's San Diego-Mex - food served California style with fries and guac/avocados, a variety of fish tacos, and, of course, CARNE ASADA FRIES!  **Apologies in advance for the dark photos; I didn't want to use the flash...  -- NICO'S CHIPS WITH FIRE ROASTED SALSA...$3 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/garaje-san-francisco?select=g8oVt4BqdO8SSBQ7l-ijNA#vEZGQzwmLCt0SK2hFRo2VQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/gara…</a>) The thick and crunchy chips were fantastic, but I was really impressed with the salsa.  It had a good amount of heat/spice that wasn't over the top, and a nice, smokey flavor.  While chips and salsa may be free at other places, I'd gladly pay for these!  -- CARNE ASADA FRIES - Skirt Steak Asada, Jack, Guac, House Salsa...$8 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/garaje-san-francisco?select=g8oVt4BqdO8SSBQ7l-ijNA#dnLaIfiw0Nn6CkjENR3Hdw">yelp.com/biz_photos/gara…</a>) The one thing I had to try!  Not only was there a generous amount of carne asada (as well as guac), but the meat was juicy and flavorful as well.  San Diego has better to offer, and there could have been more cheese, but these were still great!  -- CALI STEAK ZAPATO...Skirt Steak Asada, Jack Cheese, Fries, Avocado, and Pico de Gallo...$8 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/garaje-san-francisco?select=g8oVt4BqdO8SSBQ7l-ijNA#5vf-1WtzSjew4O2VYa_-yQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/gara…</a>) I agreed with my friend that it's similar to Taco Bell's Grilled Stuffed Burritos, but Garaje is so much better.  I loved how all of the delicious flavors literally blended together.  My only regret is not getting the carnitas version for variety's sake.  If I were to mention of the minor quibbles I had, it'd be that the kitchen was a little slow, there aren't a lot of tables for large groups, and that it's CASH ONLY.  At the same time though, the fantastic food, friendly workers, slew of hot sauces, and awesome beer selection more than compensate for any shortcomings.  Also, while their main items are listed on the board by the register, make sure to take a look at the paper menu as well.  Not only is it a little easier to read, but there's also a "secret" menu that's not listed on the wall.  Ultimately, it may not alter what you decide to order, but it certainly gives you reasons to come back!  

