                Giant Burger lol. More a giant mess...don't get me wrong, thoroughly enjoyed my lunch and will return when I can for another.   But hook yourself up with a boat load of napkins and perhaps a fork, by the time you reach the backside it's gonna be a mess.   Had the mushroom burger with everything (Grilled onions!)   Burger cooked right and mushrooms had great flavor....I don't recall if it had the Swiss I asked for....oh well.  

                I don't think this place has changed in the last 35 years ....  Breakfast ends at 11:30.  Counter service, but plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.  The other day I saw someone walk in with a parrot on their shoulder.  It's a pretty basic burger - that you can add cheese or bacon to.  The lettuce, tomato, onions and pickles are fresh and generously piled on.    It's nothing fancy, but after spending a few hours splashing around in the bay, a messy burger hits the spot.  

                This place is definitely an awesome hole in the wall. I've driven past this place so many times and after countless years- finally checked it out.  I was craving a breakfast burrito, and ordered over the phone. It was around $7-$8 (can't remember exactly). So glad I followed the suggestion of another yelp to call I. My order because They are really busy in the mornings! Lots of regulars.   When I got my burrito, it was huge! It was still warm too (they keep it under heating lamp). Such a filling breakfast and so yummy. I love that it was packed with generous contents including egg, cheese, hot links (I requested this with up charge), and hash browns!  Can't wait to try other items next time.  

                Great tasting burgers? Check Great tasting french fries? Check Will I come back? Yes  This little gem of burger joint is right off of Doolittle.  you can't miss the Giant burger sign out of all the commercial warehouses over there.  Not much to eat out there except for this place.  I got the cheeseburger and fries combo and it was less than $7!  The burger is pretty big and the 1/3 pound patty is juicy and grilled well.  One of these days I'll be back for the fish and chips.    Only thing I don't like about this place is that they don't use Heinz ketchup.  Bathrooms located in the back...  

                Home of the Best breakfast burrito and burger in the East Bay!  I have been coming here for about 2 years and have not had a single issue.   Consistantcy goes a long way.  

                A huge cheese burger for under $4.00. In my opinion it puts In N Out to shame. Basic soft bun, 1/3 patty, American cheese with lettuce, onions and tomatoes. Curly fries are okay nothing exciting.   Ordered and paid inside at the counter. Food took about 15 minutes cooked to order. Owners were nice.   A lot of seating inside with a couple tables outside. More of a to-go kind of place.   Besides burger, hot dog and corn dog basics they also serve breakfast and rice dishes.  

                I drove past here a million times. I always wondered how it was. Finally I stopped by and I'm impressed. It's typical dive, dirt parking lot nothing new interior. The food is what sets them apart. Great burgers, good fish n chips, great teriyaki chicken. Huge portions for low price. Word of advice don't order the 5 piece fish n chips unless your famished!  Five large pieces of fish cooked to perfection in a crispy batter with a mountain of fries. The teriyaki plate has salad, the bowl doesn't. Call in your order, everything is cooked to order and they get pretty busy. If you are a fan of dives bookmark Giant Burger.  

                When you first walk in, you get the hole in the wall or divey diner kind of atmosphere. But never mind the interior/decor because who cares as long as the food is good and fresh! If you are looking for a fancier breakfast/diner type then this is not the place for you.  This place has the most amazing hearty breakfast. I always get the hotlink or the omelette. It's amazing. It's run by two sweet Korean couple. If you are really hungry and want your food fast then go there after the normal lunch hours because it gets super busy!  

                This place is great always busy and my last trip I had a club and it was the best. This time the pastrami burger.  

                I have had the pleasure of grabbing lunch here twice and I am so glad I got to. It's such a quaint unassuming place from the outside. When you drive by later in the day it looks dead and it seems like it wouldn't be that good, but they are really busy during lunch. No fancy decor or signs because frankly they don't need it.   Both times I opted for a burger combo meal. The first time was a regular 1/3 cheeseburger and it was such a big hefty burger. I was in love. And what I love is that at the end of my burger I still have lots of fries to keep eating. They give a good amount of fries here.   Second time around I chose the mushroom burger. I was iffy at first. I thought maybe I should just stick to the basic cheeseburger because a lot of times I've tried mushroom burgers at random places I pay couple extra dollars and the mushroom doesn't make a difference in the taste of the burger. Or it tastes somewhat good at first and as I eat more it just seems meh and I feel like I wasted my money. This was not the case here. The mushrooms itself taste soooo good. The mushrooms were large too. *drool* the burger was freaking huge and so so juicy..   The owners were the ones who took my order and cooked it and they seem like super sweet hard working people. Definitely makes me want to come back again.   Thanks for reigniting my true love for mushroom burgers. I will come back for more and will need to try the avocado burger too.   Btw they serve breakfast!!  

                Since they're called Giant BURGER, let's talk about the burger first.  Their 1/3 lb. Giant Cheeseburger (3 1/2 stars) was good. For $4.09, you get a pretty big burger w/ what seems like a whole red onion sliced and put on top....aight maybe not a whole onion, but if you eat this burger w/o taking at least some of the onions off, you're gonna taste nothing but onions.......for the rest of the week. Their small Fries (4 stars) are unsalted/unseasoned, and they give you a good sized portion, but if your blood pressure is low and you need a boost, they've got salt at the table for you. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/giant-burger-san-leandro?select=tPtGlIe_BduZBEel9RqHOw#0NiN-gKGNhPQC5Ghs8rD1g">yelp.com/biz_photos/gian…</a>  Now that we've got that out of the way.....you can start paying attention.  They're not on the menu, but the "giant" breakfast burritos here are THE BEST F'ING BREAKFAST BURRITOS I've ever had. First time, I got the $6 Bacon Breakfast Burrito (5 stars) that was a loaded w/ hash browns, eggs, bacon, and cheese, and figured it couldn't get better...I was wrong.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/giant-burger-san-leandro?select=tPtGlIe_BduZBEel9RqHOw#5Glwm3QiIpjRcy8YUXLe8g">yelp.com/biz_photos/gian…</a> My next time, I paid $1 extra and got the Hot Link Breakfast Burrito (5 stars)....are you f**king kidding me bro?! If I wasn't worried about turning into more of a fat*ss, I'd have one of these every morning! <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/giant-burger-san-leandro?select=tPtGlIe_BduZBEel9RqHOw#SuSD2QNz2Ydl4E5EqjskZQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/gian…</a>  If you're gonna take my word and try these, here's what you've gotta know: 1. They open at 7am on weekdays, and 2. You should call in your order instead of just showing up and ordering in person (It took 30 minutes to make 2 breakfast burritos)  

                Giant burger is right! My husband and I tried it out for the first time today and was very impressed with the burger and the price. You really get your moneys worth here. I got the cheese burger combo and the husband got the double cheese burger combo. I honestly am quite embarrassed and somewhat ashamed to say we both finished our burgers LOL!   I wasn't a fan of the fries though. I thought they had a funny taste, like if the oil they used to fry them was old? I dont know, I could go without fries next time. The bun wasn't great either, as soon as you bite into the burger it sort of falls apart. The decor is really outdated and the place looks dirty because everything is so old.   Despite the negatives I think this place is good if your looking for a burger that will fill you up on a budget. Also it was pretty busy so it can't be all bad. I'd try this place out again in the future  

                Great mushroom burger.  Lots of fresh produce on it too. I always judge burgers by the amount of napkins needed. Had to use 5!  

                Completely filthy restaurant with food on floors,dirty walls and tables....gross.Yes the burgers are large but that's because you get half a produce dept on it. NOT  

                I like these folks. They've got the best hamburger in town, a teriyaki chicken plate that's very popular and my favorite, thin fried catfish. They are always very friendly and generous with their portions. I've never left here disappointed!  

                Fine burger. You pretty much get exactly what you expect when you see a weathered old burger joint in an industrial area: good, cheap burger,(with lots of  iceberg lettuce, onions, tomato). Friendly service, clean dining room. I took a star off because the French fries were thicker than I like and also tasted like they'd been fried with the fish and chips. I'd be back, I'd just get the onion rings.  

                Solid four stars, yes you are Closer than In-N-Out, yup you're not that far I order your double 1/3 lb burger and I think I'm hungry, and I'll eat it in a blink But behold, I have met my match I ordered this innocent burger and there was a catch When I opened it I wasn't expecting  This behemoth of a burger that I'd soon be respecting  It's a monster, and that's a good thing Better than any pizza or wings I've found this sweet little mom and pops shop In-N-Out, I'm sorry, I think you just got swapped  OK, I really like this little mom and pop burger joint.  I ordered the double cheeseburger because I was hungry...and hungry means something different from a dude who has gained a lot of weight like me... it basically means i can PUT IT DOWN!  But this burger almost worked me.  Basically their double burger is HUGE, it's tasty, and it's messy.  Also ordered their chili cheese fries, and they use nacho cheese....what's there not to love.  So yeah, this place is a favorite spot now.  Thank you Giant Burger!  (Also, the owners are really sweet)  

                Super fast service , big portions , affordable cheeseburger with bacon and teriyaki chicken whit salad  is what I recommend also the fries the make fresh , real friendly customer service .  

                Greasy deliciousness. And now they have sautéed veggies as an option with your teriyaki chicken! So yummy and love the little lady that works the register, she is so sweet!  

                Came here after yelping a burger place near the airport. There was a steady stream of customers. The staff was very friendly. Prices were good. The burgers were not impressive. I had a chili burger and the chili was plenty, but the burger was thin and not tasty. My friend had a fried chicken burger and it appeared to be from a package. I am chalking my experience to a bad luck day as almost everyone else had a good experience. If I ever go back, I will re review  

                Hands down burger.  I like the big stack of crispy fresh lettuce in their burgers.  Fries are fresh and tasty.  Pineapple shakes are great as well.  Price is dirt cheap.  

                Always passed by Giant Burger on way to Oakland Airport. Finally decided to try it after a co-worker suggested it for lunch. And I wasn't disappointed.   Their burgers are huge and a great deal - and for 50 cents more you can get fries and drink. Nice deal!  Their burger taste very fresh. Co-worker had the teriyaki rice bowl and she loves their veggie burger. Thinking of trying the fish and chips the next time.   Staff is very nice and the place is clean. Does tend to be crowded during prime lunch hours when those working nearby flock to this place. Plenty of parking in the large lot.  

                So glad I listened to dad's recommendation.  My eldest was in the mood for a teriyaki bowl and low and behold this place offers them!! Not to mention a good ole truck stop burger.  Next time i'll have to ask them to add on their teriyaki sauce.  This place was packed without an available table during lunch.  Some people resorted to sharing tables.  The fish & chips looks good, I'll have to try that and their salmon teriyaki next. You would never think to order chicken teriyaki at a burger joint but it definitely was worth it for the price & portion.  

                I enjoyed my meal. I went at dinner. Had to wait for my food as it was cooked fresh. I am 6'8" 234 pounds and I was full  will eat there again  

                Been driving by this place for 25 years.  Yes, right by.  Never thought to stop in because it looks like a dive and there's never many cars in the lot.  Finally decided to give it a try today.  Inside, typical dive diner decor.  Lots of workers - construction, garbage truck drivers, etc. so thought it should be good if these guys come every day.  Ordered an omelet, son had eggs and sausage.  Food was OK, plentiful - we both had to take some home, but definitely not gourmet.  BTW -while we were eating, saw 5 garbage trucks park in the back of the lot.  Guess these guys are regulars 'cause the dump is close by.  Prices are reasonable.  Service was typical Asian no-talk-much.  (no haters please.  I'm Asian).  Great prices on burgers and they looked pretty good, so we'll be back to try them.  

                I wanted to go to Foster's Freeze for my Friday lunch out, but instead was persuaded by J. to go try Giant Burger instead. Driving an extra 10 minutes brought me to this truck-stop-like diner that was packed with people waiting for their meals. I was a bit confused because while some folks were munching on burgers, others had bowls of teriyaki chicken in front of them. I turned around and saw that the cashier was Korean. I guess that's where they got the Chicken bowl idea from. It looked really good, and I wish I had some time to try it. But on that day, I vouched to try their bacon cheeseburger. With a drink and some fries, it came to less than 8 dollars. It wasn't that bad since even McDonald's charge over 6 bucks for a meal these days.   The burger itself was a treat. The veggies were neatly placed, and the beef was fresher than most fast-food joints. The fresh lettuce made it feel like a giant In-n-out burger, which I enjoy. The bacon wasn't extraordinary, but still crispy and flavorful. I have to say that it was a good meal from an out-of-the-way place for me. I'll have to go back another week.  

                Great mom and pop burger joint. Good service and tasty food. What more could you ask for? Next time, ill try the teriyaki plate. Great little spot!  

                This place is my "go to " spot when I want that juicy filling burger.  Not the typical fast food joint.  I've had their burgers, fish burger, fish and chips, and teriyaki chicken and all of them have never disappointed me.  The portions were a good size and the food always had flavor.   Love the mom and pop feel of the place.    If you want food around noon make sure you call it in as this place does get packed and it takes some time for them to get your order out.  Tons of parking but you just gotta wait.  

                Great for phone orders. Place is really busy for lunch.  It seems like a hole in the wall, which it kinda is on the outside. (I am super skeptic of these and food trucks)....However, I love the fact they are family owned. Mom, Dad and Daughter run it and there are too cute. They do a great job and keep the place clean.  What I order:  Giant Mushroom Burger....Biggest burger I've had outside of fuddruckers. French Toast Breakfast with Sausage and Hash browns.  

                If you pass by this place, you should go in. Their burgers are DELICIOUS. Their fries are pretty good too. I really like the mushroom burger. Their prices are pretty cheap if you compare them to In-N-Out. A mushroom burger combo is around $7 and their fries are a good size portion.  

                Maybe it's cuz i'm from NY, but i dont see a big deal about seemingly non-hand made burgers and low end toppings..... or maybe it's cuz I had all them great burgers in Southern California... or maybe this place just isn't all that.  Did it come through in a pinch for a low-cost before getting work done for the day? Yeah, for sure.   However, that's about where it ends.  

                This place is off the hook the burgers are awesom  

                Teriyaki chicken is killer  

                Giant is right, after eating the 1/3 lb. burger and a healthy serving of fries, I was stuffed. It's your typical, nothing special, straight-forward burger place. I heard the breakfast is quite popular here. I'm going to try out Hegenburger the next time I'm in the area. I heard they're similar?  

                I drive by places like this all the time, and figure it's just a mom and pop burger place that wishes it could be a Red Robin or Barney's. They're usually so empty. I've even eaten in similar looking places that were just disappointing.  THIS PLACE, though, was surprisingly good! A friend of mine took me there, and I had the cheeseburger combo The burger was huge!. There's nothing like getting a burger right off the grill. The burger was juicy, and there was just the right amount of lettuce, tomatoes, and stuff that it didn't overpower the burger. I've eaten in places that puts too much lettuce and onions in the burger that you find a full salad on your plate after picking it out. I really enjoyed the burger.   I ate there again a few days later to try their fish and chips. I didn't love it as much as the burger because it was mostly batter and fries. That won't keep me from going back for more burgers in the future, though!  If you're going to eat there, call ahead. Apparently, everyone who works locally eats there IN ADDITION to those to drive in from somewhere to eat there too. Enjoy!  

                Driving alongside industrial San Leandro, one could only hope there is anything aside from broken rigs and and semis. Well right across from the golf course there is a little mom and pop shop called Giant Burgers.  Don't let the atmosphere fool you, they may not put money into their decor but their food is amazing. I got the grilled chicken myself and my friend the original burger. Both were very large in size and taste while so small in price, I would have paid at least $15 in any other burger place for how big everything was.  So if your ever off Doolittle (61) in San Leandro, Ca. GO FOR IT  

                Good, large burger.  Definitely a blue collar hangout, but if you're looking for a hamburger while waiting for someone at the airport, this is the place.  Each burger is cooked from scratch and to order.  I created an avocado and bacon burger - crispy bacon and 1/2 an avocado for about $6.  Remember - 3 stars is "A-OK".  That's what this place is.  

                This was the worst Place to get lunch. I was $9.24 for an order that was NOT correct. That's not worth it or worth the long wait for my order. Never go here if you want to eat lunch. I called them to let them know and they can't even understand me!  

                Sometimes when I gotta work on a Saturday morning I'll stop off here for some breakfast.   The breakfast is always on point as you don't get a messy greasy sloppy breakfast.     They do your basic asian burger joint type of fare and they do an above average job at doing it.  

                While on the road for sales calls I had seen the sign for this place as large as the sun! After I was finished working i stopped in to order some lunch, I was not disappointed. It reminds me of the old A&W Root beer joints I had eaten at when I was a kid.  So inside i went, first thing the place is clean, well kept and organized.   The menu was extensive with all the items you would see in a good burger joint and then some. Ordered the standard burger with fires! with all the fix-ins. Grabbed a soda and sat at one of the small tables. When I waited the place filled up with all the local 99% ers that have jobs in the area. My order # was called and it looked good, fresh tomatoes, red onions and lettuce with pickles I was impressed. My food was real tasty and made like I want it well done.  Its was a Giant Burger for sure!   facility's - the bathrooms were clean this is a plus! and looked safe....  I would say when in town check them out!  

