                The best lobster tail I have ever had! Seriously this thing was a whopping 8oz's. My other favorite is calamari steak and salmon.  Add in family style dinner that comes with it this place is truly amazing !  

                I absolutely love this restaurant. It's been the place I've gone to with my family for any special occasion we're celebrating. Everything we've ever ordered has always been absolutely delicious.  The only thing that I still have a hard time understanding is why they havnt done something about the water they serve customers. I'd be surprised if anyone drinks the water. So why do they still always serve each table a carafe of this water that smells of sulfur or gas or sewer. Wouldn't a filter system of some kind solve the problem and it reality wouldn't cost them much at all except the price to change the filter? Maybe the smell is so strong not even a filter system can take the smell out. If that's the case then goodness call the Alhambra man to deliver some drinking water. I'm sure they will deliver to that area for others.  Anyways, I'd give all 5 stars to this restaurant if it wasn't for the problem with the water. Maybe one day in the future I'll be able to change my review after I eat another delicious meal and to my surprise drink a glass of refreshing clean water!  

                Ate lunch here today with a big group.  We had to wait for a while because it was packed!  It's an interesting place tucked in the Sacramento Delta.  If you go, be prepared for a long drive from anywhere but it's a good place to get a great lunch.  

                After a long drive from the bay area to meet my parents for dinner for my Mom's birthday, we decided on Giusti's.    I drove there since *someone* may have had a bit too much wine at the SF Giants game earlier.  I must note it is in the middle of nowhere.  It's not the safest drive, either.  The building itself reminds me of that place in "The Goonies" where the Fratellis are hiding Sloth and those dead bodies.  The inside is interesting--a buncha baseball caps adorn the ceiling.  Otherwise, it's pretty sh*tkicker, decor-wise:  a bunch of over-sized fish, deer antlers, etc.    When we arrived we didn't have a reservation.  Not too smart when you have a 3-year old with you.  The bartender/host told us it would be a 60 minute wait.  I never believe someone when they give me a time quote like that.  Surely you jest--60 minutes?  I always think they are just giving me that kind of time quote so that when they seat me in 30 minutes, I will be pleased that it wasn't 60.  Wrong!  It was a full-blown 60 minutes.  Man, that's painful.  And I didn't want to have any drinks while I waited because I knew I'd be driving out of there and back to the bay that same evening.  Definitely designate a driver and do some drinking if you have to wait that long.    The menu here is small--there's about 6-7 regular menu items and about 5 specials.  They have prime rib, rib-eye, filet mignon, etc. (vegetarians do not go nuts for this place).  All of these dishes are served with a baked potato (sour cream & butter).  Salad and soup are included.  The price of each entree is roughly $20-$30.    I wasn't too hungry by the time we arrived.  I ordered the salmon special, but I wasn't that excited about it--I don't know why but I didn't find the menu too appealing.  The minestrone soup course came out first.  I didn't have any, but my sister's daughter loved it.  The salad came out next, and it was delicious, but dressed too heavily.  I liked the garbanzo/kidney bean mix and the side of salami.    I only ate a little bit of my salmon, but it was good.  It wasn't too exciting.    Kids Menu: Fried Chicken or Spaghetti (I think).  My niece had the spaghetti.  It looked good.  They have high chairs.    One big problem I had was with the water.  They put a carafe of tap water at our table and it was awful!  It tasted like sulphur!  Wow, I would not be serving that water if I were them.  If I lived in that area, I'd be really worried about that water quality.  I wanted to go Erin Brockovich on them after one sip.    Anyway, other than the water (go for bottled), the place isn't too bad.  Come with a big, carniverous appetite.  And bring cash--no credit cards (although they have an ATM on the premises).  Cowboy up.  

                Visiting the area so this was on the bucket list as I've seen this on triple D.  So let me start off with I love old school joints, grew up in the North Beach of San Francisco when we had several family style restaurants, including 3 basque style.   Showed up Sunday before Labor Day around 4:45pm, 20 min wait so we pulled up a couple of bar stools.  I love IPA's but they were out but did have Sierra Nevada on tap, nice.   Ordered the bbq oyster to start.  Our server was awesome and indicated that these are not done in the half shell but rather it was breaded and then grilled.  I broke my golden rule, don't order oysters if the location is over an hour away from the coast (unless your in Las Vegas where it gets flown in daily).  Jar oysters  , which is okay by me, but the breading was soggy.  1 star.  sStandard family style fare, starts off with minestrone soup, overall good but wife said it was too salty, 3 stars.  Salad had a nice dressing, wife like it very much, 4 stars.  Standard bean salad and salami (nice addition).  I ordered the fried chicken.  Flavor was overall very good, crisp skin, but unfortunately my chicken was overcooked.  2 stars, but I'm wiling to go back and give them another shot if I'm in the area.  It was Sunday so Prime Rib was available (Fri, Sat, & Sun) so wife order this medium rare.  Came out perfect med rare and huge slice (16 oz), a great value at $28.    Love the charm of this joint and willing to give them another shot on the chicken (which looks like they are known for), so for now only 3 stars.  

                Limited, but high quality menu.  Steaks, veal, calamari steak, lamb chops.  Or pasta.  All entrees come with family style minestrone soup and salad with thousand island dressing, plus sliced salami, bean salad, and crusty bread.  Spaghetti with meat sauce was hearty.  Steaks were cooked well, but I wish I'd asked for its spicy peppercorn sauce on the side.  Unique, homely feel.  Definitely worth stopping in.  Full bar.  

                We were invited to join friends for dinner here, and I can't believe it took so long for me to get here and check it out. It's just the kind of place I dig. Old-timey, no pretention, and a family-style menu.  I ordered a Gibson, and my girl ordered a Bloody Mary, and we were both well-pleased.  The bread is delicious - the soup also! We also enjoyed the 3-bean salad and salami, I ordered the rack of lamb, and Ms. J ordered a ribeye. Damn, people, that was some good stuff! Perfectly cooked, and reasonably priced to boot.  This is the kind of place to bring out-of-town visitors :)  

                This place is full of character. On a Sunday early afternoon (12:30 pm) the bar is hopping and full of people, who all seem to know each other. The dinning area was also pretty crowded.   The menu is on the wall and we ordered the chicken fried steak ($11.95) and smoked brisket ($11.95). A bean barley vegetable soup and bread came with lunch. The soup was great. The chicken fried steak was fair, but I had to give it a try. The smoked brisket was a little dry. The side of beans with sausage it came with was tasty, though we couldn't tell what kind of sausage was in it.   Now that we know how to find this place and learned that it doesn't require a long drive along the levee, we'll be back.  

                Very coolio restraunt and bar!  It's an annual must do for us each year while vacationing on the Delta!  Always fun to pilot Our boat here for dinner and a few pops!  Good food!!  Love Walnut Grove!  

                It has a neat small town decor but the food was bad (well, the bread was good).  Two in my party didn't even finish a quarter of the main entree, including the fries.  My steak was medium and rather tough (ordered it medium rare).   The meal pricing is messed up.  A steak and grilled cheese were the same price?  I was expecting something extra fancy for a $12.50 grilled cheese, but it was wonder bread and American cheese. So buyer beware, bad menu values are bad values.  Just pass this place by or maybe stop to check out the bar, get a brew, and check out all of the hats hanging from the wall.  Don't eat.  

                A fun meal out in the sloughs with the boater regulars piling in. Nothing fancy, like a hunters lodge with taxidermy animal heads and fish lining the walls. Old school charming.  Pretty good clam chowder and a garlicky minestrone soup for starters. The salad was excellent, dressed with a thousand island type house dressing. The garbanzo and bean dish accompanying the salad was tasty.  Excellent fried chicken! A half chicken, crunchy exterior with a juicy inside. Loved the well prepared sand dabs, lightly dusted in flour with a little crispness. Served plain the way I like then. Less is more on a tender sand dab. A walk along the banks edge after the meal was relaxing. Never saw so many fig trees, loaded with fruit covering the banks! Don't know why figs would grow like that there but why isn't someone picking and making Newtons?!!!  

                I'm such a fan of Giusti's!! I heard great things but honestly was a tad skeptical when I walked in...the energy and friendly bartenders quickly turned it around. We started with the calamari apps: wowza. Because they were so delicious, I couldn't resist ordering the calamari steak as a main. That, I did not regret! It was tender and rounded, no tentacles attached. There was also an accompanying dill sauce that knocked my socks off. It's family style, so there are huge bowls of minestrone soup and salad brought out. Everyone else at our table for 10 loved them, though I was already feeling full so I didn't try the salad (now regrettable). The only downside was that my glass of Pinot Grigio was kinda yucky haha-oddly fruity for my taste, but that's more a reflection of the wine company than Giusti's.  I love the vibe of this place and would visit again in a heartbeat. I now understand why it's a staple for the Delta!  

                Giusti's is a charming little gem, tucked away amongst winding levy roads, draw bridges, boats, and sleepy little towns.   Outside, you will have to navigate your way down a narrow lane and grab a slab of dirt to park on. Plastic chairs and weathered decks line both sides of the street. There's a small entrance carved into the greenery, which leads to a private dock, reserved only for guests of Giusti's.  Inside, you will find lively conversations, smiles, and generations of character. You can tell that not much has changed in a hundred years, and that's because it works.  The meals are served family style, right in line with the atmosphere. The minestrone soup is hearty and obviously made from scratch.  The salad (so good) is fresh and crisp, served up with seasoned lentils & salami.   It's tough to spot a table without a bottle of wine, as they have an excellent selection - at very reasonable prices. I selected the Dancing Coyote Pino Grigio at $16, and was very pleased. The pesto pasta is substantially rich, a.k.a., not for a light eater. My prawns were fresh, crispy and delicious, served alongside a perfectly baked potato.  The service was incredible. We had multiple people checking in on us, the entire meal.  Bring your Jackson's, as this classic place is cash only. Like I said, not much has changed in 100 years.  

                My family and I come here often the service is amazing, the food is tasty and you can't beat the two lobsters for $30 on a Wednesday. They also have free corkage so you can bring your own wine. The fried chicken is probably the best fried chicken I've ever had. We can't wait to come back on Friday they have clam chowder!!!  

                First of all, we ate here because friends invited us. Second, I do not like to give a bad review, so let me first say something nice about Giusti's -- the older gentleman at the bar who got our drinks before dinner, was very sweet & friendly.  OK, now as for the food, waitresses, ambiance, I could not wait to leave the place.  There was not one thing on the menu I would want to order, (health-minded people don't bother coming). The place was filthy & seemed like the floor was leaning!  The waitress was rude.  The salad was warm & wilted with too much dressing.  The soup was served luke warm, bacteria anybody?  The meat was awful.  And last but not least, we felt sick all weekend after eating here!  

                I love this place. Classic Italian American food. I've been here a handful of times and the food is always excellent, namely the lamb chops, sweetbreads, lasagna and the delicious minestrone which is served with every entree. It does fit into that unique category of California grandma food along with other restaurants such as Espanol, which might sound like a negative but it really is the highest complement I'm capable of paying these time tested establishments.  If you want to taste food that has the authenticity of something consistently prepared well for generations go check out giustis. Swing by your bank on the way out, it's cash only and their atm comes with a hefty fee.  

                Went and had lunch while out doing a recon run for my car club for an upcoming event through the Delta. Lunch was great as was our service. This is a little hidden gem in the Calif Delta.  

                Funky joint! A DDD find, we had to stop by on our way home. Everything about it is old. The recipes, the building, even the patrons. The road is narrow and parking is tight. "Where's the front door? That's not it. Maybe it's this one...yea, found it." A little odd, I must say.  Cash only, but there's an ATM-ish setup. The little machine across from the bar spits out a receipt that the bartender redeems for cash. It almost seems like no one wants to drive out to refill a cash machine. Not ordinary.  Now to borrow a note about food. "The meals are served family style, right in line with the atmosphere. The minestrone soup is hearty and obviously made from scratch.  The salad (so good) is fresh and crisp, served up with seasoned lentils & salami." I was going to word that myself, but Mrs. N. did such a wonderful job! I will simply says it's old-world cuisine. See for yourself.  The service was really quite good. This place is dark and funky. It's loved by locals and embraces families. If you want something out of the norm, consider trying Giusti's.  

                The best blue cheese filet mignon around.   The rack of lamb is also delicious.     Family style salad and soup is also bomb.  Just don't drink the water folks the good ole smell of sulfur will make some sick hahah.    Family owned and its got that rustic old delta feel.   You can also pull up after a day of wakeboarding on the delta and roll on in.     A great place to get a meal.  No credit cards are taken though make sure you have cash or have your atm card so you can get cash from the atm inside the restaurant.  

                Very nice place nestled in the middle of nowhere.  We arrived 5 minutes before closing so I asked if we could still have dinner and Thank goodness we were told we could.  At 9pm there was only one other couple there dining and 2 people at the bar. The bartender was friendly as was our server.  I ordered the fried chicken which was great.  I would've given a 5 star had they warned me their water was from the high sulfur content well water.  It smelled bad. If you want water you can actually drink they'll sell you spring water. If I waited tables here I'd bring my own jug of water to serve my customers.  

                I WILL be returning to Giusti's!  I have lived in the area all of my life..and it took me this long to get to Giusti's. The draw... 2 for 1 lobster dinner on Wednesdays from 5 pm to 8:30-9:00ish..  Hint..during the summer months get there by 4:30 pm or around 8:30 pm. That may help you not having to wait for 1 1/2 hours.   They get b.u.s.y.  Here is the deal and it is a GREAT one... $30 bucks for two lobster tail dinners...that $15 per meal..with soup and salad.   Try to beat that anywhere. Includes: ~sour dough french bread with plenty of butter <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9imQ1LLgQSyg7qlAuMvZ4Q?select=ySC0dsAEDKL6rv1WAYTr3g#wJmhfNhG7sjNc5d_1W7aYw">yelp.com/biz_photos/9imQ…</a> ~a large yummy salad, fresh and crispy with lots of goodies on the top. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9imQ1LLgQSyg7qlAuMvZ4Q?select=ySC0dsAEDKL6rv1WAYTr3g#wWMfNg6RZsaJ8oNkv7Kr5A">yelp.com/biz_photos/9imQ…</a> ~soup...tonight it was a rich minestrone....served family style. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9imQ1LLgQSyg7qlAuMvZ4Q?select=ySC0dsAEDKL6rv1WAYTr3g#_F0hd_MuBTQ1CbPMk0Zweg">yelp.com/biz_photos/9imQ…</a> ~a baked potato done just right with a side of sour cream ~and of course a fair size lobster tail.  (the pic shows two...you only get one per order) Comes with a side of drawn butter  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9imQ1LLgQSyg7qlAuMvZ4Q?select=ySC0dsAEDKL6rv1WAYTr3g#m0X2wug2nmBYHwbGEjH4QA">yelp.com/biz_photos/9imQ…</a> ~nice touch...iced water with lemon  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9imQ1LLgQSyg7qlAuMvZ4Q?select=ySC0dsAEDKL6rv1WAYTr3g#0lWOq5z-6oR6vVfXE9t5Rg">yelp.com/biz_photos/9imQ…</a> This place reminds me a lot of the Waterloo Club.  From the looks to the atmosphere to the noise level.  It is the Waterloo of the Delta! View from men's room:  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9imQ1LLgQSyg7qlAuMvZ4Q?select=ySC0dsAEDKL6rv1WAYTr3g#uJKJ4eyzLTEe1IVwQbaxJQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/9imQ…</a> haha...  I will be back at a less rushed time to try some their other yummy dishes.  Don't wait...get there now!  

                This place is amazing, they serve family style so we share soup and salad and they will bring more. The anti pasta plate is yummy, love the 2 for 1 lobster on Wed. Hubby lives the fried chicken. Great bread and service , they don't take credit cards but they will take checks.  

                My mom loved this place so I have a soft spot in my heart for it.  She always ordered the calamari steak.  I like the minestrone.  They serve local wines.  Honestly, any bar you stop at along the Delta is cool in my book.  They're old, have history, and the locals are characters.  Get a DD and start at Fosters in Rio Vista.  Then take the ferry and head back to Giusti's.  From there you can hit Tony's then Al the Wops.  

                This occupies a patch of hard pan and Delta backwash in BFE, on the outskirts of Walnut Grove. The view out front consists of a parking lot, dumpsters and a fig tree. The proprietors keep the shades drawn.   Much of the the interior looks untouched since 1923 or so and features lots of wood paneling and taxidermy. The obligatory wall full of pictures--presumably customers-- includes athletes like Dusty Baker, Mickey Mantle, Don Larsen and Dan Pastorini, as well as a photo of a 1937 championship softball team.      When we visited for lunch, the food was mostly pretty good. A grilled oyster appetizer was tasty, minestrone soup was decent, hamburgers and fries were excellent, Portuguese beans were hearty like chili, smoked brisket was solid, and chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes were like my mom might have made. Unfortunately, she was just an average cook.   There was a problem with the eggplant parmegiano. It seems the eggplant was prepared improperly and therefore bitter, which was too bad because it took away from delicious tomato sauce seemingly made from scratch. When we complained and left the dish largely uneaten, restaurant staffers seemed confused and then neglected to make the gracious gesture of deducting the cost from our bill. We shouldn't have to ask for that.        Other problems:  1) While the sign board with a brief menu was a nice, simple touch, it didn't include the fried calamari ordered by the people at the next table. Had we known it was available, we might have ordered it.        2) The water, served in carafes with slices of lemon, was putrid. The fruit couldn't mask the essence of sulfur.   3) It's a cash-only spot, so I had to use the in-house ATM, which cost me an extra $1.50. I bet the restaurant takes a cut of that rather than paying a two percent fee for credit cards. It might be good business, but it pisses off customers.    Even for a dive, which Giusti's certainly is, this place is decidedly mediocre.  

                My wife & I saw Guy Fieri review this on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, so we decided to give it a try.    It is very small and quaint - easy access for families, boaters and there were lots of motorcycles here when we arrived at 4pm for the start of the dinner menu.  There was already a decent line for dinner.  They only have about 10 tables indoors for dinner, and about the same amount outdoors.  We waited about 10 minutes for an indoor table.    The server was nice.  My wife ordered the veal (breaded) and I ordered the Pasta with "Creamy Alfredo" sauce.  They immediately gave us a carafe of ice water with a lemon in it.  It tasted terrible!  It had a strong sulfur taste.  So I ordered a diet pepsi to drink.  They also gave us some of their home made Pugliese bread, which was great!    Tossed green salad comes with the entrees, which was also very good.  It comes with their special house dressing, and came with a side of kidney and garbanzo beans, and a side of cut salami.  The entrees come also come with a bowl of soup (minestrone) - it was good, but needed salt.  The soup got good reviews on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.  Then they brought our main course - my wife's veal came with a baked potato (which also had a large side of sour cream).  My Pasta came with no sides.  It was just covered in creamy Alfredo sauce.  My wife said the veal would have been better if it wasn't soaked in sauce - the sauce kind of ruined the crunchy breading.  It made it soggy. She said the veal was ok.  I tasted it - it had a fishy taste.  Maybe they cook it on the same grill with the fish?  My Pasta was fair to poor.  The sauce had WAY too much garlic for my taste. The excess garlic  took away from the creaminess.  Spaghetti Factory has far superior Fettucini Alfredo.  There hasn't been anything better so far.  One other annoying thing, they had at least two women that kept coming by and taking our plates away.  Not sure if they were in a hurry to get us out of there to make room for more, or what.  But they took my silverware, so I had to put the butter on my bread with my fingers.  Hehe.  I guess they are attentive!  

                Wow. This place is the definition of summertime. An awesome dive bar and restaurant. We went for the buy one get one free lobster tails on Wednesday's. Tails were big, cooked perfectly and were delicious. I opted for sautéed spinach rather than baked potato as my side and it was garlicky and delicious. 2 bottles of red wine later my party and I left very happy and will definitely coming back.  

                Yum yum yum!!!! The fried chicken was amazing!!!!! For three meals and three beers it cost less than $50. There was more than enough food from minestrone soup, salad, bean salad, salami, bread and your main dish. If you love a quaint little place with amazing food, come here.  

                I love Guisti's! It's another family owned business that my family has been coming to for years & years. My amazing grandmother first taught me of this place when I was a child.  My personal favorite is the 2 for 1 lobster Wednesday's! A great deal & amazing dinner. My other favorite is the salmon special. My grandmother would always get the rack of lamb & said it was delish!   They have a great bar to hang out before & after dinner. There is a bumper pool table & juke box. Baseball hats are hung upon the ceiling. It's a great dive bar with a killer restaurant hidden in the back.  Go to Guisti's if you have never been!  

                Wow! The food was amazing.  Cute quirky little place.  Love local spots that have been around forever! I'm going back! My filet mignon with point reyes blue cheese was to die for!  

                Who would have thought that a Seared Ahi Tuna Salad would be amazing at an Italian place but it was.  Actually went well with my favorite minestrone soup.  

                FUN SPOT and GOOD FOOD  Went here with an old boss and EVERYTHING was EXCELLENT, I will be back for another try soon.  Parking sucks, but it's worth it.  Dress code includes Bikinis in the Summer I am told.  Lots of boaters come here and tie up.  

                We eat meals out on the Delta often and this is hands-down my favorite.  It is old school Italian, and then some, but it is refreshing to be away from pretentiousness and yet still have a wonderful dining experiences. Be hungry and be careful about ordering too many appetizers.  The servings are very generous and because at such a relaxing place with good comfort food, we always leave wondering why we ate so much...and then we do it again the next time!  

                (from early December 2011)  I came to Giusti's for an early dinner after wandering around Locke a little bit with a friend. It was 2 for 1 lobster night, and although I don't eat lobster it was such a good deal that I briefly considered ordering it.  Instead I got the pesto pasta and my friend got the fried chicken. The meals are done family style, which I like: communal bowls of soup, salad, along with bread, a salame plate and antipasti. The minestrone was delicious and the antipasti (chickpeas and kidney beans in herbs and olive oil) was tasty. I could have filled up on the soup and salad and been happy.  The pesto sauce was too finely processed for my liking and the pasta was swimming in it, which wasn't very appealing. Tried a bite of the fried chicken and thought it was pretty good - not too greasy or heavy on the breading. If I go back there I will have a steak or the chicken, as I think I'd enjoy that much more than the pasta.  The ambiance is true classic family owned restaurant where the servers have worked there for over 20 years and the bartender teases the regulars about their wine order. (See my review of the Prospector in Long Beach to find out more about my love of an old school family restaurant.) We were told the building was over 100 years old and had once been a boarding house.  If you love a great lobster deal, head to Giusti's for dinner on a Wednesday night with a friend.  

                Bartenders a 5, food a 3 I have never done the 2-4-1- lobster on wednesdays but I have done the prime rib fridays.  The prime rib is ok.  Not bad.  I do love the salad bowls and clam chowder before dinner.  I almost filled up on those.  The clam chowder is the best thing around.  The salad is good too.  But everything else i have ever had there is average.  I love the bartenders, great people and there is always a great crowd around.  If you are on the delta, come here, its an institution, the experience will wow you more than the food.  

                Very small and quaint local place in Walnut Grove. When you drive up to the restaurant you get the idea that strong wind might push this place into the river but once you step inside and have a couple drinks all your fears go away.   Great place to take clients, friends and family. Be prepared to park on the side of the road or down the hill from the restaurant and make a small hike. The only downside for this place is its proximity to the city.  

                i had a faint memory of this place as a child, i couldnt remember what it was called but i had a picture in my head. The day me and the wife were exploring the delta and i was showing her some places we were suggested here for dinner, as we pulled up i knew i had finally found the place burned in my head. This place is as "delta" as it gets AND THATS A GREAT THING!!!! Th bar is first in the door, great very old pictures of old time celebs signed to the owner, a large array of old trucker hats hanging from the ceiling, and a long bar, friendly bartender with pool table near by. Off to the side and up some steps you get the dining area, accented by old period seating and taxidermy. Daily specials on the board (always amazing) and nice smaller menu, But the food is always excellent, every time. You choose what entree you want, and you automatically get fresh minestrone soup and loaded salad served family style with it, plus great bread with butter. You cant go wrong here  

                I took a drive out to this area with my Dad today.  It was lunch time, I was easily the youngest customer there by 20 years.  But it was cool.  What amazed me was the service, the bartender was super fast.  Faster was the food, I swear it was ready in 4 minutes.  The decor was old and rustic, which I liked.  Don't expect anything fancy, this is the delta, fyi.  I had the lasagna and a side salad with house dressing and a Stella.  This is a different experience, so my 5 star rating is based upon the other restaurants within a 20 mile radius of this place.  The food was good, the service was overly fast.  The decor reminded me of The Warehouse Cafe in Port Costa, super old, locals, dive'ish type decor, jukebox, booze, and food.  

                After seeing an episode of this restaurant on DDD, we decided to give it a try. First, parking is a challenge as this place is located on a small levy road and it was pouring rain. As you enter, you first hit the bar. Cozy looking with what appeared to lots of locals hanging out and everyone seems to know each other.  Food was not as good as Guy made it seem so we will not be back.  

                I defy you to find a better place to have a good, old-fashioned dinner. The prime rib sent me flying, and the minestrone was freshly made and delicious.  

                Went here for a change of pace last weekend. We didn't read the opening hours so arrived at 4 when the dinner doesn't start till 5 but no biggie, got some drinks and hung out. The food is good, not great (i had the veal which was OK but nothing special) the lobster my girlfriend had was pretty good and the steaks the kids had were so so. Having said that its cute little dive bar with the hats on the ceiling, foods pretty good and the service is very good. I would go there again if I happened to be in the neighborhood but wouldn't go there specially for the food. Oh and forget the water it has a very distinct sulfur taste. Sort of like drinking quarry water unfiltered straight from the tap. get the bottled water. Overall good but nothing spectacular.  

