                I'm gonna make you an offer you can't refuse. Go to Godfather's right now and buy a burger.  It will be the best you've ever eaten.  If you don't believe me I'm gonna leave something in your bed... and you won't like it...  

                When my boyfriend and I pulled off the freeway in search of food, we almost didn't stop at Godfather's, because it doesn't look like much. But luckily, we decided to venture inside.  It's a small space, but we were lucky enough to grab the last table. I was seated across from a screen that showed black and white photos of actors. Interesting.  We started with the Godfather's hot wings, which were some of the spiciest, sauciest wings I've ever had. There was too much sauce, which is a shame, because the actual wings themselves were ridiculous delicious.  I got the guacamole burger, $12 worth of delicious, perfectly medium rare beef, covered with guacamole, crispy onion straws, and a mayo spread. It was one of the best burgers I've had in recent memory. That burger was so beautifully cooked that my boyfriend and I stared at it for a little bit.  My boyfriend had the Director's Cut, which came with mushrooms and onion straws, and while it was also delicious, his was overcooked.   I did order onion rings on the side, but I didn't even touch them because I was so enamored with my burger.   Godfather's is worth driving off of the beaten path. So if you're passing through, stop on in. You won't regret it.  

                Let's start this review off right!  Best burgers I have had in my life. Plural because I've been here so many times now!  This is not hyperbole. I literally can't think of any burger I've had that was better. Umami is close, but even still... not that close. I would wager to say that Godfather's has the best burger in the Bay Area.   And the portions here are huge. An amazing bang for your buck and delicious? That's the winningest combination I know. And every burger comes with a delicious side of fries.  I could go on to tell you how the meat is grass-fed or how the buns come from Le Boulanger, but seriously, you just have to go try it for yourself. You will not be disappointed unless you're a bovine. Then you will gently weep at how delicious your brother tastes even after passing through your 3rd stomach.   But then you'll quickly turn to admire the ambiance, which is just fantastic. It's a cozy little restaurant, which is probably the only drawback. I would estimate the place holds somewhere around 50 people when it's completely full, so it can get really busy and backed up on Fridays and Saturdays. But even then it's worth the wait.  Stop reading this and go eat there already!  

                It was a first time I've had pleasure to eat at Godfather's Burger Lounge, and let me tell you, it was simply amazing!  I've ordered Director's Mushroom Burger, and my husband had a vegetarian one. All the ingredients were so fresh, you could feel the crunch of a lettuce and fried onion rings! Pickles weren't overpowering, but balancing the taste, while creamy mushrooms added blissful softness to every bite.   Vegetarian option was also good, featuring a flavorful moist patty, topped with creamy avocado and melted cheese.  Godfather Burger Lounge has an awesome beer selection that perfectly accompanies your burger choice. Overall relaxing atmosphere is adding to an easy playful experience.  Love this place, will be back!  

                Fist visit:  Exceptional food - really enjoyed the burger and the toppings were all exceptionally fresh.  Great place - unique and great atmosphere, plenty of parking.  Highly recomend for burgers. I need to go back and explore more.  

                Small little restaurant but with big meals. I love the pepperoni burger or just a simple cheeseburger with garlic fries. It's always too much to finish so I take half home. Service is great! They are nice and do not rush you. They have a tv but it doesn't play any shows which I think is good so you can talk to your party.  This place is a must try!  

                Update for a visit on Sunday Jan 25, 2015:  5 years! Wow! Still great burgers, fantastic service and all that but the quality is slipping. My burger fell apart (my fault for medium rare, I suppose) and the tables, chairs and menus have absolutely seen better days.  I'm also not a huge fan of the pre-cut frozen fries. Stick with the AMAZING calamari, and don't expect a burger lounge anymore, more like a burger shack.  

                At first glance, I thought this place might be too hip to accommodate children. Dark-colored walls decorated with old-movie posters. They are actually very accommodating for children - kids menu, crayons, coloring paper, and very clean highchairs.   The food is tasty. I had the sliders and it was enough to feed 2 or 3 of me. The portion is just so humongous. The kids menu items are designed for kids from Gigantia. Great value, so I'm not complaining.  

                My wife and I are visiting from Florida and checked Yelp to find a place to eat nearby.  Based on the reviews we went to Godfathers around 230 today very pleasantly surprised when I checked in on Yelp and received a free desert coupon. I had the Director's Cut hamburger with the garlic fries and an order of spicy wings this was split between my wife and I.  Food was excellent and came out quickly but was obviously cooked to order. Waitress was very attentive very nice patient in explaining the menu and made sure to keep the ice tea glass full. If I lived in the area i would eat here a couple of times a week absolutely worth the visit.  

                Next to Barney's Burgers this is my favorite spot.   Love the Turkey Burger and their Godfathers sauce makes it. It's hard to find a good one  and I would give them 8 out of 10.  They always let me substitute carrots for the fries and I'm never charged.   Would definitely recommend it.  

                Solid burgers, sweet potato fries, and appetizers. My room mate and I have been here a number of times and sometimes each get a burger or share the crab cakes and split a burger/fries.  The burger is solid and they offer many flavors/toppings to choose from.  The ambiance here is LA-meets-Hollywood stars. Somewhat trendy and appropriate for a date or night out. Unfortunately, because the space is small, it does get super loud when it's busy.   Make a reservation/call ahead if you're planning to go in at night for dinner - it can get super packed!  

                We came to check out these much touted burgers as recommended by our friend Roger P. (Roger P., <a href="http://islandboy.yelp.com">islandboy.yelp.com</a>, South San Francisco).  I will say this, Roger knows his burgers and these were really delicious!  Our group arrived around 11:30AM this past Saturday and before 12 noon hit, it was filled to capacity with folks waiting!  If you have a group of 6 or more, call ahead and ask them to reserve a table for you.  There were many large groups that wanted seating that day we were there.  The restaurant is on the corner and you will need to walk up a slight incline to reach the main entrance off El Camino.  When you open the doors, there are curtain drapes that are not drawn to the side so you will need to push them aside to enter. Inside (see photos posted by other Yelpers), the ceiling squares are painted a matt red color while the walls are painted a grey black.  Dark curtains obscure your view of the outside so even during the day, natural light does not filter in.   Erica was our main waitress but everyone helps out when bringing the food and drinks as well as fulfilling requests made by customers.  We ordered the following: Calamari, Anka's Angus Sliders and two Godfather's Cheeseburgers.  The calamari was lightly battered and delicious.  Instead of the usual tar tar sauce, they served the calamari with their own Godfather's Sauce (also on the burgers) and the usual red cocktail sauce.  We asked for a lemon wedge as none was provided with the calamari.  My mom and I split the 1/2 pound Godfather's Cheeseburger.  As my mom likes sweet potato fries, for an additional charge of $1.95 she was able to get that with her burger half.  I opted for the regular fries instead.  We requested the burger be made well done as my mom does not like beef with any pink meat at all.  Despite this, the burger was surprisingly juicy (not greasy at all) and flavorful.  Noelle, my daughter ordered the same as my mom and I but chose to have her burger done medium.  It came out as requested.  Noelle enjoyed her burger and this is a burger fan!  From the kids menu, Noelle ordered the grilled cheese sandwich for her son Ian.  Cut in half, Ian ate at least 1/4 of the sandwich with gusto!  Nate, my son in law, ordered the Anka Angus Sliders.  It comes three to a plate with a generous amount of fries.  He said the sliders were all juicy and filling.  Overall, food and service was great!  For me, I'm not a fan of their decor as I like light and bright which you can achieve and still show off your "Godfather" style.  The darkness of the interior and dark drapes were a negative for me.  One star off for the parking issue as it's either the neighborhood or somewhere on El Camino.  The nearest lot to park at is only for those shopping at that center.  

                As a burger lover I had high hopes.  I had previously bookmarked this place and a couple of my Yelper friends scored it a solid 5 stars.  We came today around 12:30pm, the day before Thanksgiving.  Godfather's got a funky fun ambiance feeling.  Feels a bit divy cuz it's a lounge after all. I'm thinking great burgers.  Can't wait to chomp into one.  I ordered a pepper jack cheeseburger, medium, with an order of the garlic truffle oil french fries.  Hubby ordered the cheddar cheeseburger with regular fries, and our daughter ordered the california burger with sweet potato fries.  That way we covered all bases for the fries.  Sure the place was packed, and we waited awhile.  More than I wanted to.  As we are waiting, another couple comes in, and within a few minutes of receiving our burgers, their burgers come to their table.   A few minutes versus our many minutes.  My burger arrived.  It's lukewarm.  My garlic fries were hotter than the burger.  I look over to hubby's burger, and his is dripping burger juice.  And it's steamy.  Mine is not.  My daughter liked her burger.  Her sweet potato fries were wimpy. What I really dislike was the look of the burger patties.  Perfectly round shaped.  I prefer patties that are flattened out.  That way I know it's fresh ground meat patties. Yeah I know.  What about the taste?  Was good.  Tasted grilled.  $63.00 inc tax & tip. Three burgers, two sodas, and one draft beer.  3.5 stars.  Good but not great.  

                This place is A-OK... The burgers are large and meaty, I don't think you will leave disappointed.  It's quite tasty.  Although I do wish they had fresh cucumbers available since I am not a fan of pickles, I won't knock them for it.    We went mid week and the place was packed which is a always a good sign but we got lucky and were seated right away.  We walked in just as a couple walked out...  It did take quite a bit of time for our waitress to come greet us and take our drink order so by the time she made it to our table, we already had looked at the menu and were ready to order our meals.  She was very nice and friendly, took our order and this is where things got a little hum de dum....we waited a super long time unfortunately.  I never ask as a rule when my meal is coming even when it takes awhile but this was a little out of the ordinary.  I just wanted to make sure we weren't over looked.  As soon as we checked in, our burgers came within minutes.    In regards to ambiance, there are two things about this place that didn't feel right for me but they are perhaps the same reasons why people seem to love the place.  The decor was just too dark and claustrophobic.  I was getting a little bit of anxiety sitting and waiting.  Also the noise level is high, so don't go if you want to have a serious or intimate talk...go enjoy the madness, have a good burger then wrap up your chat in the car.  Oh as I'm sure you've figured it out, Yelpers who check in get a free dessert.  Thanks a nice gesture.  

                This place never disappoints! Best sweet potato fries EVER! Had a craving for them today and they taste exactly how they did when I first came here! Great service and the owners made sure everyone was enjoying themselves.  

                Whoa, I did not expect for this place to be so small in space. When I looked at pictures on yelp, wait never mind pictures are always deceiving...  Anyways, Godfather's burger lounge provides a very unique dining experience for burgers. The wait wasn't long for a party of 3 on Saturday and we were seated promptly with great service from the host.   FOOD: We started off with beer battered onion rings which indeed was crispy, flavorful, and damn right oily. Couple it with the godfather sauce and you have flavors singing all over your taste buds. The burgers.... oh man what a wonderful experience with the burgers. I had the Untouchables burger while my friend had the Goodfella. Overall, I liked the Goodfella a lot more because the pepperonis added a unique flavor to the burger. The Untouchables was still good though IMO.  Service: Service was efficient and friendly which complimented our dining experience tremendously. Our server even packed us godfather's sauce togo per request!   Ambiance: Godfather's Burger Lounge has a very relaxed vibe when you're dining. You'll feel as if you're eating at a steakhouse during the night hours (even though the restaurant is super tiny).    Overall: I'd definitely come back if I were in the area for the burgers and the godfather's sauce.  

                The BEST of the best!! Best burger, best atmosphere, best service, best attention to details! Thank you Godfathers for always providing us the BEST dining experience!!!  

                First thing we noticed was that this place was kinda small and thought the wait was gonna be long. Our wait was about 30 mins or less. Loved the decorations they had inside. We started off with the calamari appetizer, and let me just say the godfather sauce is amazing. Also had the godfathers cheeseburger, which was also amazing. Definitely coming back here for that godfather sauce. I noticed that they had the check-in offer, but it was on from mon-thursday, we came in on Friday.  

                Short Version: I had high expectations for this joint, and the service was great, but the food was pretty f***ing disappointing. Since they were so cool, I'm gonna assume this might have been a fluke and give them another shot soon  Extended Version: Calamari ($10.95) - 1 star - Bland calamari w/ pieces of a plastic bag underneath the batter. We let the first one slide, but the second piece of plastic was even bigger, so we sent it back (they were genuinely apologetic and didn't charge us for it). Really? How the f**k does something like this even happen? Does anyone in the kitchen look at the food while they're making it? <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/godfathers-burger-lounge-belmont#7yM6HAOkZmz3zj49dkAMag">yelp.com/biz_photos/godf…</a> <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/godfathers-burger-lounge-belmont#2XjGhxE5tKmlmilNst7Csg">yelp.com/biz_photos/godf…</a>  Chicken Crisps ($7.95) - 3 stars - Tasted decent, but nothing special <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/godfathers-burger-lounge-belmont#AJfLT0QgkQnhUKwBZJZbEw">yelp.com/biz_photos/godf…</a>  Godfather's Cheeseburger w/ French Fries ($10.95) - 2 stars (burger), 3 stars (fries) - For a "burger lounge", this below average burger was pretty embarrassing. It's not that the burger wasn't put together well, it was that it just didn't taste good (and by "it", I'm mostly talking about the meat). Like I said up top though, I'm gonna assume this was a fluke and will probably come back to give their burgers another shot <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/godfathers-burger-lounge-belmont#I6bVJrGojX-l-6VRQQwHmA">yelp.com/biz_photos/godf…</a> <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/godfathers-burger-lounge-belmont#F5mGKr_nPr7UeBADN3e4IQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/godf…</a>  Misc. - The dog friendly tables outside aren't "tiny" like some older reviews said. They're actually a decent size and have heating lamps above them. They are on a slant though - Service is very cool and nice enough to bring out a bowl of water for our pup <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/godfathers-burger-lounge-belmont#Bl4Kf7vRYxEjZgNcVkwDaA">yelp.com/biz_photos/godf…</a>  

                This has to be the best burger place I have been to in a long time. The ground beef is grass fed and tastes like pressed heaven. They also have scotch beer to accompany the mountains of meat they call burgers. I highly recommend this establishment. For a point of reference please read below:  I had the following, DIRECTOR'S CUT MUSHROOM BURGER  Fire grilled Angus burger topped with sautéed  mushrooms and homemade crispy onion straws.  Served with Godfathers sauce. $10.95 To drink I enjoyed a few pints of Devil's Canyon ~ Scotch ale,  and my wife had an Arnold Palmer   My wife had the following, GUACAMOLE BURGER Fire grilled Angus burger layered with guacamole,  crispy onion straws and mayo spread. $10.95  and my son had what follows,  KIDS ANGUS SLIDERS- likewise impressive.  

                The hubby and I have been on a bit of a Gourmet Burger Quest in the Bay Area.  When posting a question on one of the Yelp Talk boards about suggestion on Burger places, I received quite a few responses that Godfather's was a MUST try.  Living in Campbell, driving to Belmont for a burger was a stretch but Saturday the Hubs and I made the trek and boy it was worth it.  Cute little joint on the corner of El Camino and Harbor Blvd. kinda in the middle of nowhere. Parking is basically on the street in the surrounding residential neighborhood.  Cute neighborhood by the way!  Anyway, it was about 1:00pm on Sunday so I expected a little bit of a wait but we were seated right away. We were greeted by a very nice man as we walked through the black velvet drapes at the door.  The decor is very "Movie Theater" with black and red tones throughout.  The restaurant is very small but they squeeze plenty of tables and booths in there and several stools at the bar.  We sat at a two top which we both felt was a tad small but we made it work.   There is movie memorabilia on the walls and two fake fireplaces at the reception area which I thought was very odd to have two on top of each other. Hmmm anyway, it was a tight fit but comfortable.  I like the overall theme but I didn't care for the background music at all.  It's was strange but that's just me. There were quite a few guests eating and we noticed they were all walks of life.  There was an older party of 4 drinking wine and enjoying burgers and a group of 10 who just came from what looked like a child's soft ball game.  Absolutely a local hangout.  Service was incredible! There were two guys working the floor and they were hustling as fast as they could and getting food out fast, busing table and making their guests feel welcomed. I have to admit, their rushing around actually made me feel rushed too a little.  We were in an out in a little over 30 minutes.  Well let's get to the good stuff.  The hubs and I split a salad and a burger and we had two beverages.  Mint Lemonade - light, refreshing and not to sweet.  Unlimited refills  Arnold Palmer - Hubs said it was excellent!  Wedge Salad - fresh, crisp, perfectly dressed and the tomatoes and onion were on the side.  Director's Cut Burger - Juicy, flavorful, bun didn't get soggy, mushrooms were perfectly cooked and the onion strings were crisp and yummy.  The edges of the burger where slightly charred just like I like it and the burger over all was a good size so it made sharing very satisfying. The Hubs said this is his pick for Best Burger so far!  I'm not sure if we'd drive all the way back any time soon but the Hubs took a few menus home to share with his buddies. That tells you he really liked this place.  I'll have to come back to try another burger and next time I want a milkshake for sure!  

                Still the best burger place I've found mid peninsula. Burgers are absolutely massive yet tasty. Very cozy ambiance. The fries with sauteed onions are especially yummy. If you want a burger with a kick, The Untouchables is the one for you.  

                Very small portions, they taste good tho.  The burgers are pretty delicious .   I wanted to feel like scarface but it was more like Al Capone which ain't bad .  They got some great sauces they put on the food. I don't remember much about the service but I know the atmosphere is chill and cozy. I like the chill vibe. Its easy to find parking.  

                The place has a cool Hollywood vibe. There are a variety of burgers to choose from. I enjoyed a classic cheese burger with onion rings (upgrade from fries). The burger and onion rings were good. Service was good once the waitress stopped by to get our drink order and then we ordered drinks and food. The place filled up pretty quickly while we were there.  

                I get to see a lot of restaurants in my line of work. Probably about 20+ per day. Godfather's Burger Lounge is one that stuck out to me. So much so that I wrote it down and went back to eat there. My favorite part is the ambience. Very chill, relaxing spot. The food tasted good and had an artistic unique feel as well. I would go back!  

                Godfather's dishes out a solid burger with tasty ingredients. There are plenty of options to choose from, so you'll be sure to find a burger that you like.  I ordered the untouchable, which had garlic roasted bell peppers and pickled jalapeños. The jalapeños gave it a nice crunch and a slight kick. It was flavorful, spicy, and oh-so-juicy. The bf got the pepperoni burger, which looked amazing. We both got garlic truffle fries as our side - such a generous portion too. They were a little too garlicky, but I still enjoyed them nonetheless.   The owner was very accommodating when I requested to wait for a table near the window. The service was excellent, and our server even brought us sauces without us having to ask. The homey atmosphere and relaxing vibe made the whole establishment feel very laid-back and comfortable.  

                Came here during lunch hour and it was definitely worth it. Come around 1130-1145 to avoid the lunch rush.   Before you come here, you should either A) Have a light breakfast or B) Not eat a breakfast at all cause their burgers are FILL-ING!   I ordered the "Untouchables' Burger" which came with pickled jalapenos, garlic roasted bell peppers, bacon, pepper jack cheese with a chipotle aioli medium well. The pickled jalapeno brings a nice tangy spice to the burger and it was juicy with every bite. The chipotle aioli also adds a smokier spice to the burger.  My fiance ordered the philly cheese steak  which had mushrooms, bell peppers, onions, cheddar cheese and bbq sauce. It was definitely different to have a philly with bbq sauce and I liked it! The mushrooms were cooked perfectly so were still plump and juicy.   We also had the garlic truffle fires and those were a definite hit! You could taste the truffle still with the strong flavor of the garlic. I'd just not talk too close to anyone after eating them.   The decor' of Godfather's was also fun doing a spin off of old hollywood with having a red velvet curtained entrance. It made you feel like you were going into a secret night club. They had black leather booths and black chairs along with pictures of actors and actresses both old and new.   Overall it was a good experience. Our waitress was always attentive and took good care of us. We left very full and satisfied. Would definitely go back again to try their other gourmet burgers if I'm around.  

                Burgers are very hard to find and this place is definitely on my burger list! I came here to celebrate my coworker's birthday. Plus for being so close to my work :)  They have a simple menu which limited burgers and sides. Their pre-made burgers may be overwhelming to read. Even their names are handful. But they are always open to customizing your own burger if that fancies you. I was feeling adventurous and wanted to try something new. I decided to try their "Untouchable" burger. It was on the spicy side with jalapenos and spicy bell peppers. In addition to whatever else deliciousness they put in my burger, I also asked for an egg. Burgers come with fries with an option to upgrade to garlic fries for an additional $2.99. Of course I upgrade to the garlic fries (my weakness).   My burger comes and it is HUGE. HUGE. As I stacked my burgers together, it was probably a good 5 in high. The biggest mistake on their part was the big chunk of lettuce they use. It literally gave it a 2 1/2 in. All in all, I had to eat it in quarters. The burger was very tasty and the bun (wheat) made a big difference. Garlic fries on the other hand was a BIG disappoint. Basically just regular fries with chopped up RAW garlic sprinkled on top. It was so raw that it was just way too spicy. I'm sorry but worse garlic fries ever.   At the end, we got 3 desserts. 1 for being my coworker's birthday and 2 other for yelp check ins. The ice cream were pretty bomb. It was a good dessert after that savory burger. Probably will come here again.  ***Space is limited, try to come early or late lunch.  

                The fact that they were closed was understandable. The fact that their website stated that they were opening at noon, and I was told they would be opening at noon on New Years Day, when in actuality, they are opening at 4pm was unacceptable. Of course, I learned this after making the 30 minute drive to get there by reading a sign in the window.   Also, the lack of vegetarian options beyond a portobello mushroom burger makes it passé to eat there with friends.  

                Burger heaven.  The best tasting burgers in the bay area IMHO but they are a little pricey.  Have been here over a dozen times and love many of the burgers on the menu--even the grilled chicken rocks.  My fave is probably the Untouchable's burger but there are several great choices that are always perfectly grilled.  And what makes this extra good is that the sweet potato fries are wonderful (I think they add a little sugar which works great), they serve one of my favorite beers (the Devils Canyon Brewery Full Boar Scotch Ale), and the owners (brothers) are very welcoming/hospitable.  This place is deservedly busy most nights which is not a big deal if you make a reservation.  

                Great Patty, perfectly cooked Beef freshly ground. Nice Bun. Garlic Truffle Fries, lots of raw Garlic that overpowers the Truffle Oil (hard to tell its there at all). Mushrooms seemed to be Canned or Boiled, either way not good. Good Calamari appetizer. Great service, good Beer.  

                Flat out the best Burger in the Belmont area...YUMMY!!!!!  

                The place is really awesome. You can literally feel the cinema :) The food is also good, the prices are kinda cheap and it's easy to park.  

                We had not been to Godfathers Burger Lounge in a few months but stopped by yesterday for lunch.  While it was busy and the staff was working hard to cover all the tables we were once again very happy with the service and food.  The staff are upbeat and stop by the table often, there was a full house but the noise level was not overwhelming and it was easy for my colleague and I to carry on a conversation. I had Chicken Burger again and it was great, my colleague had The Director's Cut.  They are big burgers and we nearly didn't finish them.  Looking forward to our next visit again soon.  

                I've visited Godfather's a couple of times during lunch at work.  Their burgers are really good.  I've tried the Director's Cut Mushroom Burger as well as the Godfather's Cheeseburger.  The meat is flavorful and the fillings (tomato, lettuce, onions) plentiful and fresh.  These burgers are huge.  You will be full and feel accomplished after one.  Their garlic truffle fries are perfectly crisp and their iced tea is refreshing.  Try to come early as it does get pretty crowded at lunch time.  Godfather's has acoomplished being themed restaurant without being too tacky.  

                Second time here and it was great! I went with my friend for a late dinner. They had Lagunitas IPA on TAP (YESSSSS) and I got the chicken burger. They were great with my order and it tasted great!  The onion crisps were a little undercooked, but other than that it was delicious and the garlic fries are very garlicky (ye be warned). We sat outside and were immediately asked if we wanted the heater on.  The service is always so great here and the food as well!  

                Food is always great, service too. We go there a lot. I always get the chicken crisps cause I love the two sauces it comes with. My husband always gets the buffalo wings and a side of sweet potato fries.  Go early in the evening cause it can get busy and it is a small place. We sometimes take our kids there and they are always happy with their meals. Owners are very attentive and we love Erica the server, she is always super sweet and friendly.  

                I am in love!!!! The burgers are so good and fresh. Nice atmosphere!!!!! Best burger spot so far  

                Yummmm! First timers and the burger was delicious! The garlic truffle fries were good too! Loooove the ambiance here. Super cool. Feels like you're in an Italian mobster movie set! Hence the name of this place. Lol.  

                Restaurant website hours listed this as opening at 12 on new years day. When we arrived, the sign in the window said 4 p.m. My disappointment can not be overstated. I was told this was a fantastic place to get a burger. When I called the previous day I was told the establishment would open at 12.   I will not be returning as the disinformation has turned me off on attempting to eat here in the future.  

