                Small, quaint restaurant. Reminds me of a cafe you would find on the street in Europe.   First time here for breakfast and I ordered the Butternut squash quiche. THE QUICHE WAS LIFECHANGING! well seasoned, not overcooked.  Definitely coming back!  

                I'll admit that I'm one of those people who only goes to Gregoire to get the potato puffs in their iconic hexagonal boxes. Sometimes I feel like I'm doing a disservice to this place because of that, since they do actually have lunch and dinner menus that I've never tried. Some day, I promise.  The potato puffs.. when you have over a thousand people praising a place specifically for its potato puffs, you know you have something special. They give you the option adding some toppings or flavors for a little extra charge, but personally I just go for the original. The dip it comes with goes great with it.  There are a few tables in front but often they're filled up with people waiting for their orders rather than people dining. This place is meant to be a takeout place anyway.  A great afternoon in Berkeley would consist of a cup of coffee from Philz, a few slices from Cheeseboard as you eat outside while listening to the live music, a cupcake from Love at First Bite in Gourmet Ghetto, and a box of potato puffs from Gregoire. And they're all within a few blocks of each other, isn't that convenient?  

                What's truly amazing about Gregoire it is that the restaurant creates gourmet street food out of this tiny little hut!  A very nice looking hut (of course), but nonetheless, very small. This place is great for a day of casual strolling around beautiful north Berkeley.  They have few seating outside and a small patio where you can sit, but other than that, this place is mainly for quick dining or takeout.   Things that we got:   1. Potato Puffs (duh): Gregoire's most popular and infamous dish - the potato puffs that are fried and served with a dipping sauce.  Our sauce had truffle oil and garlic in it...yum!  The potato puffs are extremely heavy because they're more like fried mashed potatoes.  They're still very good - just heavy!   2.  The grilled vegetable and hummus wrap: Very delicious! Cooked well and the pita bread on the outside was grilled well and accompanied the veggies well.   3.  Soup: we had a vegetable potato blend soup.  So good! Wish I could've gobbled that whole thing up in one bite.  

                Crispy... Potato... Puffs... literally a couple bites and I became a fan. This is the stuff of dreams, these amazing warm magical puffs! Carb-a-licious...  This place is tiny but you can place your orders prior for pick up. :)  Coming back for them puffs...  

                Potato puffs. The warm, fluffy, crispy ball of carby goodness. Done deal.   Whenever I'm in the area, Gregoire's is a must visit for me! From its potato puffs to its garlic fries, all their carbs are soooo good. The potato puffs are basically a deep fried ball of mashed potatoes. So yes, it is that amazing. I personally like their garlic fries more due to the flavor, but my order was extremely oily, maybe it was just a bad fluke? Anyway, this only means one thing left for me to do; it's to try their potato puffs with garlic!   Now, the sandwiches are a pretty decent size. Half a sandwich and some puffs is good enough to fill me up. I've had a few of their sandwiches, but have yet to find my favorite. Their classic Fried Chicken Sandwich is a must try! Everything from the bun to the spicy slaw is perfect. Not too spicy, not too dry, but absolutely delicious!   I also had their Mix Arugula and Frisée Salad with Truffle Parmesan Cheese ($6.25) with Cold Baked Bay Scallops (+$3). Though it was delicious, the serving size was really small :(. I mean, adding another handful of arugula wouldn't be that hard right? Other than that, the croutons were also really flavorful, crunchy and mixed well with the salad, I wish I asked for more!   P.S Don't be fooled by the seating area! There are two more picnic tables next to Gregoire's in-front of the blue apartment.   Also, call in beforehand to place your order, you would be so grateful you did. This is a good tip even if you're eating there!  

                We came here in 2011 and most recently over new year's holiday 2015! Surprisingly, the store was open and serving up yummy Potato crisp balls! We ordered some and got the garlicky version. It was good, but so much starch! haha  My husband also ordered the soup of the day. This place has some interesting foods, last time -- we ordered chittlerlings. I don't think they have that on the menu anymore, but how interesting right?! :) Check it out sometime...  

                Pretty stoked on those potato puffs - not so much of their two tables worth of seating and quite possibly no parking.  But hey when I crave, I crave hard and those potato puffs my friends... I be craving hard. I haven't tried anything else on their menu... which I know is lacking on experience to give a full review but my appreciation for these deep fried thingies is enough for me to park five blocks away just to get these little guys.  

                I stopped by Grégoire during their breakfast hours. I heard they were open for breakfast recently. I was hoping their famous potato puffs were part of the breakfast menu yet alas only for lunch and dinner. C'est la vie.  However, all was not lost as I got the last of the two petit croissants. It was part of a three pastry trio with a raisin scone. Unfortunately, I am not a raisin person. Now if it was a petit pain du chocolat, I would definitely would have said for sure, "Sold!" And it was put in the cutest packaging ever--a hexagon box with black and white checked paper. I hope to get lucky when the pastries are two petit croissants and a petit pain du chocolat.  Oh well, next time I will have to stop by for lunch to get the famous Grégoire potato puffs. I hope to be lucky enough to get them when it is not too crowded and/or lucky enough to get them when I have the place to myself. Bon appetit!  SYOY!  

                Ah, the famous Gregoire! I finally came and tried it!  Came here on a nice sunny day--maybe a bit too sunny and too hot for Berkeley's standard, ordered a fried chicken sandwich and must-have potato puffs. Since it was too hot, we took our cute togo boxes and found a bench outside one of the churches nearby.   (note: the single bench can comfortably fit 2 people and enjoy a picnic lunch with Gregoire food, but harder to fit more)  The sandwich was big, the other half became my lunch the next day. It was delicious! The spicy slaw wasn't spicy at all. At first bite of the potato puffs, though, I wasn't that impress--at least not like other reviews raving how divine they are. It was interesting, but I focus on my sandwich more.  HOWEVER, interesting thing happened the next day. Since I didn't finish my sandwich, and still have over half of the potato puffs leftover (again, wasn't too impressed by it the day before), I decided to heat these things for my lunch.  Random drum roll--the potato puffs tastes divine!? Better than the day before!? How? I am not so sure, but I had my mouth stuffed with all the potato puffs few seconds later.   I wouldn't go to Berkeley just for Gregoire, consider the wait was pretty long, but the food is good. BTW, since the wait is long, you can actually wait for one of the tables outside because people will finish eating then.  

                Gregoire is amazing and will always hold a dear place in my heart. It introduces a new concept of casual French dining to the Berkeley culinary scene. While Gregoire specializes in sandwiches during lunch, their dinner is also quite delicious albeit a little more pricey for undergraduate.   Don't overlook a Gregoire's sandwich. They are beautifully crafted, local, fresh and packed with flavor. I appreciate their concentration on bringing out the best flavors out of local and seasonal ingredients, which is why their menu rotates every month. Some of my favorites have been their seafood sandwiches like baked shrimp with avocado, house-smoked gravlax (smoked salmon) with capers on a bed of arugula and toasted banquette. Sure, it sounds simple and might not induce salivation, but the first bite into that sandwich speaks for itself. On top of your lunch box, it's always nice to bring a small group of friends to share a box of potato puff sides. These little morsels of fried potato mash is sure to warm anyone's heart and soul, on a cold fall/winter day.   If you're a student at Cal, and haven't visited Gregoire or the Gourmet Ghetto, make sure you take an afternoon to walk here. It's a whole another culinary scene and environment that downtown and South Berkeley. I almost always find myself making a stop at Gregoire whenever I am in Berkeley. It brings so many good memories of students and families, huddled in the cold, waiting to order or to receive their checked brown take out boxes. So YUM! Definitely give it try!  

                Unlike many of my fellow yelpers, I've been consistently unimpressed by Gregoire. The quality of the food doesn't warrant the long trip and the high prices for me.  At first I though I was just unlucky, but I've been here so many times that I'm convinced it's the food itself.  A Gregoire Yelp review would be incomplete without talking about the potato puffs.  As a brief scan of the reviews will show, people are willing to come far and wide for these little things.  That is why I was so surprised by how bland they are.  Without the sauce they are little more than hush puppies, which you can get at any number of seafood restaurants (and for cheaper).  However, the sauce is tasty, and if I happen to be in the area I don't mind picking some puffs up for my friends.  The rest of the food, that I've tried is pretty good.  The flat iron steak was satisfying, and more recently, the fried chicken sandwich was downright tasty.  However, for the price tag that they carry, the portion and the quality doesn't live up.  Now I'm no stranger to European fare, I've travelled across Europe a number of times with my family and grew up in Spain.  That being said, I don't believe that the food at Gregoire lives up to its French bistro promises.  The final nail in the Gregoire coffin is that there is virtually no seating, save for two picnic tables outside.  So if it's raining or cold outside you're out of luck.  I may be alone in this, but I find Gregoire to be an overhyped and overpriced eatery that is still resting on the laurels of its proposed "authentic" French dishes.  While it is certainly not bad, it is also certainly not the best.  While I'll never be one to deny a potato puff (I have to admit they make an amazing snack) I'll also never be one to go far out my way to buy them.  If you're hungry for some French eats, make the trip into SF, you won't be sorry!  Til next time, keep eating keep learning (the student foodie)  

                A French-inspired fast casual take out restaurant? Sign me up for more Gregoire's opening in the Bay Area one day soon. When I first went to one I was a little intimated because this was not your daddy's Panera Bread. I have to admit that it is a bit intimidating ordering at Gregoire's because their menu is so expansive and it changes from week to week and their dinners are so different from say their lunches. You think you're going in for a quick snack but alas you can only come for a hearty meal. Served in to-go boxes of course.  How can you not try the freaking potato puffs? I mean it's a freaking deep fried potato ball! And it's a ball of goodness, crispy on the outside, and warm and soft on the inside. Served with a side of aioli, always delicious, never disappoints. What's not to love? And their sandwiches are so artfully crafted I'd put them up on Pintrest as a work of art, if I remembered to.    Fair warning! Once you order your meal it takes awhile to prepare, but it's worth the wait. I suggest you bring a magazine or book if you're solo. And when it's busy forget about it, I suggest you go during down time like 3-5pm. But I know I will return to Gregoire in the future, just to sample more of the goods and to see what their chefs create. That's the kind of places you want to go to where the chefs create a culinary artisanal pieces that come across as works of art, in cardboard to-go boxes of course!  

                Right on northwest side of Berkeley campus, this is popular spot for students. If you're feeling somewhat classy and wanna get something different from the usual greasy Bear's Lair or whatever, this is a nice change of scenery.   The menu changes all the time but a mainstay is their potato puffs, which is what they're famous for. Light, fluffy, piping hot, and comes with delicious ranch to dip in. Perfect serving size for appetizers for a couple friends. The entree I got was something with beef, nothing too memorable.   It's very tiny and can get a bit cramped when you're ordering, so if there's a crowd of 5 or more, it gets uncomfortable. There weren't a lot of seats but if you manage to snag one of the outside tables (there's only 2 or so), consider yourself lucky!  They got some pretty interesting local organic sodas and drinks, so try them out if you're feeling adventurous/hipster.  It's a little bit expensive due to the gourmet nature of it all, but nothing ridiculous. Definitely recommend.  

                Nice little French kitchen near Shattuck ave on Cedar in Berkeley. I like the idea of cooking high quality casual eats with no indoor seating. It helps keep prices low with the main focus on food. Deep fried clam patty was a solid choice. The bun was toasted, the patty was of a right doneness and good amount. Will return.  

                I tried Gregory's for the first time ten days ago. My friend and I ordered takeout for lunch and split both a Fried buttermilk chicken filet with spicy cole slaw on French roll ($9.50) and an order of Crispy potato puffs ($5.50).  This combo was recommended to me as the first menu items I should try and I was not disappointed. The food was yummy and if we had not split order, it would have been too much for one of us.   I gave Gregoire a four instead of a five because prices were a kind of high for what you get.  That is, our order was basically a sandwich with fries but had a $15 price tag. Also parking was challenging.  At lunch this part of Berkeley has very limited street parking and the grocery store lot nearby has its employees watching for illegal parkers.  

                Been back a few times now and have had much better experiences. The potato puffs are undoubtedly awesome. The dinner menu is a little expensive for what it is but for lunch it's a great option.  

                Gregoire is one of my favorite lunch places in Berkeley - they serve innovative, yummy sandwiches and always have a rotating menu to keep things fresh. I don't think I've ever had a bad sandwich from them, although I've had many, many good ones.  Some of my favorites:  1. Scallops sandwich with taro chips - so delicious. The scallops were so tender and bouncy while the taro chips really added an interesting taste because they offered an interesting crunch. Love getting this sandwich whenever its on the menu  2. Lamb on ciabatta - you cannot go wrong with this combination. You just can't. It's delicious every single time.  3. Potato Gratin - usually I am not a fan of anything too cheesy but their gratin is so addictive. I just kept nibbling at it and then half an hour later I look down and it's all gone. It is so good, creamy, flavorful but light.  4. House smoked salmon sandwich - I have only seen this on the menu once but holy crap was it good. SO GOOD. If you see it don't let it get away.  Two things I don't recommend:  1. Eating that weird couscous salad that comes as a side 2. The buttermilk chicken sandwich. It always sounds so good on the menu, but the chicken is a little dry and it just isn't that special. You could one hundred percent get a better chicken sandwich elsewhere and why even do it here when you have so many others to choose from  The lines can be long so you can either call in, or put in an order then walk over to Cheeseboard or Trader Joe's for a little snack before you pick up your sandwiches. They are perfect for picnics. I would recommend Tilden Park or the Marina.  

                Cal undergrad graduation weekend meant a huuuuuuuge line at my first choice for lunch, The Cheese Board Pizza. I've always wanted to try the crispy potato puffs at Gregoire and it's right around the corner!  Gregoire is a TINY bistro serving delicious French food at low-brow prices. Lunch is the best deal with sandwiches priced under $10. According to their website, "everything on the menu is meticulously prepared from scratch and cooked to order using the best natural, organic and imported ingredients from around the world". Compared to sandwiches I've had lately, sandwiches at Gregoire costs slightly more than Boudin Bakery and Le Boulanger but cheaper than Ike's and The Sandwich Spot. The food comes in these cute octagonal cardboard containers. We saved all four of ours for repurposing. (We're in the Bay Area, after all!)  Crispy potato puffs ($5.25) - overhyped fried potato-based balls. Based on their name, I hoped they would be similar to Jamber's Mashed Potater Tots, which are deep-fried heavenly balls of herbed fluffy mashed potatoes. I was hungry, the potato puffs were fresh, but the result was a disappointing let-down, far from spectacular. It might be worth ordering just once to experience what some others are so excited about, but I'm doubtful I'll ever order them again. If you are on a budget, fiscally or nutritionally, don't bother wasting your cash or calories on these fried potato puffs. We split one order amongst three people, and barely finished them because none of us were fans.    The lunchtime sandwich menu was fantastic. We ordered the deep fried clam patty sandwich, smoked shrimp ceviche sandwich and the fried buttermilk chicken filet sandwich.   Deep fried clam patty with marinated tomato, roasted garlic and mixed baby greens on locally and artisan-baked Semifreddi's pantofolina roll ($8.85). So.Good. With a name like "clam patty", I wasn't sure what to expect, especially since most reviewers mention the crispy potato puffs and fried chicken sandwich. The clam patty sandwich was totes amaze. Flavorful marinated tomato and roasted garlic makes this sandwich a standout. It was my first time eating pantofolina, and the classic round sweet sandwich roll was pretty awesome.  Smoked shrimp ceviche with avocado & jicama on pantofolina ($8.85). The smoke flavor was not noticeable, which is better than too noticeable. The shrimp was fresh and succulent. The diced crunchy jicama was coated in a lovely bright green avocado sauce. Very refreshing and yummy!   Fried buttermilk chicken filet with spicy coleslaw on a French roll ($8.85). This was the sandwich I originally planned on ordering for myself, but didn't so that we could sample three different sandwiches. I'm so glad because the fried buttermilk chicken sandwich was the least of my favorites. The coating was not very crunchy nor flavorful. The chicken was not juicy nor tender. The coleslaw was super creamy, but they forgot to add a kick of spiciness. An acidic splash of vinegar or lemon (or Sriracha) would have given it a nice kick. Overall, a boring sandwich. If you want a killer fried buttermilk chicken sandwich, check out South Bay gourmet food truck Eat on Monday's version - the Ultimate Fried Chicken sandwich which includes thick-sliced maple bacon on a locally baked Acme roll for $9.00 out of pocket.  

                One of the most amazing takeout place in Berkeley. I've yet to be disappointed each time I've gotten something from here. It's very satisfying no matter what I've tried. The pulled pork sandwich was juicy and tender. My friend had the smoked salmon which had very crisp pastry. All in all a place for a quick meal. A little pricier but way better quality food. The menu changes regularly.  

                Gregoire is a tiny shop that serves up food that's big on flavor.  During my last visit, I chose the classic fried chicken sandwich.  The bread was warm and had just the right amount of crunch.  The coleslaw wasn't drenched in mayo and complemented the fried chicken really well.  As for the fried chicken itself, it wasn't overly cooked which helped retain its juiciness.  One of the problems I find with fried chicken sandwiches is excessive breading that has been overcooked.  Gregoire's sandwich did not suffer from this ailment.   As for the potato balls, it was a bit underwhelming.  I'm not sure if it was an off day or what but it didn't really live up to my expectations.  The sauce I received was a little sour.  Maybe it's an acquired taste?  I'm not sure.  I've read that the sauces are rotated, so maybe it'll be different the next time I go.  Despite going on a Sunday afternoon, the wait for food wasn't too bad - perhaps 15 minutes or so.   They keep the line moving quickly.    I will definitely return.  

                Celebrating my recently earned dukedom!  This is one of the top food places in Berkeley. Their menu changes every month and all of their items are consistently delicious.  They often have some unique combos for their lunch sandwiches, like their scallop ceviche sandwich. Some other great sandwiches I've had are the fried oyster, pork belly, and fried chicken sandwiches.  Their dinner options are a bit pricier but every bit as delicious. They consistently have great quality ingredients and spot on preparation across the board. The most expensive thing I ever ordered here was their lamb chops. They were incredible but $20 for 3 lamb chops isn't quite worth it in my book.  One menu item they have year round is the potato puffs. You won't want to have potatoes any other way after having these. They're a perfectly golden and crispy in the outside, and soft and fluffy on the inside. You'll probably want to split a serving with a friend or two along with your entree since they are pretty filling. The last time I had a sandwich and a full serving of potato puffs by myself I ended up hating myself afterwards.  Gregoire easily makes my list of top three food places in Berkeley. Definitely try it out if you haven't yet.  

                I first went to Gregorie with a friend a few weeks ago during lunchtime on a weekday and they told us that an order of potato puffs would take over half an hour because they were too busy trying to fill another order. There was nobody else in line or even eating outside too. We had other things to do so we left disappointed.  A few days ago we went back during the weekend to try to get a taste of the famous potato puffs and we were super disappointed. The "puffs" weren't light and fluffy but extremely dense and heavy. They're also $6 for an order of around 8 which is kind of expensive. They're extremely bland and the sauce is some kind of balsamic vinegar cream sauce which I didn't care much for either. I really liked the crunch of the outside but could live without the sticky bland inside. I don't think I'll be ordering them the next time I come here.  

                Ahh, Gregoire's. Always such a treat. The menu is always changing so there's no point in posting about specifics, but one thing you should always get are the mashed potato balls. ALWAYS. Eat them as soon as they are ready, when they are piping hot. If you wait until you get home, the closed box will hold in the steam and it will make the balls soggy and no longer crispy, and you will be disappointed. There are 9 so 2 people can split them.  You should come here when it's warm, because it's going to be kind of miserable here if it's cold outside. Two reasons:  - a) you can't expect to eat here because there is no indoor seating. The only seating is one single picnic table right outside the restaurant. Although recently I saw that the neighboring house allowed a couple more picnic tables in their driveway. But still, if it's cold outside, you're not going to want to eat here.  - b) Unless you want your hair and clothes to smell like a kitchen until the next time you wash yourself and every article of clothing you wore, you should step outside right after you finish ordering. If it's cold outside, the wait is going to suck.  So unless you have somewhere you plan to eat the food afterwards (it is served in fancy take-out boxes, after all), and a car to wait in while the food is being cooked, brace yourselves. The utensils are really cool - they are plastic but look like fancy silverware because they're dark shiny gray.    Every food item I've ever had here is usually fantastic. You can check the menu online beforehand before you go, to make sure there's something you like!  

                Order: fried chicken sandwich and goat cheese with turkey sandwich.  The sandwiches come each in its own cute box. Sandwiches come with a small pearl cous cous salad that wasn't all that good. The fried chicken sandwich was juicy, tasty, and had a nice slaw with it. Wish it had a bit of heat, like siracha mayo.   The goat cheese and turkey sandwich had too much cranberry sauce and the goat cheese was overwhelming. It was like they bought costco goat cheese, spread a thick layer on, but some turkey slices, and spread a thicker layer of cranberry sauce that they may have made. I wouldn't order that sandwich again.   I saw them making fried balls of mash potatos. I should have ordered some when I went, but I was trying to be good and held back. Next time, though.  

                I've been eating here since they opened, and I've had wonderful meals here. But lately the service has been so rude, both at the counter and over the phone. This has not been my experience until lately when a new guy has been taking the orders. I see that another recent reviewer has also had the same experience.  Come on Gregoire, get it together! I realize you're insanely popular now and you're not hurting of business, but it's still disappointing to have such an inhospitable experience. If this guy doesn't want to be serving customers, get him to do something else and find someone who will be at least pleasant to people.  

                You can't really go wrong with Gregoire. It's simple and down-to-earth food made with fresh ingredients. The only problem I had with the potato puffs the second time around was that they had a slight stale oil smell that distracted from the creaminess of the mashed potatoes.  I think they might have to change their oil more often.  

                This place always amazes me. The menu changes with the season so there is always variety. I tried the lamb with roasted pepper stew sandwich. My friend had the ceviche sandwich and that was wonderful as well, made a good cold sandwich.   Also you cannot go to Gregoire's and not have their potato puffs. They literally melt in your mouth!  

                Good take-out French boutique.  You will see quite a bit of different reviews about this place, but the best meals here are generally with some type of pork (e.g., their pork patty), briskets (or any other type of braised meats), and fried meats.  The fried parm-potatoes here are so fantastic.  They are essentially little balls of mashed potato goodness, lightly fried, so that you get a good contrast between the crunchy outside and the yummy mish mash inside.  Every one of you sandwiches should come with an order of this to share.    Great place to grab a quick doggie bag for a picnic somewhere with a nice green field.  

                Did I miss the memo?   I don't see the hype =( we ordered the potato puffs, grilled chicken pesto wrap, and braised lamb sandwich.  As others have mentioned, suppeeerrr small place. Mainly meant for take out. Luckily we were able to score a table outside to eat.   It took a bit to get our food, but mainly because they had a lot of take out orders ahead of us.   I found the potato puffs to be fine, but a bit bland. Even the dipping sauce. The wrap was ok. I didn't try the lamb sandwich but my friend said it was fine. Maybe we ordered the wrong things?   I think the price is a bit steep for what you get though. If I'm paying $10 for a sandwich, I want an epic sandwich. Not just a ehh one.   Service was friendly.  

                Whenever I am in the area, I always stop by and pick myself up an order of potato puffs. One thing being one of the older folks in my group of friends (still only 21 though), I tried many different places. But this is one of the places I enjoy bringing people to. I mean who doesn't love potato puffs?   For the amount of times, I've been here, I never tried anything besides their potato puffs. I should try other things on their menu.  

                I go here for lunch when I can. The employees will remember your name if you go back often enough.   The food is fantastic! Great flavors come out of this restaurant. I have heard the breakfast is great too but I haven't been there in the morning to try it yet. The worst part about this place is the seating. They make it to go so you don't have to worry about that part but don't plan on sitting there and eating unless you get lucky. I want to try everything on the menu!  

                This place is actually a lot smaller than I had imagined. This place also has mainly outdoor seating. Definitely not a bad thing, but should just keep this in mind when deciding where to eat when the weather isn't so pleasant. I really like their outside patio. It definitely makes for a cute lunch with that special someone.   Let's be real though. We all know that everyone comes here mainly for the potato puffs. Mmm I love the idea of fried potato balls! Upon taking my first bite, the potato puffs were nice and crispy. I was kinda expecting more from the mashed potato filling though. Then again, I'm so used to adding lots of garlic and seasoning to my mashed potaters that it made these taste a little bland to me. I'm not sure how I feel about the sauce it came with either. I thought it was alright but, again, I'm used to gravy with my mash. Eating the puffs with the sauce made me want to ask for gravy instead.   Not bad. I think I came here with too high expectations for those potato puffs. I wouldn't mind coming back again. The other things on their menu looks yummy too!  

                Their chicken sandwich and potato puffs are amazing. It is a bit heavy so make insure your stomach is ready for it. I got the beet salad and mushroom soup which were both very tasty. But I was honestly envying my friend's chicken sandwich and wishing I had more than a bite of it. Seating can be difficult and there's only outdoor seating. Definitely worth trying out.  

                3.5 stars. Between two people we ordered  the tri-tip, stuffed pork chop, poutine and chocolate bread pudding. Tri-tip was great - super tender and perfectly cooked. Poutine and bread pudding were both solid. Pork chop is where the food fell short - it was so overcooked and incredibly dry; I had to force myself to finish it (i hate wasting food). Food was also a bit overpriced for portions, with the exception of the poutine which was quite generous. Next time I must try to potato puffs - I regret not getting them but we were just in a poutine mood :)  

                Rude server. Inquired about my order, response 'which order?' I show my receipt and nicely ask 'would you take a look at it order?' Response 'not really' Just rude, will never come back here again  

                The deep fried potato balls! So yummy! The texture is perfectttttt! You get a thin crispy shell and piping hot potato in the center; HOW? The sauce with it is alrightttt, not bad! I do want to come back and try their other items on the menu, especially the sandwiches! I was watching them make a few and they all looked pretty delicious! If you're in the Berkeley area, this is a definite place to stop by for some small eats.  

                My FAVORITE place in the East Bay! I absolutely love their lunch menu: I always get a sandwich, fries with Parmesan and garlic, and if I'm feeling crazy, potato puffs.  I knocked off a star because the food is pretty pricey a person and because parking is extremely difficult. Also, getting a seat can be competitive, which I don't mind half the time because I like games.  Tip: Order ahead. Wait times at any time of the day can be long (up to 20 mins).  

                This is a cool little place. If you're looking for good food but not a full on restaurant, you should check them out. For lunch they have a variety of sandwiches and a daily soup. However this is not a regular deli, everything here is high quality and the tastes are unique and interesting.   No much place to sit outside, so be prepared to wait a little or to take the food with you.  

                Cute and small French shop that cooks up fresh and tasty French food, which is packed with savory ingredients!  Lamb slices with grilled bell peppers, Harissa sauce and fried egg on focaccia served with mini dotted pasta salad, was delightful with every bite!  The lamb had a strong gamey flavor to it, which I liked a lot!  Potato puffs ordered up as starters, had a light, crisp outer texture and a smooth interior.  It was unique.   Their orders are packed in a signature, petite pizza-like board, but shaped like an octagon.  It's special packaging taken to go!  There's a cozy, mama papa feel to this French shop that I adore aplenty!  

                I can't believe I never went here while I was in school, a whole FOUR years that I could have been spending a small fortune on this gourmet ghetto spot!  The menu changes pretty often, so hard to recommend anything in particular because it may not be on the menu when you try it... Well, other than the famous potato puffs, just get them!  Honestly, you CANNOT go wrong here, I have been several times now since my first time and I have tried different items and they have all been fantastic. I am totally wishing I was writing this from Berkeley, so I could go grab whatever delicious sandwich is on the menu!  From now on, anytime I am remotely close to Berkeley, I will be making a stop at Gregoire for whatever is on the menu ;)  MY GO-TO: Like I said, you can't go wrong here. Get whatever sounds good to you and you will be amazed at how much better it tastes than you even thought it would!  

