                Super chill place. Finding parking can be a bit tricky on weekends, but the place is good to work and chill. An area by the window perfect as a standing desk, free WiFi (password is "haddon2014") and the staff is super friendly.   Great 4 barrel coffee, and espresso are top notch.   My girlfriend for the almond cappuccino which was okay, not the best.   Inside area also gets packed on a Saturday, but nice patio to check out.   Cool joint in Oakland!  

                My favorite place to get coffee. They use  quality local coffee (Four Barrel), serve the best almond milk latte's (I keep trying to get a good one at other cafe's and market's and it hasn't happened yet), and the baristas are friendly.  Awesome place to get some work done, chill with friends, or just grab a quick bite before going to the lake.   Try the empanada's and the house made scones!  

                Met up with a dear sister in Christ this morning and ordered a mocha & fruit danish.  As I stood near the register to pay, the owner (I assume?) asked me what my name was.  I told him my first name, thinking that they might need it for my order.  Instead, he goes, "One of my employees told me that I owe you an Americano."  O_O   o_O  O_o  -_-  I didn't even remember what he was talking about at first.  If you have no idea, please read the update I wrote on 9/23/2014.  Yup.  He then proceeded to comp my fruit danish which is more expensive than the Americano.  Aiyahhh.  I really appreciate the gesture.  Yelp, why can't I give more than 5 stars??  After having the mocha this morning, I think it'll replace my almond milk latte.  New fave!!  The danish was also DEEELICIOUS.  

                Everything a cafe should be. Thank you Yelp. If you want a different coffee experience from the normal Starbucks, Peets, and Coffee Bean experience than this is it. The Barista today was very helpful and knowledgable. I'm so used to ordering Ventis and Matcha teas that I had to ask what they included in a cafe au lait and espressos.  I don't know if they did this on purpose but the Cha Cha Cha muffin did a good job complimenting our coffee. Some desserts just over power everything else and are too sweet.   Location is great! Just a block away from Lake Merritt. Lots of seats outside and someone even started playing the piano while I was in line.   By far the best part about this cafe is the fact that they have comic books to read while your sipping your cup of coffee! I love it.  

                They give your dog treats, never too crowded, outside seating, close to the lake, with out all the hipsters, and pot smokers, they have really good empanadas as well!  

                For the last few years now, I've been reading on Thrillist that Oakland is "up and coming" and "revamped", blah blah blah hippy Berkeley meets hipster entrepreneurs who want to change the face of what was once considered the murder capital of the country. Basically, let's turn this place into SF, and pretend it's cheaper.  Nicole N. put it quite perfectly - it's literally "tucked back in a sunny neighborhood" (although I was there when it was raining, so, take that for what you will), the ambience was incredibly pleasant, the mood was a contemporary minimalist with a flair for making a simple cup of joe taste beautifully complex. The wifi was free (which is good, because there is literally *no* service when you walk inside), and the baristas were incredibly sweet. Minimal seating. I didn't get a chance to try the pastries, but I do have one thing to say about them - they *looked* good. They looked fresh, and looked handmade - maybe it's because I just finished a 10 week pro pastry series down in LA, but recognizing the difference between mass produced and handmade could mean the difference of a $5 "why the fuck did I buy that" moment.  Quiet here, you'll get a lot of programming of your flashy new app that is supposed to "change the world" or some shit. That's what this place is turning into, right?  

                Great neighborhood spot. Friendly staff and community spirit in the cafe all round!  

                Coffee was perfect, scone was perfect...really what more needs to be said??? Chill atmosphere and friendly baristas.  Have only tried the simple coffee, but all the other patrons with the fancier versions seemed happy.  

                Sometimes you just find a perfect place. And you don't want to share that place with anyone, except for the person (or people I'm open) you love. This is that place. Perfect almond capps. Perfect baristas. Delicious empanadas. Heavenly morning buns.   So like please don't bring huge crowds here, or tell all of your friends. Because I really really have a hard time sharing.  

                Fourbarell Coffee served in a small cafe: drip and espresso.  

                Great coffee.  I would imagine this place is a god send for folks on this side of the lake who otherwise might need to walk a ways to find something comparable.    That convenience may contribute to the aberationally high rating (a five star average).  You can easily get similar quality coffee/pastries on Grand (Boot and Shoe Service; Brother and Sister Cafe) and none of those places have 5 stars.    Still, this place has a nice neighborhoody feel and the staff was friendly.  I also liked the well curated selection of magazines/comics/graphic novels.  

                Best Capaccino I ve ever had !!  

                grabbed 4 iced coffees today, very awkward vibes, almost like we were being ignored and inconveniencing the staff to make our coffees. Needless to say I was hoping the coffee would be amazing because of all the high reviews, maybe I'm an east coast snob, but the worst coffee I've had in a long while.  And spent 3 dollars for the tiniest cup. I'd rather go to a Starbucks.  

                The owner is very nice, the staff is very nice.  It  gets 4 stars only b/c I think they have a good product and the staff does their best, not their fault the neighborhood is full of snobby, entitled wankers.  The coffee is excellent.  I really feel like the owner/proprietor deserves business and it behooves us all to support him instead of corporate Peets.    The space is small, cramped and depressing.  I never "hang out" here.   I don't think it's "cool" to sit at the rickety tables on the street but then I'm not a 25-year-old hipster, I'm a 40 year old grown up with a life and real job LOL.     The other patrons are rude, entitled yuppies and douches.  Too bad they ruin it.  If you regularly patronize this place, consider the fact that you very well may be a dickhead.     Nothing against the management or employees, they are angels.   But if you buy coffee here, get off your high horse and have some human manners.  For those of you who are mentally challenged, "manners" are when you even think there is a possibility you are going to pose an inconvenience to someone else and you instinctively utter "sorry" to preemptively prevent any kind of misunderstanding or hard feelings....  people in the British Isles have mastered this but dull witted Americans are clueless about it..... possibly b/c they have lost their humanity?  

                I really loved this place.  Very nice and quaint, with excellent coffee and teas.  I didn't get a chance to have the empanadas, but I had a couple of their other pastries and they were pretty great.  I had an iced tea, my daughter had a hot chocolate, and my friend had a dirty chai.  All were delicious.  To be honest, I was mostly impressed by the array of comics they had available for the patrons.  I'm a bit of a lapsed comic geek so it was nice to sit with my daughter and introduce her to the X-Men, Avengers, and Spiderman.  Totally going to bring her back there next time I'm in town.  

                This spot is the epitome of a neighborhood cafe. It's a small place tucked in a residential area and when you walk in, you feel like you might be the only one who is not a regular. The owners are super friendly and seem to know everyone..and their mother...and their children. Literally. They were playing with people's children and talking to their visiting parents. Sweet.   They serve up Javier's alfajores and empanadas which are always a treat. Also, their scones are supposed to be amazing...will have to try that next time. Great coffee, outdoor seating, always parking on the street nearby and lots of magazines, books, and wifi to keep you busy.  

                Love this place. Wish I lived close enough to walk there...or maybe I don't. Cuz those Scones are way too good. Such an amazing flavor, fennel and currant. Pure buttery magic.  

                Really, really quiet and chill, kind of eerily quiet. Great space to meet someone for coffee, but not so great as a laptop land for working. It feels as if you're walking into someones kitchen as opposed to a cafe and the customer service is kind of commensurate with that feeling. They don't have many choices for milk (no nonfat) and the pastries while tasty are just Starter bakery, which is in a lot of cafes. The homemade empanadas are a pretty awesome touch though.  

                Very cool place. Looks cool, good drinks, very pleasant and helpful staff. Nice design/ambience, and the tables outside are nice. Wish it were in my neighborhood!  

                Four Barrel coffee, Mighty Leaf tea, Strauss organic dairy, Wifi, small bites made by local small businesses, and an upright piano. This is the neighborhood place that will greet you like a friend. It's a smallish place; there's a communal table, some theater seats, 2 or three window stools, an indoor table for 2 and a smattering of outdoor tables--perfect for the afternoon when the sun climbs over face of the building.   I've been in Oakland for over 4 decades, I've seen it change in many ways--good and bad; Haddon Hill is a microcosm of the recent shift and I really love it. Sit down, and start conversations with people across the shop, it's completely Oakland and almost expected--this place has the homey feeling down pat. There's always a dog outside to admire and occasionally, a neighborhood cat will saunter over to get its jingle mingle on as well.  

                I discovered the lure of cafes during my boarding school days in NC - Rainbow Cafe and undergrad days in NY - Cafe Mozart, Cafe Pertutti, the Cafe near the church on Amsterdam Ave where I spent so many hours studying organic chemistry and eating oversized hamentashen and drinking cappuccinos with whipped cream....  Haddon Hill has captured a place in my heart among my top cafes. Discriminating food, coffee, tea, clean bathroom, updated interior. I actually look forward to occasions where I can simply "hang out" and drink tea or stop by after our Lakeshore Stroll outings. I can chat with other patrons or be online. It's the neighborhood "Cheers".  Isaac and Danny take coffee and food seriously, as evidenced by their offerings. J gets his Four Barrel grounds from here and as far as one yelper grousing that it took 10 min for his coffee - try waiting an HOUR (seriously) at Four Barrel in the Mission.   During the August "Night Out", Isaac and Danny set up 2 long tables for the potluck and were grilling corn and hot dogs (meat & veggie) on the sidewalk. There were many people gathered there and folks (including J and I) enjoyed themselves.  They had Pepples' vegan doughnuts one weekend and served them hot - oh soo good. Would like to see more vegan offerings.  

                This place is a neighborhood gem! I feel so lucky to have the creamiest most delicious almond latte served up right down the street. The scones are like little pillows of heaven and I'm totally addicted. Plus Danny and Isaac are two all-around awesome guys.  

                Swing by here after a run in search of some morning brew (not beer). Cool little shop, with nice soundtrack (PUTS was playing), and great coffee. Was especially happy to see they had paleo pastries. Went with the banana bam bam, which was a damn tasty muffin for being paleo!  

                Good guys, very good service, but in my opinion too expensive (food at least, maybe i would pay that for my four barrel coffee)  The vibe here reflects the expensive menu. Loyal customers come in and buy a bunch of expensive empanadas and coffees to go. Hip, nonchalant service and clientele.  

                This is a charming place with good warm drinks. I've never eaten here, but the food always smells delicious. The space inside is creatively arranged, with a large table in the back, a couch and coffee table along a wall, some bar-style window seating and a bar facing the prep space. Basically, you'll always be able to find a space you want to work or chill at. There's also a bathroom in back, very accessible.  I'm always satisfied with my drink. I usually get a chai latte with almond milk (only almond milk: no soy milk; fine with me!), and it comes out at just the right temperature.   Outdoor seating is on a wideish sidewalk, so if your dog is well-behaved and not prone to anxiety or quick darts of motion (likely to knock over tables), you can tether her to a bike post of street sign or tree while you order and then have her sit with you while you eat and/or drink at one of the outside tables. Also, Lake Merritt is right around the corner, so you can walk with the pup before or after for their good cafe behavior.   The barista seems familiar with most of his customers, which gives the place a really relaxed atmosphere. When I've been there, the background noise level has been negligible and the music indie rock at a reasonable level, so I've been able to work without putting on my sound-blocking headphones.  

                Less than a month later and I wanted to upgrade this to 5 stars. I tried the almond milk latte here, and I'm now hooked - to the point where I don't want normal lattes any more and ask every coffee shop I go into, whether they have almond milk! I also love their paleo muffins and can't wait to try more of their items.  I'll re-iterate that the owners are very welcoming, chatty and friendly - great neighborhood place!  

                So this is where I discovered what a kouign amann is.  I would honestly say that I prefer the kouign amann over a cronut any day!!  The texture is similar to a croissant because of its flaky crust and multi layer dough.  However, the flavor is much richer with a sugary layer and a hint of saltiness... And also very very buttery! Love it.  The empanadas are also delicious.  I would recommend the chicken one.  The staff here is super nice.  I love their coffee.  There is seating inside and outside... There's also free wifi and outlets for people who want to chill there on their laptops.  It's so nice to sit outside with some good coffee and a warm flaky pastry... yum.  

                When you get tired of Starbucks come try some real coffee. Nice smooth, not too tart. Also hot like I like it.  

                This is the perfect neighborhood cafe. I love that it is tucked away from the main road. I also love that it is so small and seats only a handful of people at a time.   The staff is terrific. They are always extremely friendly.  The coffee is strong and straight to the point. I have to pace myself when drinking that stuff.  

                This is the perfect neighborhood spot, and is great for a quick cup to go, but also friendly and cozy enough to sit and nurse an expertly crafted drink.  The pastry selection is great, a good mix of items, including gluten free muffins!  The coffee - well that's what we're all here for, isn't it!? They pull a mean espresso, and have really nice, well balanced cold brew. Prices are comparable to any other shop serving top notch caffeine.  And the staff- I'm one of those people who really struggles with simple tasks and interactions before my first cup of coffee, and the team here takes my chaos in stride, always with a smile. Can't overstate how awesome that is.  

                True Story. By M.B.  Came in one morning and ordered my soy latte. Small talk with cool and mellow dudes. Fixed my latte the way I like it. Out of the corner of my eye I spot a fellow who looks somewhat familiar. So I glanced over but just couldn't place him. He smiled, almost sheepishly. We made eye contact for about 3 seconds, I smiled back. I walked out of Haddon Hill Cafe- then my "AHA" moment hit me like a pound of coffee beans. He's a barista from lakeshore Peets. And he knew exactly who I was, being Duchess of Peets and all. Funny! He was being ba-ah-ah-ad!  So the point of the story is- Haddon Hill Cafe is so good even for pro-baristas like....ahem..don't worry my dude, your secret is safe with me ;) Baristas know where to get good coffee.  

                I can vouch that they have the best fennel and currant scones.  

                The gist: A unique coffee shop in  fun location with a few menu options that it does very well.   Came here today with a buddy.  Beautiful day to just sit outside on the street in the shade. I was so glad to see the menu had only a few options. One option that wasn't on there was the iced coffee which my friend ordered. I probably would've ordered that if it had been on the menu - hot day. That's why I only give it 4 stars. With so few menu options, there should be something on the menu mentioning that coffee could come iced.   That said, this place is great. I loved sitting out on the street - felt like I was in some  fun European side street spot! They had empanadas for sale, which was great to have a heartier food option, as well as pastries.   I'd definitely recommend coming here, and by bike if you can - lots of bike parking. I'd also recommend hitting it up around 2, to get that sunlight.  

                Omg the fennel scones--'nuff said. This place is near my sister's house, and I *love* coming here for a treat when I visit her.  

                Is there fairy dust on this place? Am I in a fairy tale? Sure feels like it.  Because first of all, the two guys here are sweet as pie. Personable and apparently have a talent for forming lasting relationships with their customers--nay, with the COMMUNITY. Because as I was chilling outside this morning, people walking by the cafe on their way to work or wherever would wave and say hello, even though they weren't stopping in to get coffee. Likewise, the guys would also shout out greetings and acknowledgements to people on the street. Their tie to the community is more than just coffee, more than just business. This is the first time I've seen this so blatantly from any business.  Second of all, their caffeinated beverages are fantastic. I usually get a cappuccino. Strong and rich but not overly bitter, no burnt flavor, nice little foam. And BAM!!!!!!!! WOOOOOO that caffeine just HIT me!!! It ain't weak, people.  And finally, their baked goods. I don't know where they get them from, or if they bake them themselves, or what. But they're fantastic. They have a convection oven though, so there's some baking of some sort going on. The breakfast bar is surprisingly filling, chock full of almonds and almond butter... protein, anyone? After a hard work out, this one bar was enough to tide me over.  It's nice and chewy. The fennel and currant scone is amazing! It's actually moist, which is bizarre in and of itself, since the world is full of scones that are hard as brick and dry as cardboard. And fennel in a scone? Whoever thought of that is a genius. There's an earthy, almost savory quality to this pastry that is so traditionally sweet. There were scones on the display tray, but they gave me a scone that was fresh from the oven; it was still warm. Nothing but the very best for their customers.  I work out in the area, and though I highly enjoy the workout, I honestly get even more excited about coming here afterwards. It really is a pleasure. I mean I am insanely happy and optimistic about life in general by the time I leave this place. Maybe it's the endorphins talking. or maybe Haddon Hill Cafe really does have that something special.  

                Cute little cafe, limited seating. Free wifi. I'm happy =)  

                Went here on a whim wanted a quick nosh and coffee it's a cute little neighborhood joint located not far off from lake Merritt.  I ordered a cappuccino and my husband got there mocha, and OMG they were so freaking good.  The scones we had were really fresh they warm them up for you too! the space is small they have indoor seating and a few little tables outside they also have free wifi.  It's a sweet little caffe house the dudes behind the bar were super nice, I can't wait to go back for more.  

                Well, no surprise here that Haddon Hill Cafe has mad love on Yelp.  Isaac and Danny are warm and welcoming, and they work their barista magic on the Four Barrel coffee they serve. Seems like they know everyone in the neighborhood -- dogs and small children are always coming by (with owner and/or parent, of course) to say "hi."     A morning java stop here has become essential, otherwise the rest of my day is just going to be off.  There are some little sweet jewels that make me extremely happy that I live in my Lakeshore/Cleveland Heights neighborhood, and this cozy and friendly cafe is way high up on that list.  

                A true living gem. Not even because they have delicious, four barrel coffee and excellent, small-batch quintessential cafe goods (favorites: currant-fennel scones, empananadas, quiche on saturdays, cookies), but the people and the small space are beautiful. You are not just another Americano with seamed milk here, you're a real person :)  Thank you guys for the great space.  

                So glad that these guys took over my local coffee shop which, once, could be described as "terrible." In the last few years, the new owners (so local, I believe, they live two doors down) offer top notch coffee in a lovely setting. Today, some dude was playing mournful tunes on a piano--how lovely! Their choice of pastries and snacks is also well thought-out.  

