                If you're traveling or visiting the Santa Rosa and looking for great, fresh sushi + remarkable customer service -- Haku Sushi is it.! Would recommend the "Garlic Edamame" for starters.... Make It So if you're looking for a good fresh, and spicy, speciality roll. The standard rolls (alaska, spicy tuna, negihama) are sized perfectly.   What's more? Great customer service.! Personable, Quick, and Attentive staff. If you're into sports, there's a nice television behind the sushi bar.  

                Had lunch at Haku Sushi today with my daughter.   We both ordered the sushi lunch special and added a 'space odyssey' roll.    The meal started out well with miso soup and a cool crisp salad.  Both were well prepared and tasty.  Our main dishes arrived and did not disappoint either the eye or the taste buds.  The 'SO' roll was beautifully prepared and arranged in a rainbow over a garnish/sauce that blended four flavors very well.  All of the items were fresh and delicious.    The servers were attentive and helped with suggestions.  The sushi chef and his apprentice were working at a fevered pace behind the bar but always with a smile. the décor was nice and muted, with dark wood and black lacquered finishes.  The only thing that kept this from being a 5 star rating is that $60+ for a casual 30 minute lunch is a bit much.  Overall a wonderful meal, would highly recommend to all.  

                I came here with my friend when we both wanted Japanese food but didn't know where to go.  I haven't actually lived in Santa Rosa for years and all the places I used to know are gone so we picked Haku Sushi because it had lots of good reviews and now I know why!  The atmosphere is the first great thing you notice about this place when you come in.  It's romantic and very beautifully decorated in a Japanese style.  The staff we met were friendly and professional, the food was served quickly and our orders were accurate.    And finally, the food tasted great!  I ordered some of my standard favorites I try everywhere I go and was not disappointed.  The sunomono (cucumber salad) wasn't too exciting (in terms of flavor) but the presentation was gorgeous.  I loved my roll and my friend enjoyed her teriyaki tofu.    I would definitely come here again!  

                Sushi. On Fire.  This place is great. Typical Japanese ambiance gives way to surprising sweet and savory rolls. Get the Love Boat. The flaming tinfoil covers a delicious sweet and hot roll. The Sex is on Fire roll brings art into sushi in a way that makes me realize I have been missing something to-date. Also, great service.  

                I wish this place existed here in LA!  We went here before boarding our plane out of the Santa Rosa airport.  Everything about this place was great - the decor, the food, the service.  We sat at the bar and chatted it up with Chris, the sushi chef.  We tried the Red Knight sushi roll, extra spicy tuna handrolls, salmon and bluefin tuna sushi. All of it was superb.  Pretty edible flowers topped on the rolls made it extra artsy. And I love pairing my sushi with genmaicha tea.  It's some of the best sushi, and the price is very reasonable.  I can't wait to return!  

                The place to go! Sashimi is always on point, alway new rolls to try and staff is always friendly and able to recommend based on palate. I have tried sushi from all over, Haku is by far number one! My go to (at least once a week) Love Haku!  

                Fresh fish! Amazing staff!! Chris has amazing costumer service skills. I love sitting at the sushi bar talking to him! He always remembers my order and my name. Very clean. The elevator pitch roll is my favorite  

                Slow service, food wasn't very good...  

                My most recent trip to Haku was fantastic. Every roll as well as the other dishes we ordered came quickly and were great.   There was a dollar beer night while we were there which encouraged our group to stay and imbibe a while longer to enjoy the food provided.  5 stars for Haku for creating a great atmosphere, while providing great food.  

                I had read all the reviews for this place, and the food met and then exceeded my expectations.  The service is slower than I expected, but the servers are super sweet.  It probably only seemed like they took for ever to take our order and come back for more roll orders (1) because we were very hungry, and (2) the food was that good.  When seated in the lobby waiting, a woman told us her daughter sent her to try The Worst Boss I Ever Had roll - so we ordered it to start.  It was so AWESOME we immediately ordered another one.  The garlic edamame was amazing.  I was just passing through Santa Rosa, but I will make sure I pass through here again real soon!  

                Was visiting from out of town and went here with a large group of 12 people.  Maybe this was affecting the service, but was not a huge line of people waiting so even if the restaurant was full, you would expect them to be able to staff and serve accordingly.  Let's talk about the food.  OK, so I am not a sushi guy at all, but the Sushi Dishes that were served were enjoyed by all.  They looked amazing and the staff here appears to do a great job in prepping the food.  Bento Boxes - here is where I live and we had 3 of them at the table.  The Tonkatsu and Chicken Katsu were actually very good.  They were large servings and very flavorful.  Actually, all of their servings are LARGE, so that is definitely a PLUS to this place as they are not afraid to give you large portions.  For this, I would give them 4-5 stars for sure as most places of this nature you get smaller portions.  Beef Terriyaki was actually very tasty, HOWEVER, it was served Cold.  I probably should have sent it back, but the service was struggling and I was hungry, so I just ate it anyway.  Service - the young ladies were working the table HARD and did a great job of ensuring we were getting what we needed quickly.  The problem was not on their end.  Now, I have been to Sushi places before and I do understand it is a challenge to serve a largish party like this when you have a combination of Cooked Diners (Chicken Terriyaki, etc), Bento Boxes with Combo Plates and Sushi.  But I really have never seen it so spread out at this.  Here was our timeline.  Ordered all our meals at the same time.  Took about 15 minutes and then they brought out 2 chicken teriyaki dinners.  OK, so 7-10 minutes go by (no exaggeration) and then they bring out 3 Bento Box meals..... first people served are half way done with their dinner, another 5-10 minutes and the Sushi begins rolling out 2 orders, then a few minutes later another 2 orders, then finally a few minutes later the last order.  So, if you do the math and look at it, there was literally 20 + minutes between when the first 2 orders were brought out on the table and when the final sushi items were brought out.  Those who ordered the first couple of meals were literally done with their dinners and sitting their staring at everyone else when the final meals were brought out.  Again, I can understand it being difficult in a Sushi place to effectively time the meals when your sushi bar presumably get's backed up and your kitchen is churning out that chicken teriyaki quickly... but you have to do a better job.  This is why the Avg 3 Star rating.  Overall, servings are LARGE, service is wonderful, but delivery needs a far better job of managing this.  

                Spicy tuna roll is too spicy to taste the flavor. The tempura was slightly burned. Teriyaki sauce is not authentic tasting. It's not an authentic Japanese restaurant at all.  

                My favorite sushi place in Santa Rosa. Every time I visit, I always order the futomaki rolls. The special sushi rolls are generous served in a big platter. The place is clean, service is attentive and warm. Miso soup is delicious and not salty,  

                Great quality sushi and good prices. Lots of fun specialty rolls... almost too many options to choose from.  

                Overall this place is really average., but I guess for Santa Rosa, it's above average considering every table around us is non-Asian customers.  To start of with, every other question we asked the waiter, her answer was "I m not sure, I m new here..."  We have 2 kids (5 & 8), I asked if they have a kids menu, she said "I don't know...", I have to force her to check and she came back and said "yes"... Limited selection, only chicken teriyaki with rice or Karage chicken and rice for $8.95.  How annoying.  Ok, here comes the food.  We ordered the veggie udon, this was the biggest bowl of udon I have seen - it's like for two!  Should have ordered this good for both kids!  Their sushi rolls seems to be famous, it's really just ok.  For $14 - $17 each roll, they are quite small.  The ones they say there is hamachi inside, it's really really little.  

                We stayed in Santa Rosa for our weekend getaway. We loved the service, their yummy sushi, and ended our meal with dessert. They have homemade ice cream and We ordered mint chocolate chip which was made with fresh mint. I would definitely come here again if I'm in the area. And I recommend this place to others. Delicious!  

                We were seated right away by a very polite hostess. Service was perfect ... part polite, friendly, & informational :-)   Sashimi and naguri were generous and fresh. Will be back.  

                I would go as far as saying that this place has the best sushi in Santa Rosa! Every roll I've had has been amazing and so creative! I LOVE the fun names every roll has (I usually go for the "Little Death" roll or the "420 Happy Meal" roll) and they are very fresh! This place is hidden in a corner of the brickyard center downtown, but it shouldn't be missed!   My youngest brother loves to go just because of the cool atmosphere. Every table is set up like it's own little room and their are fighting fish all over the place in little glass bowls!   I also love that all over their sauces are made in house which means no high fructose corn syrup. And don't forget to try out the home made ice cream... SO GOOD!  Their lunch special is also a serious deal, a lot of food for under $10!  

                I've eaten at Haku since they opened about 1/month for lunch and always been impressed, but I went to dinner twice for the first time only recently.  Their sashimi is the best in the North Bay, period.  Amazingly fresh and melt in your mouth.  No other Japanese restaurant even comes close to the consistent quality that Haku has.  This most recent dinner I went there with my 4 year old twins.  Normally it is a pretty quite place, so I wasn't sure how kid-friendly they would be.  I can say that this is one of the best, if not the best places to take kids for dinner.  They immediately came out with special bowls, waters with lids, kid's chopsticks for them.  The kids just inhaled everything put in front of them.  1/2 through dinner the waitress came back with glow stick bracelets for the kids.  Then the ice cream for dessert is just sublime.  Both of them are asking when they can go back.   Amazing food, amazing people, great for kids.  Kids menu is not very exciting at 8.95, but really, it is a Japanese restaurant, they are heaven for kids.  Just order then some miso soup, gyoza, a sushi roll and they are happy.  If you have 2 kids with you, order the udon soup.  HUGE bowl of soup (enough for adult and 2 kids).  Kids will go crazy slurping up the noodles.  

                My new favorite sushi restaurant. It's tucked away on Seventh St and I've driven by a hundred times and even seen their sign twirler guy and haven't given it a second thought. We stopped in there for the first time because my husband heard it was good and it was, shockingly so! The nigiri was super fresh and were generous portions. The rolls have all been great. I love the ambiance inside. And the servers are friendly and attentive, yet quiet and not intrusive. I highly recommend this place for great sushi, average prices, good service and atmosphere. Now I have a sushi craving!  

                Came here with my family on a busy weekend and the servers were really on point when it came to customer's service. We were well taken care of.  The food was scrumptious and the serving size was great for the price. I'd totally recommend this place to all my friends and sushi lovers :)  

                Great service, good for rolls... Didn't try any nigiri (because Hana in RP has me spoiled in that department) but this restaurant will definitely be my "go to" spot for rolls!  

                Ordered three rolls and a bento box to go and thane back to my hotel. The rolls were not only amazingly yummy but they were like a work or art in a Styrofoam box. The fact that they took so much care in presentation placing beautiful purple flowers on my roll even though I ordered to go was out of the world. The teriyaki beef was amazing though I would have liked a bigger portion.  Overall I was blown away at the quality of the food and would go again if I lived closer. Not one sushi restaurant in my home town of Santa Cruz can beat this place. Kudos to you!!!  

                New favorite Japanese restaurant. Conveniently located in downtown Santa Rosa right next to 7th at park garage. Fair prices and amazingly fresh sashimi and rolls. Miso soup was one of the best I've had, salad dressing was perfect as well. Highly recommend. Also super friendly staff.  

                Amazing rolls, lovely ambiance, efficient service. My favorite sushi restaurant in Sonoma County!  

                This review is based on two visits. I was in a hurry during the first and sat at the sushi bar. Got the salmon and yellow tail sushi. Both pretty good and I got in and out fairly quickly. Service was prompt without being annoying.  I got oyakodon on my second visit. It's one of my favorite dishes, but I found Haku's version of it too sweet. If they used less sugar or cut down on the sweet sauce, it would be perfect.  I will be back to try other dishes.  

                This is a good Japanese place in the Brickyard downtown, where Sapporo used to be.  So far, our experiences are that food is pretty good, but uneven and not great, while service is excellent.  The place, basically just a slightly spiffed up Sapporo decor, is nice.  The sushi was good - sake/salmon sashimi was good, but not great and in texture and flavour somewhat disappointing.  A specialty sushi roll that we got was very good.  Steak teriyaki was not very good - a bit bland with a lot of gristle.  Tempura was excellent.  Desserts were very good and a bit unusual.  Service, as noted, was great.  They were attentive and, when they brought out the wrong thing on one occasions they not only apologized greatly and immediately corrected it, but they then did not charge us at all for the dish we ordered (or, of course, the dish that they accidentally made).  

                This review is just for lunch.  We had a reservation for a pretty large group.  When we arrived, the tables were not even ready, we had to wait an additional 10 minutes or so.  When we were seated, it looked like some of us got a different lunch menu.  The prices weren't different between them but the terms of the prices were different.  Some said the price was cash only and the other menus did not have that fine print.  It was kind of confusing.  When we ordered, one person in the group wanted to double up on something inexpensive (California Rolls) but the waitress said this could not be done.  I wonder why - it made no sense when somebody wanted to order two of something inexpensive for the restaurant to make (when the lunch combo would still be the same price) and being forced to order something else that would cost the restaurant more money.  After we ordered, it took quite a long time for the food to arrive.  It was like the ghost of Sapporo (previous restaurant in this location, also Japanese) lived on in the slow service.  The service was only mediocre.  Many of us at the table ran out of water and nobody came to refill the glasses.  In the end, the food was really good, tasty, and the portions were pretty large for $9 (cash price, eat-in only).  

                So, I had high hopes for Haku after our first visit, and I can safely say it's earned my fifth star. Every meal I've had here has been great, and, so long as I choose foods with flavor combinations that appeal to me (because why should I intentionally make it hard to like a place?), I'm always delighted. They've added new homemade ice cream flavors, the waitresses are quirky and fun, and the Amadeus Amadeus roll has become my latest raving point.   That said, use caution if you're one with a sensitive nose. Incense is sometimes burned within, and the kitchen also infuses a sea of aromas into the place. I find it delightful, myself, but the maternal unit developed a headache this one time.   A recent visit also revealed a unique special roll--the "Space Odyssey"--featuring spicy blue crab, cream cheese, mayo, tobiko, and green onions, all deep fried and presented with amazing and ornate plating. I took a picture, but Yelp took issue with my description, for some reason, so y'all will have to miss out for now. I'm not big on deep-fried+dairy rolls, but it's a unique taste experience and definitely a culinary wager that some will find a winner.  

                We often come here for the rolls and they are amazing!!!! My favorites are Bazinga Roll and Elevator Pitch and waiting to try something new next time. Garlic Edamame is to die for and so is the wonderful homemade ice cream. I love the ambience and the excellent service!! This place is simply amazing!!!! Great food with great service!!!  

                FANTASTIC service! It was my first time trying sushi so I was unfamiliar with all of the menu chocies. I just chose the Sex on Fire roll along with the Release the Kraken, best decision EVER! The Sex on Fire was the best sushi ever. I will deffinatley be back. Im glad that this was my first expirence!  

                The service is always great, food comes out quick and always so delicious! I highly recommend this place, conveniently downtown!  

                This little hidden gem is my all time favorite sushi restaurant in Santa Rosa! Great atmosphere w/ outstanding service. My friend & I had ordered the sushi boat which included a variety of fresh fish presented beautifully we couldn't get enough of it!  

                The rice they give you is a small serving. The rice they roll the sushi in is minimal, so much so that you can see the seaweed through the rice.   Although the food is decent their kitchen could use some culinary training. I may have just ordered the wrong things, but they could have done better with the sushi.  The chicken teriyaki was really good and not over cooked at all, the veggie tempura was great as well.  3 item bento during lunch is $15  2 item is $11  Our server was new and he was really sweet and you could tell he was really trying but the lady that was training him was making him nervous. The lady who was training him was not a good server. She stood in front of our table as we were figuring out what tip we wanted to give and asked is if we were done. WHO DOES THAT! It's not like we needed change so there was no hurry to getting our check back.   Overall food is good but needs work.  The service sucked but we appreciated the new guys effort and hopefully our big tip goes to him only!!!!!!!  My rating is 2 1/2 stars  But as the owner replied and said to me:  "But even after the 25%, you weren't satisfied so i'm sorry to have lost you as a customer. There are so many other sushi restaurants in the area, and i'm sure you'll find your perfect one!  HS - owner, Haku"  

                This has become my wife and my favorite local sushi restaurant. It has a great ambiance, and more importantly great sushi (and no, I'm not talking about California rolls, I mean the raw stuff!)  

                Wonderful! Went in for lunch and was promptly sat. Our waitress was amazing and adorable and made sure we constantly had tea and water.  The 420 Happy Meal and Thunder Down Under were delicious. The miso was also tasty and hot.   The specialty rolls are a bit pricey, but so delicious it's worth it. The home made ice cream is also amazing. The yuzu was perfect. Creamy yet bright with citrus. Worth every penny.  

                Boy am I glad we found this place through Yelp! The boyfriend and I were feeling sushi after a day of hiking, and we saw all the great reviews on Yelp for Haku Sushi, so we had to come try it out. From the outside, the restaurant looks kinda dark/sketch, but inside.... so warm and cute and welcoming. The sushi chefs were super friendly, and the servers are so nice.  The boyfriend and I ordered the sashimi boat for 2-3 people. It was a bit more expensive than what we were expecting, but when the boat came out and we started eating... you realize you really get what you pay for (and they definitely do not skimp on portions)! Beautiful, thick, fresh slabs of raw fish. ^___^ We were stuffed at the end of the meal. They also gave us green tea ice cream on the house, which was super nice of them! Our waiter was super super nice too.  I highly highly recommend Haku Sushi for date night or family night out. Great ambiance, great service, and delicious sushi! Yum!  

                BaZINGA Roll...yes it contains tempura shrimp so technically NOT traditional sushi...sheesh.  I am a sushi novice, so I have no idea what constitutes good rice, but I do know when fish is fishy and tastes fishy, and I can say I don't like that very much :) buutt I have not had that experience here, everything always tastes like it's pretty fresh.  What I REALLY like about this place... -both times I've come in, they accommodated my very particular taste preferences and haven't screwed ANYTHING up...and I change things around a lot. Impressive -they have soy paper and don't charge extra for it -not all the rolls are laden with cream cheese -real crab -beautiful creations, colorful and artistic -fresh -complimentary green tea and plenty of it -super nice server, our 2nd time with one gal and she is super nice and patient, and remembered my very particular taste preferences and helped me order it again! Awesome! -big tv over the sushi station, which we were able to watch the playoff game (not included in the reviews ratings, just a bonus feature)   What I didn't like... - their soy sauce, not sure why I don't, I just don't. I usually get the sauce that comes with the tempura dishes instead.  -I really like the crab stuffed mushroom app and the crab spring rolls, but both times ordered, they were lukewarm and took forever to make.  -really expensive. I had the Bazinga roll, and the hubs had the Udon soup with veggies and tempura shrimp and the apps, and our bill was over $50 with no alcohol.  EEK. Not an everyday adventure that's for sure.  I know some of you have commented on the rice, if it's bad, I have no idea, so I guess that's a good thing bc I do like coming here, I almost hope I never know what bad rice is, otherwise I will be forever turned into a complete sushi snob...and I am already a coffee snob, wine snob,  crab snob, well you get the picture, and I can't afford to go to Hana all the time :)  

                Very good Sushi.  Staff was friendly and Chef was engaging.   Tried the sesame ice cream.   Very interesting.   Thank goodness for the caramel and whip cream.   Needed a little sweet.  

                Excellent sushi; extremely fresh and well prepared with amazing flavor combinations. Atmosphere is cozy and I've never had a bad experience once out of the 20+ times I have been here. Sake always goes great with a fresh roll!  

