                I think its about time I broke my Yelp aversion to reviews. My Dukedom is at stake!!!  So here you go Yelp, this is review number 3.   What can I say about Halu that hasn't been said by my check in total. I've been here 19 times (20 is coming soon!!!) over the last year. Nineteen. It's just that good. To put it in perspective, I come all the way from Nob Hill JUST to eat here. Those Lyft rides get expensive, but it's damn worth it. I just tell my wallet to man up and suck it up.   Situated on a secluded corner of 8th and Clement, don't let its diminutive appearance fool you. Inside, the interior is jam packed with old school Beatles Memorabilia, old posters,and retro styled decor. They also play music from the old days (and not just the Beatles, I heard the Troggs too). It's a great third or fourth date spot, especially if your significant other likes the Beatles. I still get a kick out of all the cool stuff inside because it gives the place its own personality, something that many restaurants today lack.   Because it's a small hole in the wall (and family owned and operated to boot), they are almost always busy and crowded to the brim. Be prepared for a wait on busy nights, but don't worry, the food is WORTH it. The servers are friendly (shout out to Erika and her family!) and do their best to accomodate you, but remember, there's only two of them servicing the entire restaurant, so be nice and patient!    They are known for their yakitori, (skewers), and the meat quality for the price (7$ on average for 2 skewers at the time of writing this) is insane.   Hands down the best beef belly I've ever hand. Period.   Their chasu and karage ramen is also top notch. I wouldn't say it's the best Ramen in the Bay, but it's the best Ramen in the San Francisco area, imo, and I eat A LOT of ramen. (Sorry Ramen Underground, Ken-Ken, and Izakaya Kou). They close on Sundays and Mondays though, so I have to get my fix elsewhere on those days.  Note: they don't serve sushi here. Don't ask. Neither do they take reservations. You just got to show up, put your name on the list, and sit on that nice quaint bench outside.   They have an extensive sake menu here too, so prepare to get your drink on too!   STANDOUT DISHES YOU MUST TRY: -Melts with every bite Belly steak (I order this every time without fail) -Chicken Avocado Yakitori -Okonomiyaki Japanese Pancake -Karage Fried Chicken Appetizer (and the ramen). -Chicken Heart skewers   I love Halu and I'm going to miss it when I peace out from San Francisco in April.   LONG LIVE HALU! :)  

                The first time I went to this place, I loved it. The broth was perfect, there was a good amount of ramen, and even the appetizers were good. However, this second time around, I brought one of my friends because I was so excited to show him what a little gem I found. This was one of my worse experiences.  Even though there was no wait, the food took forever. It's like once they seat us, they forget about us until they see us just sitting there twirling our wooden chopsticks out of boredom, waiting to have our order taken. I ordered the pork ramen while my friend ordered the vegetarian one. We also asked for gyoza and agedashi tofu as soon as we sat down so it would come out first since we were so hungry.   The ramen took 20 minutes to come out. They came out before the appetizers did. I was a little annoyed but then again I realized it was ramen and most of the ingredients were already cooked. But once we were done eating, we had to wait another 15-20 minutes for our appetizers! Really?! We had to ask the waitress twice to make sure they didn't forget about us. Turns out, they gave our appetizers to a table that came after we did. Our waitress wasn't even apologetic! She simply asked if we wanted to cancel and my friend really wanted the gyoza and tofu so we just waited. I was beyond irritated at this point. What horrible customer service that night. And they weren't even packed. I guess since they get so many customers every night, it doesn't hurt them if they lose one or two in the process of occasional crappy customer service.  

                Halu has to be one of my favorite ramen joints in SF hands down. It's a little hole in the wall right on 8th ave between Geary and Clement. Their spicy karaage ramen is top notch. I like to order the karaage on the side because i like it to retain the crispiness when I bite into the chicken.   cute japanese owners, Beatles themed throughout the restaurant, delicious flavorful ramen - I don't care if I have to wait for a table or that the restaurant is dinky small. the only time Halu has disappointed me is when I come by and see that they're closed.  

                Hmm more of a 3.5 but I wouldn't personally bother to come out to this place again so rounding down to a 3. A friend and I were in the Clement St. area and decided to gave Halu a try. We arrived around 7pm on a Friday night and had about a 30 min wait. Good thing is that you can put your name down and give them your phone number so you can go and eat your heart out on Clement St. before coming back. They do have a small bench outside for sitting, but otherwise best to spend that time wandering the streets.   Place is really, really small. I came from work so I had my laptop bag and I was bumping everything all over the place. When you walk in, there's a bar on the right and then tables on your immediate left--there's maybe enough traffic space for one person to go in and out.   Service is friendly. I got the karaage ramen which was good and came out pretty quickly. It was one of those bowls of ramen that tastes really really good in the beginning but then you start to experience significant diminishing marginal utility pretty rapidly. Upon first bite, noodles were al dente and yummy, soup was rich and flavorful, karaage was decent but nothing spectacular.   But then as I went through the bowl, I ended up really not liking the flavors... the soup ended up feeling extremely oily and not so desirable, the noodles were a little too thin for my liking (btw bowl is thin noodles) and in general it ended up being one of those bowls that's really hard to finish toward the end.  tldr; okay ramen... but nothing great. seems like they have a nice long list of other more izakaya style dishes that we should have tried. we didn't notice them since they're more noticeable on the wall  

                Totally passed this place even though we were looking for it. It's a small mom and pop restaurant/hole in the wall (in the best way possible).  This place is filled with Beatles memorabilia and you have a whole bunch of cool stuff to look at while you're waiting for your food. And you can't miss the sign, they have cold beer here too.  I love places that speak the language of the type of food they make. I mean, it makes perfect sense. Japanese restaurant + Japanese speaking waitresses/cooks = LEGIT.  I shared the Yakitori Omakase Dinner special for $19.50 which included a variety of skewers including beef, chicken, okra, shrimp and stuffed mushrooms. The meal also includes, rice, salad and my favorite: miso soup. This was the perfect size to split amongst two people.  Oishii!!! ^_^ (Delicious!)  

                We can work it out.  From the Beatles: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DZNfuTDbdKoY&s=2b154ad7a9312875a302bee380a02f027300938e57219045c295083f5ad49049" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">youtube.com/watch?v=ZNfu…</a>  Celebrating the Beatles: Memorabilia adorn the walls of this small space with just enough room for a kitchen. But what might be small in size creates things big in taste:  - Refreshing cold tofu with a homemade dipping sauce  - Crisp and creative salmon onigiri  - Hot and hearty gyoza  - Bold chicken skewers topped with avocado  - Rich ramen finished with fried chicken and corn  - Subtle and superb green tea mochi   Everything was really good and served in impressive time by a friendly staff. Opening refers to the challenge our selections. Such a compelling menu. We made it work.  No wait around 7 but there was a wait when we left at 8:30. Expect to pay a very reasonable $30/person before drinks.  Little food was left. We clearly worked it.  

                My favorite ramen joint in SF. Has to be included in the best ramen in SF contenders.   AND the Yakitori is perfect: favorites included trumpet mushrooms, chicken wings, melts belly steak is to die for.  Besides the food, this small establishment is what I love about San Francisco. Unassuming, quirky, with tons of personality. It's family owned and operated and seats ~20 people. Waits can be long, but put your name on the list and grab a drink on Clement.  

                Excellent tako wasabi, squid, ramen, okonomiyaki! Service was a teeny bit slow because it's so busy and people order a lot, but it was worth it  It's soooo Japanese, cute, and cozy that it just reminded me of when I was studying abroad in Japan. My friends and I loved this place. Will be coming back again  

                It all started when I felt like having some okonomiyaki for dinner, and I was so eager to go to Japantown to order takeout.  However, my mother had different ideas.  She felt that Japantown is a little out of our way, despite the fact that I know the ins and outs of the area very well.  I didn't want to argue with her anymore about it, so we chose a place that was a little closer to home -- low and behold, we found Halu.  When we first walked in, I was actually a bit shocked of the decor for a Japanese restaurant.  It was a very rinky dinky place, with decor from the 1960s (i.e.: Beatlemania).  Although I'm not opposed to anything from the 50s and 60s, I found it redundant, considering that so many Beatles fans have vilified Yoko Ono as the woman who broke up the band.  To add more fuel to the fire, I felt that the food was nowhere near superb.  I've had okonomiyaki before, and for the price we paid for our meals, I tasted more "pancake" than anything else.  Although there was meat mixed into the dish just as I asked, I couldn't even taste it.  Even with the sauce, mayonnaise, and aonori flakes, it was practically tasteless.  Also, can somebody tell me what you have when you spell B-O-N-I-T-O followed by F-L-A-K-E-S?  That's what their dish DOESN'T have; that's one of the main toppings you put onto it.  Okonomiyaki is supposed to be a savory dish, and there was nothing appetizing about their version of it.  The reason why I gave this place a 2 is because despite the fact that the food wasn't to our liking, they definitely get points for their customer service; their waitresses were very kind and welcoming.  Originally when we walked in, the door was open, and where we were seated, we felt a really cold draft.  In an attempt to change seats with my mother, one of the waitresses noticed, and asked me if I wanted the door closed.  I said, "yes", and she did just that.  She was also very nice to allow us to take up one of their tables while we were waiting for our order to be boxed and bagged.  Other than the good customer service, I would suggest that if you really want a taste of some real okonomiyaki to take a trip to Japantown.  There's a couple of restaurants there that prepare a very traditional and savory okonomiyaki, as well as a Westernized version of it as well.  

                This was definitely a little hole in the wall. We were there right before it opened and we were first.  about 15 minutes after it opened the place was packed. We ordered the chasu men and it was delicious. It came out quick and hit the spot on a cold SF day. The broth was creamy and the pork was soft. We also ordered the beef belly, in all it's fatty goodness.  The only reason it's not a 5 was because our calamari came after our bill even though we ordered it at the same time as everything else. Overall it was pretty good.  

                I love this place.  The atmosphere with the Beatles stuff everywhere is just great.  The first time I was here I was searching for some really spicy ramen.  I asked for the spiciest ramen possible and so they served just that.  The lava ramen then was the spiciest ramen I had ever had.  Like 8/10 spicy!  I was in pain but it was so good!  The second time I was here I came with my boyfriend.  We got the lava ramen hoping for a similar spicyness but it wasn't really quite there.  Maybe 6/10 spicy.  The chicken katsu ramen was still very good even with the lower spicy level.  We also ordered yakitori and it was delicious.  My boyfriend ordered beef tongue and chicken hearts.  I tried some even though I usually don't like those dishes and to my surprise I actually liked them.  The service is friendly and the waitress will make many recommendations to you.  This is my new favorite place for ramen and I will be coming back again.  

                Beatles paraphernalia, endless yakkatori, and great timing makes this place a hit!  First, love the decor and music. I couldn't help but stare at every bit of detail placed here. Now I enjoy minimalistic interiors but this place has the perfect balance of intrigue but not distraction (woops designerd rant).  We had: - seafood pancake (okonomiyaki) - erichan special (I believe this is the mochi) - meat lovers special  - cha shu ramen  I died with every bite starting with the mochi. I LOVE mochi and this just sparked my tastebuds because I've never had a savory version before. Try this is you're a mochi fan, you won't be disappointed!   The seafood pancake was huge for two people and woo was it tasty.  Sounds strange but my favorite part was the corn haha!  If you've never tried the yakkatori and crave meat, I'd just go for meat lovers to try versions flavors. Juicy, savory, melt in your mouth glory. Do it.  Lastly, I really enjoyed the ramen! I know a lot of people can be picky about ramen but all I know is that this hit the spot and really, that's all that matters.  Go, and enjoy!  

                First the good news. The food is not bad. Not authentic, but I do not believe they claim to be nor is it necessary, just worth mentioning. If you are looking for traditional donburi in a bowl, for example, this is not your place. Most items executed well.  Now the bad news: facilities and service. The place is tiny and can get loud. Even when you get a seat (may god help you if you get a seat at the bar by the drafty and busy door) you will be forever jostled by patrons and staff coming and going. And with SF's cool weather, a blast happens with every door opening.   No reservations are taken. In a Friday night my party arrived at 6 and was told we would wait 40 minutes. We agreed to wait, but this means outdoors. 75 minutes later we were shown a table.  The drink orders were so rushed I never got to order before the server left. I asked our food server to send the drink server back but she never did. The food arrived on a staggered basis over 15 to 20 minutes and one member of the party did not get her meal until the rest of us were done (and we had delayed starting out of deference).  On top of that I found servers rather disinterested, never apologizing or at least explaining why service was so bad (for example, anyone would be somewhat sympathetic to "I am so sorry but it is swamped tonight and we are down one person",etc).  Too many restaurants in the city for me to put this one on my "must return" list.  

                I love the atmosphere, cozy and friendly.  I haven't try their ramen yet, but grilled stuffs were so good, especially grilled veggie set. This is my new favorite spot to get some sake and I wish they open late night.  

                If you are coming here just for a bowl of ramen - you are doing it all wrong!! I haven't had their ramen but their Yakitori and Kushiyaki selection is really really good and you are totally missing out. I came here with 4 other Japanese people and we had a few salads and Yakitori all night. Absolutely delicious and authentic Yakitori. Cute, cozy space with friendly service!  

                I haven't been here for a while, it seems like Halu has new menu. Now, one of twin girl in the kitchen, I have heard that their dad past so she took her dad's position. It seems like they are really busy working here, keep their business going. We were 4 of us here for Saturday night dinner having the Kushi-Yaki ( skewered bbq meat ) menu. ( reason why I say "Kushi-Yaki" only because Yaki-Tori means BBQ-Skewered-Chicken only. Skewered-Beef isn't called Yaki-Tori, period. Doh! )  We got: Yakitori dinner, 7 skewers combo, plus: Pork sausage was So Juicy! Tontoro (pork Jowl) was melt in my mouth! Beef steak fillet, Shiso Beef and Rib eye were So Tender! Salt Chicken breast was So Good! Also, I really like the new Exotic Yaki-Tori menu: Chicken hearts, liver, cartilage, gizzards, ummmm, so good!  All Kushi-Yaki are pretty big, 5 to 6 bucks for 2 skewers, is I think good deal. 4 bucks for one small Onigiri is not a really good deal, but WTF? We had a wonderful time.  It was full house, and there was a line for 30 minutes wait.  I am so glad to see Halu is busy. That means, real people know what's really good authentic Japanese.  I think the twins and mom are doing good job, their dad is proud of them. Hey old man, your Halu will be fine.  

                Excellent atmosphere.    Very friendly staff.  Always smiling.   Great ramen.  Nice price.  I've tried a number of items and enjoyed them all.  

                I've been to Halu about half dozen times in last four years. If I lived near the inner Richmond district,  I bet I will be making Halu my weekly hang out.  Mimi is the owner and runs the kitchen.  She is a super woman whipping out all the food in her tiny kitchen. Mimi's daughters Eri and Sayaka runs the floor.  I am a big fan of family business and I am glad that these three women are carrying on Shigemi's legacy.  There are lot of stories to be told about this business but I think it is the love of family that created this restaurant and the bond of a family that helps carry it on...    My recommendation is to start with yakitori appetizers first with your favorite sake or beer. The root of this yakitoru dishes traces way back to Yoshidaya Japanese restaurant on Webster Street which is now occupied by Unami.    Hope you will have a chance to get to know these beautiful people through the flavors of Halu.  

                Amid the Outside Lands traffic horror, I wanted to stay away from going to the Sunset. I put my name down, luckily it was short and we got a table within 10 minutes.  First impression: Lots and lots of The Beatles collectibles and very, very small.  My friend and I got to ordering the chashu-men mild spicy. We had to have waited at least a good 30 minutes before our bowls were delivered to us. Needless to say, I was extremely hangry. The broth was really hot and pretty spicy, I'd say it was medium spicy. Not bad at all. We were also persuaded by the kind waitress to order the sparkling peach sake with jelly. I definitely recommend it! It's so refreshing and has an interesting texture.  I'm not a very patient person so I'll have to think twice before coming here again.  

                Good ramen, great skewers. The ramen had springy noodles, which I really need. We had mild spicy chicken karaage. The broth had a real kick of ginger root. The chicken was well marinated, and crispy. Dem skewers doe. Great char and lightly smokey. We had the omakaze skewers. Got chicken wing, beef, mushroom, okra, chicken meatball. We got there close to opening at 5pm, and were seated right away, beating the crowds. This was a kind of an unexpected date night with the wifey, and turned into a memorable night of enjoyable new place and tastes. We had a secluded seat and took in the Beatles and sixties music decor. I was surprised the music playing wasn't strictly Beatles only. They even played some (gasp) Monkees!  

                Overall it had some good ramen, but not worth the price / hassle.  If you read anything from my review, DO NOT ORDER THE FRIED SHRIMP SKEWER!  It costs $6.50, you get two little shrimps, and they taste like cheap frozen ones you get from grocery store.  Total rip off.  Pros: 1) their spicy ramen is good!  I was quite happy with it.  2) the entire inside is decked out with Beatles stuff.  Where else can you eat ramen with Beatles in the background, besides your apartment?  Cons: 1) pricy!  Ramen starts at $12.5 for a bowl, and they charge for everything, even to make it spicy.  Seriously? 2) the wait.  We had to show up right as they were opening to ensure a table.  It's a small small place.  They also don't take reservations so if you don't want to get there early, you're gambling with your evening. 3) the skewers.  I don't know what the hype is about, these are WAY overpriced for what you get.  For $6, you get two little skewers.  See my photos to see what I mean.  The "meh" 1) the service.  The servers are spread thin, and you'll get nothing more than the bare minimum.   However I will give our waitress props for promptly taking care of my girlfriends ramen when she asked for the chicken on the side, and they still put it in there.  

                Before Mission was infested by hipsters from Facebook and Google who rode the inconspicuous buses to and from work, it was the Mission frequented by real hipsters with real creative jobs who went to Burning Man before it became so cliche. That was before my awakening.   Two years ago when I rediscovered the Mission, I went on a search for the hippest places and stumbled onto an article: 48 Hours in the Mission by New York Times. I had, of course, neglected to read the publication date, which, of course, ironically, was 5 years in the past. No wonder Weird Fish, Savannah Jazz and 500 Club had no wait time. I felt like a fool afterwards, though, ever since then, I've caught on. The Chapel, Mission Control (aka underground club), Viracocha, and obscure Argentinean beer and empanada places were among my discoveries.   I showed up at Lolinda when it just opened and was hip and I ordered Icelandic beer at Mission Chinese aka Lung Shan before it opened up its east village outpost in New York.   You ask, wtf and why is it at all relevant to Halu? Well, it's very. very. relevant. For one, I needed to know that I have since risen from the ashes and I have since stayed ahead of the trend. Incoming Halu and GQ Nov 2013 issue. Halu was mentioned by a jet setter who frequented SF and recommended Halu. But that's not it.  I knew of Japanese bar food from my old stumbling ground in Toronto. I in fact had failed to get into a couple of those joints due to overcrowd. Incidentally, if you have not been to Toronto, you are not a real foodie. It has the best food scene in the East Coast. Ab Fab. But I digress. So we went for Chicken Skin, Chicken gizzard, Beef Tongue, Octopus, Fried Mochi, Steak, Pork, Yuzi Chicken, ramen, Peppers, chicken katsu, beer and sake.   Ruben and Andrew were not so keen on trying gizzard or skin of the chicken. Though they seemed to be Ok with it. White boys, what can you say?  Scallop fried was delicious. In fact fried mochi took the crown for how good it was. Shannon and I were a bit more adventurous, we liked the skin, the gizzard, liked the tongue.   Odd combo if you ask me, but it works. Sake was delicious, I had two bottles which perhaps was not a great idea considering I'm Asian and a lightweight, But I loved every drop of it.   Seeing that the Mission was now overcrowded with hipsters who don't have great taste but pretend to have (see my review of Haven), I had been long waiting for something authentic, innovative and surprising, not to mention, a lesser hipsters infested neighborhood. I had suspected Richmond had it all. It did. As they say, the proof is in the pudding, or in this case, the proof is in the gizzard.   GQ November 2013 was way better than New York Times 48 Hours in the Mission circa 2008. I have redeemed myself, at last.   Note to those who are looking for a date restaurant, especially if you are a Caucasian man and you finally landed an Asian date.  Yoko Ono on the wall along with Beatles and endless British pub beer. You ought to be proud of yourself, for bringing hard-to-find Asian date to this restaurant. She'll be impressed, and you will feel like you actually managed to outdo yourself.  

                Love this place.   It's a tiny family owned place with amazing character :)  When you enter Halu, you notice the amazing collection of Beatles paraphernalia as well as other rock posters including late owner's band. (my his soul rest in peace)   Then you meet two very personable waiters greets you and help you.  Their menu is very traditional yakitori menu though lately they added some more contemporary dressings lately.   If you like ramen and yakitori, this is a great hidden gem in the city to go =)  

                My favorite Japanese ramen in Inner Richmond. You should come for the ambience alone. It feels like you've just stepped into a Tokyo ramen shop. It's quaint and has a little bar that's perfect for single seating. No need to be on your phone, there's enough Beatles memorabilia on the walls to entertain you. Besides, you come for the ramen. It's an in-and-out deal. Get the Cashu-men ramen spicy! The pork is so tender, it falls to pieces. Yakitori apps are great too!  

                ADVICE: CHECK YOUR BILL!  The skewers are very much on the pricey side. Ordered 5 pairs of skewers in total and felt like we were very ripped off ($50 per person).  The skewers were kinda on the salty side, nothing special. Won't ever be returning.  *UPDATE*  Went back to the restaurant and asked the waitress for clarification, and it turns out she "accidentally" multiplied the orders in the bill twice. So the total bill came up to $60 instead of $100!!! So baffled at such incompetence, even when the restaurant wasn't busy yet. (We went in when it opened at 5pm and were the only customers.)  

                Lucky accident  finding this gem of Authentic Japanese cusine, my new spot for when those Tokyo cravings hit.   The ramen broth here is real meat broth. The  Spicy chicken broth is full of flavor and perfect spicy. I prefer this broth to another ramen house's (Katanaya, my old fave until now).   Also excellent service; I asked about japanese curry, not on the menu, they happily made it for me and the chef was gracious enough to bring it out personally to me. I Will def be coming back here to try the rest of their menu.   One of the largest menus Ive ever seen at a Japanese restsurant.  Heads up; this place gets packed for dinner, my first visit missed the crowd by a hair.  

                Went here for the first time this thursday with my good friend. I had no idea there was such a gem of a restaurant here! I had lived near the area before and never stumbled in. Such regrets! Anyway, it is a tiny place, but the atmosphere feels very cozy and well established. The cluttered and aging decor added much to its mom+pop charm, Beatles themed, with coordinating music in the background. The food was wonderful! we ordered a chicken karage dish that came with veggies and salad, and a bowl of chashu ramen. everything was served for sharing, which was nice. The veggies were fresh and the ramen was stellar. The best i've had yet. We encountered a small problem with a dish we ordered being forgotten and coming out late, but as we were just on a casual outing and had no where to be, it was not really an issue. The wait staff was super nice about it. My friend and i tried a sake called Drunken Whale, which was super. i can't wait to go back.  

                Small restaurant with Beatles galore. Service was friendly but a tad slow. The menu does warn that they operate in a very small kitchen so food may take a while. The music playing and the memorabilia covering the walls should keep you busy. I tried the:   Beef & Veggie Okonomiyaki: The highlight of the night. It was crispy and soft with tasty bits of beef, topped with sauce, green onions and pickled ginger. I could have just eaten a whole one for dinner.   Lava Ramen / Karaage Ramen: Huge bowls. I wasn't impressed with the ramen broth, although I thought the karaage broth was tastier than the lava. Also, the noodles and the toppings weren't very exciting. Both bowls were spicy and definitely packed the heat (the karaage can be ordered not spicy).   Order the okonomiyaki and stick to the yakitori, which seems to be quite popular here.  

                Halu is cool because they decorate the small little restaurant with an abundance of Beatles collectibles. They also play oldie music in the background, so i guess it really takes you back to the 60's/70's if you grew up jamming to those tunes. If you sit in the bar area, you'll see a row of Japanese Premium Beer lined up on the counter. Each of those beer can run you up from $8-$12, so be careful where you point to!  A couple of skewers are always fun, especially if you order things like the bacon-wrapped mochi or exotic things like those chicken/beef internal organ stuff (hope im not grossing anyone out!). I think most of the skewers just taste like oily crispy stuff, but they're fun to try. I think the $4 and up price tag would be more justified if I am able to distinguish the skewers by taste.  I come to Halu for their ramen though, so that's the most important part of the review. The Lava Ramen looks Red Hot Chili Peppers, but it's actually not too spicy. I don't like that their egg is not soft-boiled (the yolkiness is soooo important) and they put a lot of bean sprouts in the broth that it gets into my way of slurpping the ramen. So overall, i don't think it's the best bowl of ramen ever, but it's still decent.  I think this is a cool place to just enjoy the vibe with some beer/sake and snacks/skewers. I wouldn't stand in line just to wait and try their ramen.  

                I have been going here for years and always forgot to are about them. Worried others will get there and take up all my seats, but this hole in the wall is my always to go location. I love the people there. Super friendly- feel like family.  The ramen is super good and the yakitori is hands down. If your a sake drinker get the sake flights and you won't be disappointed.   Great food and great service. Beatles fans!  

                I remember when I first met Halu. A friend of mine was raving about Halu's ramen and invited me out. I joined him and thought Halu was nice but nothing special. I would visit weekly because it was what my friends did. But I was here for my friends, not for Halu. However, as time passed and I continued my weekly Halu sessions, Halu grew on me. The pictures and articles of the Beetles that graced its walls stopped bugging me so much and I began to appreciate it. The karaage ramen that I once deemed average began tasting amazing as I sampled different variations and really took the time to enjoy it.   As time grew, I pursued Halu more heavily and took time to understand it. I would get its sake flights to taste all of what it had to offer and try different pieces of its succulent yakitori. Halu helped me understand myself too- I now know that I will absolutely devour any yakitori that has even an inkling of chicken in it.   I knew me and Halu had something special going on when it closed its doors for several months, but for what seemed like an eternity. I missed the kaarage ramen. I missed drinking beer and sake there with my friends. I missed whetting my appetite with their expansive yakitori menu. When Halu returned to the Sunset, I ran there with open arms. You will still see me there- every Thursday sitting at a table with 3 or 4 other people merrily drinking beer and chowing down on ramen. If you see me, stop by and say hi!  

                Back living in the 808, and still one of my favorite restaurants ever. Too many great memories there to not be. Rest in Power Komiyama Shigemi!  

                Located on 8th Avenue rather than Clement or Geary Streets, Halu is a tiny, but cozy, Japanese restaurant tucked away in the Inner Richmond district. They offer a great selection of yakitori, ramen, donburi, and drinks. I've been here a couple times so far and haven't tried much, but I recommend the yakitori.  Salmon onigiri -- I was expecting a rice ball with a thick (or at least noticeable) layer of salmon in the middle. However, Halu's salmon onigiri only had small salmon bits dispersed throughout the ball. And it didn't hold together nicely either -- the rice ball quickly fell apart as soon as I took the first bite.  Yakitori -- There's a large selection of yakitori here -- beef, pork, chicken, seafood, and vegetable -- so you're bound to find a couple of options that are worth trying. I've had a small handful from the yakitori dinner special. The chicken meatball was flavorful and marinated nicely. Stuffed mushrooms were filled with ground chicken that was juicy, and the mushrooms were very meaty. Chicken wings were moist and fell off the bone so easily. Flat steak was a bit chewy, but good, and it was cooked medium, which is surprising because the meat was so thin to begin with. Okra was simple, but still tasted great and had a nice, non-rubbery texture. Bacon wrapped scallop was delicious (but bacon wrapped anything is delicious).  Karaage ramen -- This ramen had five pieces of deep fried white meat chicken that were very juicy and tender. The batter got soggy quickly, which is a no-brainer because the karaage sits in a bowl of soup. The broth was decent, not too salty, but very oily. The ramen noodles had a firm, chewy texture. A majority of the bowl consisted of the noodles too. Although they're very generous with the noodles, the overall proportions were off -- there was just too much noodles in the end.  Butter corn ramen -- This ramen comes with two slices of butter, which helped make the broth thicker and creamier, yet not too heavy. The spicy version definitely has a lot of heat! I had to drink a lot of water to subside the spiciness. This ramen came with two types of pork. The chasu was nice and tender, but not too fatty. The other pork was fork-tender, but it seemed a little cold, like it came out of the fridge and placed into the bowl shortly before serving.  As indicated on their menu, ALL ramen broths are meat-based, so Halu isn't a vegetarian friendly place for ramen. The service is very friendly, but wait time for food varies based on how busy the place is. First time we came here, the restaurant was packed and it took 30 minutes for food to arrive at the table. Second time we came here, it wasn't as busy and our food took less than 10 minutes. Halu probably holds no more than thirty customers, and they're nice enough to call you, letting you know your table is ready, if you don't want to stand outside waiting.  

                This is one of my favorite izakaya restaurant in SF!  I come here practically every week. It is a really small restaurant so be prepared to be waiting for a long time. You can leave your name and number and they will give you a call when your table is ready. Table for 2s are usually quicker.. Anything above will probably be around 30mins + or just show up early on a weekday :)   The decorations are awesome. The whole restaurant is dedicated to the Beatles. The music, the posters, the records.. It's really cool.   The food is delicious. The kitchen is right there so you can smell all the yumminess. I usually get a few skewers.. Jowl, eggplant, chicken hearts, gizzards, chicken thigh, beef, scallops.. Ok fine you can't really go wrong with any of the skewers. The sake and beer selection is pretty big. We always order the drunken whale. It's a very suitable name!  The waitresses are very friendly and know everything about the menu. They are also very talkative which I love!  I will probably end up going back next week.. And the week after that.. And that!  

                One of the best kept secrets in San Francisco.  Nojo - you should be ashamed for charging so much.  

                The bomb diggity.   This place is a go-to spot for me. Parking isn't toooo bad on clement so that's nice. Try the chashu ramen, try the karaage ramen, try the beef tongue, try the beef belly. Yuuusss!   That is all.  

                Great divey joint. Cool memorabilia on the wall. Delicious food.  

                We've been through your doors many times per the past couple of years for a good reason. Love the divy ambiance and really enjoy the daughters who runs the floor, both are very cute and full of personality of a family-run business, I really like the atmosphere. The walls covered with old Beatles paraphernalia and Beatles songs playing in the background. It's very good wholesome Japanese food all around. As one put it "If you like ramen and yakitori, this is a great hidden gem in the city..." I agree, a hidden gem. :)  

                Very good place! It is not a good place but will bring you Japanese old school style, the store theme is Beatles!  Food is delicious, make you feel like you are in Japan. Recommend try everything on the menu, you will find surprise, that is not much, because Japanese plates are very small.  

                Don't know why people here keep complaining about the wait.  If you want consistency and the best yakitori, you gonna have to wait.  Recommendation, come an hour early, put your name down, have some beers at Stein's.  They'll call you.  Whoever compares this place to Kitaro gots to get the F**K outta here.  Stick with your steak and potatoes and move to Boise, Idaho.  Or to the one that complains when the noise is too loud.  It's an IZAKAYA MUTHAF**KER! - Japanese drinking establishment, suppose to be LOUD!!!  Dipshits don't know what's up, better check yo self before you reck yo self, foo.  Eri chan and her fam do it right all the time.  Probably my favorite restaurant in SF.  

