                This place is amazing. Everything is very tasty! Live music mid week too. I wish they served their schnitzel daily  Cons- it's soooo good there are sometimes crazy long lines -when you call in for pick up orders be sure you check food before you leave  

                Wow, first time after all my visits!!  Ordered to-go meals which was a regular turkey and a senior turkey.  All these years they have been responsible and good food as usual.  Today, on my regular turkey, I asked for corn vegetable and salad for the two sides. Both of these items were not in the bag.  Also asked for the gravy on the side.  Saw them put the gravy in a container, but was not in the bag.  What a disaster.  Cannot have turkey with no gravy.    What a disappointment for a reputable restaurant.  Will be going back to ask for a refund or some compensation.  

                Harry, you have won over my heart. You get ALL the stars!  In all honesty, the place looks a little janky from the outside. I've driven past it numerous of times and never thought anything of it. One day a friend tells me about it and Im like what?! No way!! In that little brown building? Finally, I had the chance to check it out. It's a German restaurant serving delicious comfort food cafeteria style. It reminded me of Tommy's Joynt in San Francisco (another must try if you're in the city). Anyways! I went up to the line and decided to order the turkey wing dinner, which includes mashed potatoes, stuffing, dinner roll, and your choice of a hot side or cavery salad. Of course I chose the macaroni and cheese. I was more than happy with what I ordered. The turkey was flavorful and tender with crispy skin. Noms! The mashed potato and stuffing was great. I asked for the turkey gravy on the side and they didn't skimp me, I got a whole bowl of it. I smothered the ish out of it.   Don't forget the cranberry sauce!! It was good. Staff was friendly and I will definitely be returning for a good meal with a cheap price.  

                Harry's Hofbrau is worth going to for their craft beer selection which features dozens of rotating taps and the occasional tap takeover! As prices elsewhere on beer have crept up...Harry's remains reasonable.  The food is tasty, nothing 'haute' but for its style ever so slightly above average, the pricing is reasonable and I'm just glad they have solid food if you want to eat something with a beer or two. The food staff is kind of inconsistent though. Like sometimes they're super nice, other times grumpy.  

                I have driven past this place a number of times but never stopped in, not until someone told me that they had quite the beer selection to pick from.  Upon entering I was immediately happy with how the interior looked, it has that nice dark look I like in a Hofbrau, but its not SUPER dark where I can't see whats going on inside.  They have a good selection of food items for the sandwiches as well as a good selection of side items.    The aforementioned beer menu was in fact pretty great, something that I wouldn't have expected from a Hofbrau restaurant.  I don't remember how many taps they had on hand but it was a pretty fair number, they also have a much smaller selection of bottles, I didn't look at it closely but from what I saw it looked like they had some good stuff in there as well.  Overall I am quite happy with this place, I think it will definitely be a go-to place for a meal whenever I am in San Jose from now on!  

                My co-workers invited me out for a pint, and I had never been here, but have heard about it from several people. Just recently, I had come here for the first time, primarily to drink. So this review is primarily for the bar area. From what little I did see, I was very pleased, and will definately come back for a bite!  First and foremost, I was actually really quite impressed with their selection of beers on tap! They have several stouts to choose from, and that me a very happy camper! Their selection in IPA'S and other light beers is actually also really impressive! The service was very honest in terms of opinions, and when I went for a beer I wanted that was no longer availible, the bartender had an awesome alternative lined up for me. He was quick to serve us our drinks. The prices are actually also quite reasonable, which is nice!  The place itself, is massive! It was also very clean, and presented itself as a family type of place. Like mentioned earlier, I had yet to have tried the food, however, I do plan on doing so in the coming future!  Overall; fair prices, and great service! I do plan on coming back again for both, a pint and a bite!  

                Great meat selection! I love their carrot cake here! Ate here with my boyfriends siblings and the portions were pretty big, don't expect anything small here. You order your food and take it to the table kind of feel. I had the sirloin tips on top of noodles and it was good, very heavy and filling. The sirloin tips were a little dry. My boyfriends roast beef was good, very tender and juicy. The sides were great! The potatoes and mac and cheese were a good size to share too. Definitely a place to try out, pricings good as well.  

                Positives, the place is open till 11pm every night. So it's good when youre out or working late. The bad is if you show up right before 11, things arent totally fresh. Pastrami and mash and gravy were still tasty, though nit as hot as id liked. Rolls are cold unfortunately and mac&cheese is lukewarm. The place is old and huge in that Bavarian beer hall way. Workers are extremely nice. Go during more peak hours and im guessing its better 3.5 stars  

                I remember going to Harry's Hofbrau as a kid but I hadn't gone there in over a decade. But their Beer Week specials of Deschutes barrel-aged ales lured me in and I will definitely be going back more often for the food and beers.   The place is ginormous, so if it's just yourself or a party of 250, you'll fit. Peruse the menu while you're waiting in the serpentine line and before you know it, you'll be ready to pick up a tray and order. The carved meat portions fill up a whole plate and you get a couple side dishes with it. Both the tri tip and corned beef were juicy and tasty.   After you've grabbed your food (or before), stop by the bar and order a beer or three. They have a good dozen or more beers on tap and several large coolers of craft beers in regular and large format bottles. Plenty of TVs to watch games too.  

                A big corned beef sandwich and a cold beer from Harry's outstanding selection.  Need I say more?  

                I love this place.  Been coming here on and off over the years and just now getting around to reviewing it.    The place is always busy and if you like the kind of food that they serve you'll be a regular here if you try it.  You do have to go through a Disneyland like line to order but they have the system down and you'll work through it pretty quickly.  I hate lines but never hesitate to come here because they have it together.    I typically only get one thing - the roast beef sandwich.   It's a simple sandwich, bread, meat and juice but every part of it needs to be on point to make something awesome and Harry's always delivers.  Fresh french bread, the roast beef hot and juicy piled high.  The portions - BIG.  The juice is the real thing, not some uber salty fake stuff you'll get other places.  (My mouth is watering just writing this :-))  My alternative is the open face turkey sandwich or roast turkey carvers dinner.  Both of these are mammoth size and the dinners come with all the fixings.  Bring your appetite when you come.  And if that wasn't good enough, they have a full bar that also emphasizes micro beers.  So along with my awesome sandwich I can get a fresh brew to go with it.  

                This place serves average comfort food. Portions were pretty big and you get what you pay for. However, I would not go out of my way to dine here. The restaurant booths were falling apart. Their decor is dated and everything looks like it needs a deep-cleaning.  I ordered their roast beef with mashed potatoes, mac & cheese and a sourdough roll.  Disappointedly, the roast beef was well-done. Their sides I had with my meal were nothing special. The roll wasn't worth finishing.  Maybe their other dishes and sides are better. I'm willing to give this places another shot, even after my mediocre meal.  Their adjacent bar had a good selection of bottled craft and on tap and is worth checking out.  

                Love this place and all the options.  Food is great and I always get the turkey open face sandwich. Tri-tip looks amazing though.  I love the bar, a bunch of different types of beer on tap and in bottles, lots of craft beers top choose from. I am however am sad that they do not have the beer tastings available to purchase anymore. Please bring it back!!! This was one of the reasons why I love this place. They also for tappings here, ask for dates.  

                I'm a fan of the Bar and the mashed potatoes and the strawberry shortcake and anything else vegetarian ....lol I'm a fan of all the beers on draft!  

                Not really sure what to make of this place other than it looks like a Disney idea for Epcot Germany that got put to the backburner. Literally, felt as though I was out of time, like back in the 70's.  That said, the food is summed up as large hearty portions of hams and other kosher type deli meats that definitely will fill you up and out.   I'll come back because what's the point of going here if I don't at least try out some of the beers on tap. Brother says it was well worth it. I'll have to be the judge of that.   All in all, deliciously done, in a weird European vibe sort of way.  

                Cafeteria style din din.. dang. Haven't heard that style since.. elementary?! lol. It definitely reminded me of those elementary days sliding down the lane.  First off, let me tell you this.. this will be your protein and carb overload thanksgiving dinner lol. So don't you think about leaving that line!! STAY because you'll be in for a ride!   We had the Open faced turkey which is slices of bread, turkey, smothered in gravy (ask for extra gravy for extra thickness ;)) it is heavenly.. it was a pretty thick meal considering we had the side of mash potatoes, pesto penne pasta and a killer mac n cheese. We literally ate within half an hour quick easy and go. I was surprised how fast we finished our meal but I needed to realize that it wasn't no dine-in where you had to wait for your food.. instead you instantly get your food.  They also have a bar here with all variety of beer on tap in the far corner.  I'm glad I finally got to try this place.. it was like thanksgiving all over again!  You'll be glad you came on this comfort food ride ;)  

                With the first chill of Fall and the desire for a seemingly home-cooked turkey dinner before Thanksgiving, we come to Harry's Hofbrau. Generous slices of turkey with filing and choice of two sides are placed on a plate with a cover. The meal includes a roll and butter and ice cream. The staff is very efficient, striving to keep the food warm and not having one to wait before eating. The staff is exceedingly polite (old-fashioned politeness) offering to carry the heavy food-laden trays to a booth. The senior meal is very reasonable. I take home a doggy bag.  Dining is like a visit to a German restaurant without having to go there.  

                At least 4 stars for the food, service, staff, and the cost, and an extra star for the portions.  We've been done Canadian and American Thanksgivings here a few times, and they've been very enjoyable. I've actually eaten here a several times going back a few decades.  I've never heard any complaints from our groups.  Lots of convenient parking, too.  

                I was invited to a UYE at Harrys . I have eaten at Harrys in San Leandro and I liked it . So I jumped into my Work Whip Big Ken and rolled to Harrys in San Jose . There was plenty of parking on the Street .  So I stashed Big Ken on the street and rolled in to Harrys .  I got into the Steam Table Line and ordered the Corn Beef and Cabbage and a Coke .  I paid by Visa Card . I rolled to the Area that was reserved by the Yelpers having the UYE .   I was fortunate to grab a seat with some of the Lovely Ladies of Yelp South bay _ Beth W , Elaine N and Noel M .   I dressed my Corn Beef up with some Hot Deli Mustard . It was quite Yummy the Corn Beef was very tender . The Cabbage , Carrots and Potato's were very filling and steamed to perfection.   Conversation was very nice at the Table.   Noel M surprised the table and brought over 2 Slices of Chocolate Cake for everyone to share . What a Sweet treat. Thanks Noel :0)  Harrys is Self Serve and has plenty of Seating and a Full Bar.  

                Five stars for all the times I have been here over the past 15 years. However, today I was unhappy because of the City of San Jose switching to paper bags. When I got home with my food, I realized that the lasagna had leaked out on the paper bag and gotten on my seats! :-( Bad City of San Jose!! I will bring a plastic bag from home next time.  That aside, Harry's is a wonderful place to dine, lots of comfort food and huge portions. You will not leave there hungry! I especially love their turkey dinners and spinach lasagna (L served a couple of times every week). The staff are all very friendly and nice too.  

                Came by this place for the first time because a couple of my friends suggested to go here because they were craving thanksgiving food. I was surprised at how busy this place was, it kind of reminded me of a cafeteria because the way they served their food it was already pre-cooked . I got the prime rib w/ Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes & macaroni salad. It cost about $20... The food was mediocre and okay... Not to good in my opinion because I wanted medium rare for my prime rib but it wasn't... Overall you can't go wrong w/ their beer!  

                How fun would it be to have a game of thrones themed wedding here?   This place is huge so it is great for large parties and groups of friends. The food is served cafeteria style so you don't have to deal with fighting for the bill or dividing up the bill at the end of the meal.   Food items included:  Bratwurst (light colored sausage) Frankfurters  Sauerkraut (more sour than the kind I've had from jars) German potatoes (very unique flavor)  Roast beef  Mashed potatoes with tons of gravy  Super dense stuffing  Turkey legs (juicy but not as meaty as the Disneyland kind) Roasted chicken Veal Baked Mac and cheese (reminds me of the KFC kind)  Enchiladas  Carrot cake Pie Salads Sourdough or wheat bread rolls (both were eh)  And tons of beers including kwok and raspberry lambic on tap ($6).   They also have horse radish and three different mustard types on the table for you. This includes a deli mustard and a sweet and spicy mustard.   The decor is German bar ish. There's stained glass and wood beams on the walls as well as steins on shelves and a bunch of international flags that hang from the ceilings.   The lobby area has deer heads as wall decor and candy machines for the kids. It's definitely a casual environment for informal dinners and a beer.  

                So I get home....ask Hubs what he's in the mood for dinner-wise. One word "meat". So I start perusing Yelp to find some decent options.   Been to hofbraus before, so kinda used to the cafeteria style line, meat carvery stations, etc. We had pretty much decided on dinners. The roast beef plate for me, hubs opted for the tri-tip plate. Holy MOO-MOOs that was some meat!! Awesome!! And we both chose mashed taters/gravy and a green salad for side. We also got sucked in to trying the clam chowder-it was Friday and I'd decided to go all out. Wow was it good. Very generous with the gravy, over the potatoes...SO good!   Roast beef plate was an entire plate of yummy meaty deliciousness. The tri tip was cooked perfectly. The ranch dressing was so well seasoned. Definitely did not tastelike a store-bought. The mashed potatoes and gravy were perfect self-indulgence.   I ended up taking much home, and enjoying it for breakfast the next day.   That clam chowder was a creamy, heavenly, perfectly seasoned bowl of happiness.   I believe I will be going back---very, very soon.  

                We have been to Harry's Hofbrau a few times since we moved to San Jose.  My boyfriend really likes the corned beef dinner and the beef tips pasta, and I enjoy the pastrami melt on rye and the corned beef sandwich on tiger bread.  

                I can not possibly say enough good things about this place. Thanksgiving is my favorite meal of the year. Here I can have an amazing Thanksgiving meal any day of the year. The turkey is always moist, never dried out. Love the mashed potatoes. The stuffing is soo good I seriously thought about buying some for our last Thanksgiving meal instead of making my own. Also the pesto pasta salad is great.  

                I am not a fan of this place but for some odd reason my husband likes it so once in a while he persuades me to go. The food is very bland and I don't like the cafeteria style of eating.  

                This place is great for a man date location.  You know how I can sell you guys on that?  It specializes in HUGE JUICY MEATS and BEERS.  I am not a huge meat person but I myself favored the banana cream pies, food sides, and ciders.   I wasn't a huge fan because I didn't fancy the idea of a cafeteria style restaurant.  But, my fiance loved it to the max.  I think he is planning some man dates as I type lol.    Have fun :)  

                Suck Always ran out of favorite by 7:30  

                I guess this is where I'll come if I'm craving prime rib, but only on Saturdays, because that's when they have it.   This place is pretty unique. The way they serve their food is like a lunch line. You tell them what you want, and they put it on your tray for you. You pay at the end of the line. The decor makes me feel like I'm on vacation. It particularly reminded of the Excalibur in Vegas, LOL.  They have a huge selection of carved meats, and sides. I ended up with the corn-beef, sauerkraut, mashed potatoes, and a roll. The food was pretty good, but not extraordinary. My boyfriend's prime rib was pretty tasty. His fried potatoes were dry though.  I'll definitely be back to try other things especially their selections of pie!  

                Nice environment for company event.  

                Fairly well done comfort food in a cafeteria-like setting. The line was relatively short when we went on weeknight around 630. I ordered the roast beef with au jus sauce with mashed potatoes and mac cheese as my sides. The beef was okay, but I didn't find it particularly special. I also prefer my red meat to be more rare than how they cooked theirs.  My friend ordered the dark meat turkey dinner which was served with gravy, stuffing, and cranberry sauce. I liked his food a lot better so I'll probably get that next time I come here. The portion size was okay, I could've eaten more but it was enough to satisfy me.  

                Once you get pass the dated look and realize that the same people that comes here for the spIit pea soup every Monday for the last 50 years. Then close your eyes. Open them. Clean them by rubbing your eyes. This is BEER heaven. I really just come here for the awesome craft beer selection. Their taps are rotating constantly and they always have something good that I want to try. The guy behind the counter who orders the beer is super knowledgable.  The food is okay, I only tried the roast beef sandwich. I like that they dip the sandwich in au jus.  Now I am always tempted to come here for a beer when I'm in the neighborhood.  

                Absolutely stellar carvery cuisine.  Meats are always flavorful,  and portions are robust. Wonderfully casual atmosphere and friendly staff. I always seem to get the best cuts when I come here, and can never leave without at least one hearty side. An absolutely mandatory stop whenever I am in the San Jose/Cupertino/Sunnyvale area.  

                Buffet style.  Wed night at 7 pm. Line moved fast. Great roast beef sandwich like french dip on fresh french bread with au jus (sp?). Choice of sides - salads etc.  Favorite part of evening was live Banjo music and german beer on tap. Can't wait to bring some friends next time!  

                Do people already call this place the 'Brau? If that's not a thing, can we make it one?   I don't know how I'd never been to Harry's Hofbrau before now, but it definitely has a special place in my heart after the first experience.   I think this place is probably best for grabbing a few beers, (5 stars for the legit craft tap selection!) but the food is mediocre at best (3 Stars?).   Stop in to share some beers with your pals, and enjoy those big leathery arm chairs.. Maybe even bring a game of Yahtzee to keep it exciting!  

                With a vast selection of hand carved meats, sides, and gravy to smother on everything (and I mean everything), the Brau is a legit spot.   And then there's the bar area, with padded seats, multiple TVs, and nearly 30 craft brews on tap. Just tell Jeremy what you like and he'll pour the good stuff. But be careful with those padded seats, they're a bit too comfy.   I think I may have just found the ideal place to watch the World Cup.  

                Harry's is a great place to come when you don't feel like cooking, and you don't know what to eat--- because all the food is laid out in front of you and you have so many great choices to choose from.  Their portions are pretty big too, so you get a good amount of food for the money you pay for it.    Best time to come is earlier in the day--- as the food just sits there throughout the day.  

                What can I say about this place? I've seen it so many times, yet never ventured in. Not sure why, but it reminds me of Las Vegas vacation where Chevy Chase and the cousin are getting food at the buffet. There's a lot of senior citizens here, and the food is cafeteria style. I decided on the turkey leg with mashed potatoes and gravy, hub got the sirloin tips and noodles.   It's comfort food, but not the best. I definitely prefer Boston market carved meats and sides over Harry's any day.  

                Keeping it short and sweet: must get the open-face roast beef sandwich. It won't disappoint!  

                it's okay i guess  i like sauerkraut and that cabbage thing  

