                Amazing black and blue burger. Delicious nachos. Cannot wait to come back!!  p.s. Saturday nights are karaoke night... SOLD  

                I walked in to Hey Misstir after watching Wild Tales at the Summerfield Cinema.  I wanted a beer and a burger and that is exactly what I got. I ordered a Double Bacon  Cheeseburger with Buffalo fries and a Kilt Lifter.  I sat at the bar where the Giants game and Warriors game were playing. The gentlemen next to me were great for a conversation about sports and other local spots to check out while I was waiting for my food. The burger that I order was an ample size. The men next to me warned me of its size, but I was ready for a challenge.   This was my first experience with buffalo fries and it was fantastic. Potato twists, buffalo sauce, and blue cheese are a great combination. I would go back for the food, ambiance, and people if I were in the area.  The crowd was amiable and made me feel welcome. My only concern was the bartender. I must preface this by saying that I am being critical here. I finished my food and beer and sat there for over 5 minutes before I was asked if I wanted another beer. By then my interested in drinking had waned, so I paid my tab and left. I watched her interact with other guests and she was doing a great job. It may just have been that I didn't  seem like I wanted anything, but I did have an empty glass and an empty plate for a while.  If you are looking for an intimate space with good food and good people, definitely take a trip to Hey Misstir Bar & Grill.  

                Good food and plenty of it!  Had the Black & Blue burger with sweet potato fries, and a garden salad.  The salad was fresh and crisp.  The burger was juicy and tasted great. The fries were hot and came with a chipotle dipping sauce.   The service was excellent. The waitress was friendly and attentive.   The atmosphere is VERY casual.  Just about all locals. It can get loud at times and the conversations can be for adults only.  I didn't mind but something to consider if your bringing kids.   Overall good food at a good price.  Casual atmosphere. Great place to hang out, have a beer, and eat good food.  

                We were looking for a location where we could have a beer and enjoy a good burger. It was our first time and we went with no expectations. We arrived and it seemed crowded there weren't many tables however we found a spot. The server was friendly and attentive.  We were told they has clam chowder we ordered a cup, it was amazing, chunks of bacon, clams and potatoes in every bite. We had the jalapeño burger and the western burger. I got the homemade semi curly large wedge fries and my husband had the coleslaw. The burgers were HUGE, we could only eat half. This was a great experience and we are glad we tried it out!  They also serve breakfast on Saturdays!  

                I stumbled on this place one day I got off work early. So I decided to take my wife to lunch. We were in the mood for bar and grill type food so we thought we would give it try.  I went with a specialty burger. The burger was great, Cooked medium like I asked. The beef tasted fresh and quality. Nice large 1/2 pound patty I think weighed that much when it was cooked, it was big. I really liked the bun they used.   My wife went with the French dip (Prime Rib). She only ate half of it so I was able to enjoy it later in the day. We both really liked it.  You can upgrade your side. We did the garlic fries with ranch. They were excellent.  The waitress/bartender was very friendly and accomodating. I asked her what beer was on tap and she totally nailed it naming them off very quickly, it was almost hard to keep up. The prices are good too and the portions are large.  

                Came here while waiting for our car to be washed. I never knew this place existed and we were very happy with the service and food.  The burgers are huge & delicious, the chicken strips were perfectly fried and the fries are different and yummy. The ranch dressing was excellent along with the BBQ sauce & honey mustard.    We will definitely be back to try other items from the menu!  

                Somewhat reminds me of cheers. A lot of regulars who know each other. Tantra the bartender was the bomb. Super friendly and on top of her game. Even with every bar stool taken, she made sure everyone was taken care of.  

                I'm not usually a big fan of bar & grills as they normally don't have good enough food. However, Hey, Misstir have both great drinks and amazing food.   The atmosphere is wonderful, the staff are very friendly, and the quality of food is excellent. Everything is fresh and made in house, right down to the chicken tenders. Not only do they serve great food, the portions are big and the prices are reasonable.   This is a place that I would drive 2 hours for any day! (I live in Lathrop )  

                Our Server, Tantra, was sweet and quick as a bunny, and told us all about the daily/weekly goingson at the Bar and Grill. We felt welcome and right at home instantly. We tried the lumpia and the sliders and the garlic fries- all spectacular! And you just can't beat the happy hour prices. We will definitely be coming here again! And I am told they have karaoke :)  

                We live fairly close to this newer bar and haven't actually gone in to sit down (always get take-out) so I can't comment much on atmosphere or service. They are always friendly on the phone and their food has always been delicious!  We've tried the fish and chips, burgers, fries and Cobb salad (chicken on the salad was great). Surprisingly delicious and we had lower expectations since it was a bar... 4/5 because they can't seem to get their menu online and it makes it hard to order and try new things.  

                I don't like giving one star reviews, however last nights experience left a rather empty spot in my wallet. This review is not based on the food or spirits, but rather the lack of good business etiquette.  I've been to Hey Misters a couple of times......Just for a quick beer after work, and to catch the tail end of the Giants playing. Both occasions were quite pleasant. The beer was cold, the bartenders were friendly, and the  environment was low key.  Last night I decided to eat dinner there. I originally ordered the grilled vegetable sandwich, however the waitress came back from the kitchen saying, " we don't have the ingredients for that." (How do you not have veggies and bread at 7pm on Friday?) I ended up ordering something else and it came out surprisingly well. The bartender made me a sweet Hendricks and tonic. Dinner overall was rather satisfying................... That is until the bill came.  After plates were cleared and digestion was ready to set in, the waitress comes up to my table and plops a strange credit card on  it. She proceeds to say that this guy (name on the credit card) has my debit card. She states that she gave it to him on accident. She then tells me she doesn't know what to do. A chef comes out from the kitchen and she relays the incident to him. Saying that all night long she was given two cards and she gave one of them to the wrong person. Both were helpless on what the proper protocol was.  I ended up having to pay full price on my credit card. Only after my bill was paid did the waitress state can I get you a drink on the house? In her defense she did apologize, but when it comes to my money incompetence is no excuse.  Come on man, I pay you and you give my money to someone else. You can't comp like even 5% of the bill. Honestly I wouldn't have even taken it, but it's the principle of the situation.  So in conclusion: good bye debit card, and goodbye Hey Misters.   The just lost a loyal future customer, and a very generous tipper.  

                Went there with my wife to try out a local place. Inside, it is a typical sports bar setup. Can't comment on the menu as a whole, but the burgers were outstanding. My wife had an american style burger, and I had a western style with bacon. Large portions and very tasty. We will go back  

                This is the best dive bar in the area. Hands down best drinks in the area. The surprise of the night was the amazing food. This place is a diamond in the ruff. I really hate reviewing. it because I don't want it to get too busy. From drinks too the food top notch. Defiantly a dive bar, but that is what I love about it.  

                Have been a couple of times. Happy hour deals are great and good selection of draft beers.  Two delicious, crisp fish tacos for $5 with real live slices of avocado and crisp slaw are hard to beat as are the sweet potato waffle fries. Nothing fancy or intimate but good service and a casual place to catch up with friends in the neighborhood.  

                I've been here about 8 times. Love this place. Love their happy hour. Service is great. Food is great. Two thumbs up! Keep up the great work! Thanks guys!  

                I come here Sunday mornings/afternoons every couple weeks or so for acouple beers and some food. Daytime bartender is really sweet. Food is bomb especially the breakfast burrito. Be back soon!  

                This is sort of your run of the mill sports bar sort of restaurant bar. The food isn't bad. Good prices, lots of tv's, cheap drinks, pool tables. Draw backs are it's in a strip mall the space and layout is awkward and the crowd is sort of a mix that makes it feel pretty divey. If your looking for something simple and a good drink this isn't bad.  

                One of the best burgers I've ever had! French fries were also excellent. Bar had a good vibe and plenty food choices to choose from on the menu. Highly recommend them!!  

                We were visiting elderly parents at Spring Lake Village and looking for a place close by to watch Sunday Night Football. I found the reviews here and saw mixed positive and negative. We were willing to give it a try, and glad we did! We liked that it was small, but had a lot of nice TVs tuned to football and the World Series. The server was super efficient and said "you're welcome"....instead of the annoying "no problem" that you often get from servers. The food was good and very inexpensive! Where else can you get a domestic draft for $2.50 and a house wine for $4.?? (Happy hour) We will go back!  

                Good local joint. Better than average bar food,with a simple yet good menu and the Chef takes pride in his dishes. Cool thing is Chef imakes his own Lumpia. Oh and sweet bartender ladies and waitstaff w a helpful and attentive attitude. Good prices and GIANTs fans. Puts Flippy McDoucheside to shame. Glad it is here. Shout out to Lisa, Anna pronounced "AhhNahh"  (bartendresses) and "Jo" (waitress/bartendress) again very nice and attentive, actually  the reason Men even go to a Bar to watch sports and grab a bite in the First Place (dont kid yourself) ha, But truly Great Service with a smile, done well! All we can ask for in 2014 and beyond. I will patronize frequently.  

                Great first impression!! We decided to try out their happy hour tonight. We had several different appetizers and among them was handmade Lumpia. Service was also excellent which seems to be something that is fading fast in the industry.  

                Nice bartenders and the food is absolutely spectacular! I had the prime rib dip and was really impressed with how good it was compared to others I've tasted. Stop in if you get the chance!  

                Great food great service, good drink prices good tv area, but shabby karaoke and not enough room.  

                Stumbled across this place while waiting for my car to be washed. First impression, nothing special. Then Chuey the bar keep greeted  me first by introducing himself, then by asking me my name.  I ordered a pint and the bacon burger sliders. Food was awesome and at least 3 times Chuey checked in with me to see how everything was going. Each time calling me by my first name (as he did with every other patron). I encourage you to check this place out. It's worth a try. Service and food will not let you down!  

                I went here for a late lunch.  The bartender was very friendly.  There was a fairly large crowd in the bar area considering that it was around 2pm.  The place is strange.  The front half is an old Thai restaurant and is set up for sit down dining.  The back half is very much a neighborhood bar with pinball machines and a pool table.  You can tell that they just tore out the wall separating the two spaces and tried to make it work.  It makes for an rather interesting layout and look.  Overall I would say it is much more of a bar than a restaurant.  The service was ok.  The bartender was very friendly and was trying but he was split between trying to serve us (the only sit down table) and manage the bar.  He seems like is would make a much better bar tender than a waiter but was a nice guy.    The burgers were very good.  Not at all what you would expect giving the bar setting.  The bun was great.  Large, soft, and flavorful without over taking the meat or falling apart while eating.  The burgers itself was juicy and flavorful.  Fairly large and definitely worthwhile.    They also had a few Filipino items on the menu.  I saw a woman that looked Filipino helping out in the kitchen.  I am not sure if she is the wife of the owner but I am assuming it is her influence that is responsible for the Filipino items.  We ordered the Lumpia for the kids and they were not very good.  The children ate them because they were greasy and came with a sweet sauce.  However, they had almost no filling and were really just cigarette sized sticks of fried wrappers.  Not worth the calories or the price.  While the burgers were good and the bartender was very friendly I can not recommend this place as a restaurant.  As a bar it seems like it might be great.  Good bar food and nice service.  As a sit down restaurant it just does not work.  

                Just heard about 'Hey Mister's bar and grill' while I was at Monti's a couple nights ago. A well respected bartender, Linda, that works there and I knew at another place was at Monti's and told me about it. Seemed like she knew everyone.   I love how the wait staff and bartenders move to different places and you can almost follow them - it's worth it if  they're good enough. She is. So my friend and I went there tonight and was pleased to find 2 bar stools free.   Julie was bartending this evening and she makes a great cocktail and has a sassy attitude - that I really enjoy.   They have a great happy hour - $2 for all beers - domestic and imported! $3.50 for well drinks, and a nice  assortment of appetizers for less than the menu. What's really great about this happy hour is it goes from  3pm - 7pm. Most Happy Hours in Santa Rosa end at 6pm. I don't know about you but I don't 'usually' start  drinking at 3pm, so I appreciate that it goes a bit later.   We had the fish taco's - fried cod w/ plenty of fresh veggie toppings, accompanied with jalapenos - you get  2 per order - quite delicious. Then we shared a serving of Pork Lumpia of all things - 6 are served - great  size for a discounted appetizer and really good. I will be back to try the many other delights.   They have a deal - one price for a cheeseburger with fries (good fries), a choice of 2 on a shot, AND a beer.  

                This place rocks! It really has all the elements that make a great neighborhood social bar/restaurant.  Large menu....EXCELLENT food, like what dinner houses serve---not pub grub......nightly specials.....delicious beer-battered french fries.....friendly (and very cute) staff......pool tables......lots of screens for sports.......well stocked juke box, etc.  You walk in here a stranger, and you walk out a friend.  They remember.  :)  

                Well I'm torn. I feel like I should be giving a lower rating but they just opened so I'll give them 3 stars. Food was good/a little above average for a bar. Only problem was that the middle of our risotto balls were frozen, yes frozen. No gooey mozzarella here, just frozen. Burgers were tasty, beer selection is good, they have great happy hour deals too. Happy hour goes until 7pm, so it gives you a little more time after work to socialize.  

                I came to this place maybe 4 or 5 times when they were still very new. My first impression was great. Close to home, not too "downtownish" (blaring techno/dubstep while having kids spill their jaeger bombs on you). I the. Realized that different groups of people were feeling this place out and seeing if they wanted to make it "their bar". Then wouldn't know what to expect when you got there.   I then kind of stayed away after walking into a bunch of wannabe thugs trying to stare you down.   It's been quite some time since that. I went back this week to catch a warriors game and was happy to see it was back to the way I like it! Definitely not dead, but also not shoulder to shoulder. Had some incredible criss-cut sweet potato fries as well as some made in house garlic fries. VERY impressed! Good music and a good friendly vibe from all of the patrons and staff.   I'm hoping that this is now the norm and I don't have to question if I will stay past one drink in the future. Plus they stock Fernet Branca which is huge for me. If only there were more pool tables! Keep up the good work, guys.  

                For a neighborhood watering hole, their pub food is as good as it gets. Generous portions and reasonable pricing. The prime rib sandwich is excellent.  

                The food is good the wait staff is good the location is also really nice .  

                Great family run business.  Food was fresh and great.  Had a chance to speak to the owner who was very nice and beyond thankful for the business.  You don't get that type of service now a days.  I was surprised to hear that just about everything on the menu was made in house, none of this freezer bag junk like most places.  I had the reuben and it was fantastic.  Give this place a try, you will be pleasantly surprised.  

                Have eaten here about 8 times. Every meal has been awesome. Defiantly recommend you try it.  

                Awesome food, great service. I am always pleasantly surprised when i eat here because the food is consistently fresh and wonderful. less expensive than competitors too. they have Karaoke and a juke box! The bartenders are fast and remember your name. There are also two pool tables if you like playing pool. Check it out y'all  

                Great new little local bar. Been there 2 times for drinks once, and dinner Saturday.Very good hamburgers, cooked just right with great fries. Good deals on beer and cocktails every day. Offer a great happy hour. Also have specialty sandwiches. Very friendly staff. If you enjoy a good low key bar, we've got a good one in Rincon Valley.  

                My boyfriend and I had the fish taco appetizer. Great flavors. Fish was cooked perfectly. We split the patty melt and added au jus. (Great add on). We are happily stuffed. Loved it.  

                Great spot to catch any sporting event on tv, have a beer or cocktail and play pool. But the highlight is the food and awesome service.  Hey Misstir's has a very diverse menu and after speaking to John the owner and chef, I know how they do it.  He is very experienced in all cuisines. If your looking for grill food, they've got that as well. Very impressed with their daily special menu on Cinco de Mayo.  Wonderful experience and great food!  I highly recommend this gem in Rincon Valley.  

                I went to Hey Mister last night because I was housesitting for a friend and was looking for something nearby where I could grab a drink and take something home for dinner. The first thing that really impressed me was although VERY busy (the Giants game had just ended and it was Halloween weekend), as soon as I sat at the bar one of the bartenders said "hey man, be right with you". Just being acknowledged so quickly gave me a good feeling about the place. Next a female bartender came and took my order. I went with the Black & Blue burger and a vodka tonic while I waited. The music was cranked up but I was engaged in conversation with the bartender and a couple patrons within minutes. Very nice people and seemed to genuinely be happy I was there which was cool. As with any place that serves booze, I'm sure there are "off" nights with moronic patrons (referring to Dante's review) but this wasn't one of them. I did hear the bartenders talking briefly and one said to the other "much better vibe tonight right?". Anyway, my burger showed up after only about 10 minutes. I was thanked by name (meaning they pay attention) and went home. The burger was PERFECT. I asked for medium and that's what I got. Big and thick, LOTS of flavor from the bacon, caramelized onions and crumbles of blue cheese. The fries were excellent too.   I just feel when a place is doing something right, they deserve a good review. I'm sure I'll go back soon cause I really liked everything about it.  

                So my girlfriend and I decided to head over to this bar on a Saturday night at around 10PM to check out the scene. I present three facts about this place:  1. This is a full bar 2. They serve food 3. The patrons of this bar represent an evolutionary cul de sac in the human race and are a leading contributor as to why racism and stereotypes still exist today.  If you don't mind drinking a beer amidst the company of gangster white boys in a strip mall urban environment, then this place is where it's at.  This could be the hottest ticket in the universe.  If you are writing a book or are an anthropology student, the patrons of Hey Mister may provide you with enough case studies / material to keep you busy for the rest of your life.  I rest my case.  

                Hands down the most delicious new place for burgers in town,  a little cramped but worth it.  I've eaten here four times and it's consistently great.  I'm a hard ass who is a penny pincher and a half but I don't mind paying for this kind of deliciousness!  

