                I've moved to the East Bay earlier last year and have been hearing a lot about the hype around Homeroom. I tried Homeroom for the first time today and I wasn't disappointed. My boyfriend and I ordered the Garlic Mac and Cheese, Mexican Mac and Cheese, and Baked Brussels Sprouts.   Baked Brussels Sprouts with Bacon: I love brussels sprouts so I already knew I was going to love this dish before even trying it. Would definitely recommend.   Garlic Mac and Cheese: Great flavor, perfect amount of garlic. The added breadcrumbs are the cherry on top the dish (and for all mac and cheese dishes).   Mexican Mac and Cheese: I actually wasn't that big of a fan of the Mexican Mac and Cheese. It tasted alright. There were a lot of ingredients and a lot of things going on, but the flavor was still a little bland. It wasn't bad, but I don't think I'd be ordering it again.   Service: Taking into consideration how crazy busy this place this, the servers did not have to compromise their service. The servers were very attentive and very nice. They must be stressed with the number of customers they have to attend to, but they didn't show it.   I would definitely come here again. The next time I come, I would probably share a plate of Mac and Cheese with a friend and order more sides. Just because an entire plate of Mac and Cheese all for myself can get a bit heavy. :-)  

                Heard about this place through friends and thought I would check it out. Tons of mac n cheese options and a cute cafeteria like atmosphere. We opted for the Buffalo Mac and the Jalapeno Popper. I would say that is was good but honestly, its just glorified mac n cheese and if I wasn't so lazy I could make something similar at home.  I wouldn't be dying to come back here but I get how this place is so popular. It's like taking you back to your childhood days.  

                I can't believe there is a restaurant that makes only Mac N Cheese!!!  Finally tried this place out after people telling me for 3 three years how great this place was.   If you come here, you need to be: 1) Hella hungry 2) Really into Mac N Cheese 3) If not #1 try sharing with whoever you came with.  I was both #2 &3.  I tried the Smoked Bacon and the Garlic Mac N Cheese. Both were super delicious!!!  I looked at other people's plates and all the food was amazing.  You have the options of putting different toppings on your dish as well. Very large portions, so you get your money's worth.  Be prepared to wait for a table, since it looks like there is always a line if you come with more than one other person.  I must come back and try the other dishes as well as a dessert!  This restaurant you must try!  

                When I was told about Homeroom, I immedietly got excited. I mean, an entire place dedicated to Macaroni & Cheese. What doesn't sound just freaking amazing about that?   Our group of three decided not to wait for an individual table and instead sat at the giant community table directly in the middle of the restaurant. I have no issues eating shoulder to shoulder with strangers.   The menu is huge, with numerous variations of M&C, as well as an enourmous amount of extra toppings you can choose to add (at a cost of course). Don't want to go too crazy with your Mac? No worries. They do have traditional Mac & Cheese as well. Plus a lot of "healither" options to choose from.  I started with the buttermilk biscuit and honey butter. The honey butter was pretty delicious, but the biscuit was dryer than anything I have ever tasted. Not even the butter helped it sadly. Me being the spicy addict that I am, had to go with the Siracha Mac. The cheese of choice in this bad boy was Ghouda. Add scallions, ginger butter, with Siracha sauce and bread crumbs topping it. It was very delicious, rich and creamy. Ghouda cheese with macarnoi is a freaking match made in heaven. Not as good as the Gilroy Mac that I was able to try. If you are a garlic lover, then the Gilroy Mac was made for you.   On the menu each M&C is also paired with a beer or glass of wine. I ordered the ale that was paired on the menu with the Siracha Mac. It came in a mason jar and got me pretty buzzed by the end of the evening.   This place get's packed with a capital P, so be prepared to wait for a table or possibly sit at the community table with other customers like we did.  

                4.5  stars!!! For the love of all that is cheesy and good in the world! If you're a total cheese person and have even debated joining cheese of the month clubs (guilty!) then this is the place for you.   I've tried almost every mac and they're all DEEELISH!   Gilroy garlic Mac the goat Truffle mac Trailer mac Dungeness crab mac Bacon mac Mexican mac Jalapeño popper Mac (add bacon)  A thousands time yes to them all!  Service is kinda slow sometimes but that's only cause they're crazy busy. There are no reservations so you have to put your name down and wait it out.  I would try to find parking a little closer, the neighborhood is notorious for having people's cars broken into.   Til next time, LIVE.LAUGH.LOVE.EAT.REPEAT  

                Mind you, mac & cheese itself is <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbomb.com&s=bb4f996415a9c2f21137e27cfb68f439a48cec2652b53e9b50dd7e766dbe177e" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bomb.com</a> but the idea of adding all these great ingredients is ingenious!  Who the... how the...?? Mex mac was phenomenal but terrible to reheat.  Wussup lactose intolerance ?!! Ya'll best get that pepto... worth it!  

                You know you're an adult when you feel fine about having mac n cheese for breakfast.   Right? Maybe it's just me, but I can always throw down on some mac'n any time of the day or night. It's like an illness: I am addicted to mac n cheese. And luckily for me, boyfriend has been craving comfort food. So Sunday morning we dragged ourselves out of the house for just that, at none other than Homeroom. We wanted chicken and waffles kind of stuff, but after seeing some rave reviews for the mac'n, I knew we couldn't pass it up.  We ordered the Gilroy Garlic with breadcrumbs and it was uhhhhhh-mazing, definitely add bacon when you go, as I will do on my next visit. I had a beer/limeade mix which was decent, probably wouldn't get it again, but it was worth a try as I like beer and limeade.   I got the Mexican Scramble with homefries, he got some kind of cheese omelette. Def go for the mac, the other items were nothing special. Good service, cool ambiance, friendly staff. Good times, y'all.  

                oh my god. this is like comfort food/mac n cheese lover's dream. If i lived closer, i'd be here all the time and the gym half the time to try and workout all that delicious cheese and carbs.   Came here on a Sunday around 7pm and the wait was 30 minutes. Not bad since its super popular and the place wasnt too big. They had heat lamps and a couple chairs for people waiting. This place has such a hipster feel to it! It has slightly dim lighting, chalkboard drawings, community tables, bar stools...etc. If the restaurant wasnt so popular and packed, i'm sure a lot of people would choose this place to chill and drink.   My friend and I looked over the menus during our wait to try and choose the best and cheeeesiest bowl. The menu is awesome! Along the side each dish, they offer their opinion in which "add-on" is the best, as well as the pairings of beer and wine. When we got seated, we were given waters right away. I was sad they didnt have some of the specials i saw on Yelp, so we both ordered the Gilroy Garlic (rated the favorite), with extras of chicken, potato chips and baked bread crumbs. Be careful though, as extras/add-ons cost extra (25 cents - 2 dollar).   when the food finally came out.... omg. IT WAS SOOO GOOD!! PUT TAPATIO ON IT!!!! you wont regret it. Creamy silky texture of the cheese contrasted really well with the potato chips as well as the chicken. I INHALED THIS like i havent eaten for days. ...but i was only able to eat half bc its HUGE. I see most people had to take a part of theirs home. My friend said the food is like eating pasta, except the "sauce" is cheese.   Our waitress was super attentive as she checked up on us, making sure everything was going well, and made sure our water was filled. I was most definitely be back to try their other special menu items, as well as the DESSERT. I was waaayy too full to order, but i heard their homemade oreos and pies are too good to pass up  TIP: when you reheat leftovers, try and steam it instead of microwaving it. Microwaving it just hardens the cheese and doesnt melt it like steaming does  

                I love homeroom! And chances are that if you love mac n cheese you will too!   They have a bunch of salivating options of creamy cheesy pasta goodness (gluten free and vegan options available as well!). The food is pretty rich, I haven't seen anyone finish their mac n cheese despite how much they wanted to... with that said I think it's a fair price considering you get basically two meals!  I think my favorite mac n cheese is the Macximus. My friend ordered it with chicken and it was delectable! Was pretty much just like an artichoke dip in pasta form.  The Gilroy Garlic is simple but awesome as well. If you like crab their spicy crab roll is delicious too...It was their anniversary special but was pretty much their Exchange Student plus dungeness crab!  Last time we were here my boyfriend got their special truffle mac with bacon. He said that it wast bad but he didn't really care for the dish. I thought it was pretty good but could see it getting boring after a couple of bites and was probably my least favorite mac from here that I've tried..  My first time here I got the jalapeno mac with fried egg. It was good too, tasted just like a jalapeno popper in pasta form! This was my best friend's favorite mac n cheese here.   Got the banana cream pie... was a little misleading, was expecting a slice but was more like a pie in a jar. Despite that though it was absolutely delicious! Kind of wish my boyfriend and I didn't decide to share it because I would have gladly ate the thing to myself :3   Everyone that I've come here with has all had different favorites so it just goes to show what a solid menu they have! Highly recommended :D  

                Headed to Oakland from the South Bay Out to eat mac & cheese, I thought YAY!! My friend had gilroy garlic and it was a bit much, Eating smoky mac, I thought "man this choice is clutch!"  Real cool place, and a great staff too Outside or inside? pick what suits you Oh and there are beers, sides, and sweets, My next visit here I'll make room for new eats!  

                Wow! I mean as far as Mac & Cheese is concerned, this place knows what they are doing. After making way to big a deal about what to commit to, I finally settled on the Bacon and Cheese while my friend went with the Gilroy Garlic. Both were so damn good but such huge portions neither of us finished. We did however, split the Peanut Butter Pie. I'd have Yelper's comment about it so I made sure to try it. We split it and it was heaven on Earth. (If you're a peanut butter fan, it's a must do save room!) the don't serve Coke products but rather some local option. No refills. Our waiter was adorable and very attentive. It was a rather warm day and ice in our water was a special treat. Our waiter made sure we had refills too. Great afternoon carbo loading.  

                For my 100th review, I couldn't think of a better place to review. Homeroom specializes in my absolute favorite thing to eat and it truly earns a 5 star rating in my book.   I've been here twice now and it has yet to disappoint me. The wait can be long at times, but just grab a drink at the bar while you wait. Sitting at the bar allows you to be out of the cold and to catch glimpses of the cooks make delicious mac and cheese in the kitchen.   My favorite thus far is the Gilroy Mac w/ bacon and buttery breadcrumbs. Delicious is not even a good enough word to describe it. The portions are huge and it's enough for 2 meals. Most of the time I can't stop myself from eating most of it and later regret my decisions when the food coma hits.   I've also had the Dungeness Crab Mac and Ivy Leaguer: Truffle Mac and didn't really enjoy them as much as I enjoyed the Gilroy Mac. I don't suggest getting the Ivy Leaguer just because the thyme is really overpowering and you can barely taste the truffle. The dungeness crab mac is good, but a little too pricey for the amount of crab they add.   My love for mac and cheese is embodied in this restaurant and I'll be back to try the rest of the mac and cheeses offered. I only wish they opened a location in LA or even SF.  

                I can easily change the name of this establishment from Homeroom to Homerun! The Mac n cheese is definitely lux, decadent, and delicious. The sauce is creamy and there is plenty of it- no dry Mac here! And the flavors meld well- the siracha isn't just Mac with hot sauce. You can taste the ginger and garlic used to change the flavor profile for a more cheesy asian flare. The classic is just that- classic. It is comforting and just what you think of when you think of fancy Mac n cheese that you normally only have during the holidays or at a nice restaurant.   So why only 4-stars? Well a couple things. I know the restaurant is small and cramped and I love the option to sit outside, but the seating out front is very uncomfortable. The tables are crammed and after eating Mac n cheese and lord forbid one of their delicious desserts and I was afraid I would not be slender enough to find my way out of the tight seating arrangements. Another issue I had was the sign that welcomes you to a drink while you wait but then you are stuck by yourself at the door because you can't take your drink outside and there are so many people waiting that your dinning partners can't stand there with you while you have your drink. I ended up throwing my drink away bcz my daughter wanted me to carry her and I didn't feel comfortable prioritizing my hard cider over my kid! That was $7 down the garbage.   In sum, the Mac n cheese is rockin! They are delicious and creative. The options are varied to meet almost anyone's pallet. The desserts are awesome! We had the homemade Oreo cookie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a homemade caramel sauce. It was out of this world! We ordered two specialty mac & cheese, a side of minty peas, brussels sprouts with bacon, and dessert and only paid $44. Dinner in the city of Oakland, as you well may know, is not cheap so we were pleasantly surprised to get out less for under $50 and be happy! It's amazing! Definitely should give it a try....  

                First timer here...after completing a morning hike at Joaquin Miller Park in Oakland, and at the suggestion of my goddaughter, we decided on this place for lunch. They have a sandwich menu along with the variety of Mac n cheese plates. A Carboholic heaven indeed it is. Not that it is a bad thing. So I ordered the Dungeness Crab Mac n Cheese. I love a really good homemade baked Mac n cheese plate. This just didn't quite make the mark. For $15.95 for a plate of what labeled as dungeness crab mac n cheese, I expected to bite into some crab meat, and taste the sharpness of the cheese. Instead it was more of a creamy cheese sauce mixed with red bell peppers, macaroni and little to no detectable crab meat baked at a high temperature long enough to put a light toasting on the bread crumbs. Not that its a bad place, I've just had better and its just not for me!  

                Jacque C. is probably going to kill me for expressing this out here and not to her face last week, lol, but I really and truly was more than a little bummed that she recommended Homeroom for a Saturday lunch reunion with a mutual friend from high school.  Not only had various friends filled my ears with stories of how overrated they found HR's macaroni and cheese to be, but I held some pretty deep personal prejudices from the get-go.  You see, my mom makes AMAZING macaroni and cheese with Cracker Barrel extra sharp cheddar, al dente macaroni, and other things she'd kill me for telling you about, and I have just never been able to compliment another person's rendition without feeling like I'd need to spend an extra hour in the confessional... and I'm not even Catholic.  So it was with great reluctance that I found myself parking a block away from HR in a residential area (free parking!) at around 12:30 PM last Saturday.  I trudged to the noted hipster enclave and found the place packed and a waiting list already in order.  Jacque C. and our friend, Justin - aka - The Best Junior Prom Date Ever, had not yet arrived, so the hostess informed me that she would not be able to seat me just yet.  That was totally fine by me because it gave me an opportunity to check-in, snap some photos, and, y'know... expand the mental list of reasons why I was about to have the crummiest time ev-er.  First on the list?  Some outlandish rule about having to wait until your whole party is assembled before being seated.  Who does that?  (Side Note: I am being veryyy sarcastic.  Plz don't send me some flaming Yelp message, ok?)  Just when I got to reason #75, Jacque and Justin appeared, and a few minutes later, the hostess had us seated at a table for four inside.  Soon after, we are handed menus, napkins, forks, glasses, and a carafe filled with water.  After some deliberation, here's what we ordered:  Jacque - Macximus - 9.95 Greek-style mac with artichoke hearts, spinach, shallots and feta  Justin - Gilroy Mac - 9.25 Creamy gouda, sharp pecorino and just the right amount of roasted garlic  Me - Smokey Bacon Mac - 10.25 Rich and bold with smoked cheddar, jack cheese and bacon  I'll admit that I was so, so, SO very tempted to go with a non-mac option (they do exist!), but Justin said that he had been to HR three times and he really liked their mac.  In the end, I figured that since mac was what HR was known for, if I missed out on this opportunity by ordering, say, a sandwich, it would be almost akin to going to McDonald's for a salad instead of their pink slime chicken McNuggets.  Note... I almost made the mistake of going sans breadcrumbs, but after Jacque and Justin ordered their macs with it... well...  All in all, I'm glad I succumbed to it.  Thank you, peer pressure!  It wasn't too overwhelming at all, just a nice thin, finely-ground coating on top that added some texture and color.  Now Jacque is a pescatarian, Justin is a vegetarian, and I am a nomnomnom-nivore.  I was able to unfairly sample from both of their dishes... while keeping all that bacon-y goodness to myself.  Well, I actually only ended up being able to finish a measly one-third, and my younger brothers devoured the rest when I got home, but still.  Life is so, so unfair.  I really wish I could have shared it, though, because it was very good.  Maybe my expectations had me thinking HR was going to serve up some blue box-esque mac 'n cheese, but that's absolutely not what happened.  HR does an amazing job of creating a solid mac 'n cheese base that they then infuse with things like bacon, garlic, feta, etc.  Neither the mac base, nor the add-ins, dominate.  Instead, they work together to make for a great dish.  If I wasn't so full, I would have tried one of their desserts.  Homemade oreos?!  Yum!    I'm definitely looking forward to my next Homeroom experience!  

                Not gonna lie, probably the best mac and cheese I've ever had.  Interior was hipster-cute. Walls were mainly glass windows, which was nice because it allowed plenty of natural lighting into the restaurant. Menu's are simple and easy to read. I love that there are suggested add-ons for each item on their menu, takes  ordering to your personal taste to another level.  -- Macximus ($9.95) + Garlic Butter (+$1) -- Feta cheese with artichoke hearts, shallots, and spinach. Mmmm! I liked this one, it's light, yet still embodies enough cheesiness to satisfy the mac and cheese craving. I don't think garlic butter made much of a difference, however I think I would add bacon next time. If I were to come again, this would be my go-to!  -- Gilroy Garlic Mac ($9.25) + Bacon (+$2) + Breadcrumbs (+$0.50) -- Gouda and pecorino cheeses with roasted garlic to make this dish. Much heavier than the Macximus. Very yummy with the bacon and breadcrumbs, wouldn't have been the same without it. Bacon did make the dish even more glorified with sodium, so expect to drink lots of water (it's all worth it :D) haha.   Despite the cost, the mac and cheese is extremely good. Heavy, but galactically- awesome-cheesy-GOODNESS. I have noticed most people do not finish their orders of mac, expect to have a second meal from this ;). Which makes it more worth it!  TIP: Breadcrumbs. BREADCRUUUUMBS. Don't even second guess it!  

                Came here on a Sunday night thinking it wouldn't be so busy but I was wrong. The place is plastered with hipsters. We waited for about 25 mins for our table of 2.   Service was average. Didn't really come by to refill the water.  The atmosphere is pretty lowkey and causal. The cool thing was that we sat next to the members' card drawer that was made from the old school library card system. We didn't know but soon found out that you can fill out one of the old library search cards as a frequent buyer card. It's up to you to put your name and file it int drawer.   Anyways, onto the food. I had the Gilroy Max with added bacon and bread crumbs on top. Definitely tasty and hearty and good for sharing. I can't imagine eating that whole dish in one sitting. We also got the banana creme pie in the Mason jar. It's good but a bit too sweet for my liking. FYI a good selection of beer.   Bottom line- it's worth another trip when I have the craving.  

                One of the beast Mac and Cheese out there!  After wanting to go here for so long, I decided to drive out here for it and man was it worth it!  Came on a Tuesday night and it was pretty busy.  You gotta sign in at the door.  Luckily it took about 10min or less to seat 2 people for indoor and outdoor options.  We didn't mind sitting outdoors because they had heaters anyway so we were comfortable!    We ordered the Gilroy Garlic and Mexican, both with bread crumbs and bacon as extras.  I LOVE cheese, so I was already biased trying these dishes.  They were both good to me!  After eating a bit of both I couldn't decide which I liked better.  Idk how, but it was definitely filling for me.  I was only able to eat half of the dish then decided to bring the rest home.  It's served really hot and it just tasted amazing!  Overall, the waitress we had was nice, she knew we needed to-go boxes even before asking us which was funny.  Parking wasn't too bad since you can find some on the street in the neighborhoods.  What's nice is that they have their own to-go store down the street if you don't plan on dining.  The vibe of the place was chill too.  If you love mac and cheese, you definitely gotta try this place out!  

                I am constantly searching for the best gluten-free food in the Bay Area, and I regularly turn to Yelp and my fellow Yelpers' reviews to help me out.  When I read the glowing words of my gluten-less foodies about Homeroom's tasty mac and cheese, I had to listen.   That's because I've found that the GF reviewers tend to be right on the money when it comes to GF dining.  In this case, the GF chorus was right again.  Apparently, Homeroom is a popular dining destination for the glutenous and gluten-free folks alike.   And apparently, I got lucky each of the three times that I dined there (twice with a partner and once solo), as I missed the crowds each time and got a seat straight away!  My favorite cheesy selection? The Truffle Gouda Mac and Cheese with Grilled Broccoli, Mushrooms, Grilled Chicken, and Thyme! The gluten-free pasta that they make is right on. Excellent texture. Soaks up the cheese well. Plays nice with add-on veggies.  Also, try out their salad with a friend, to load up on the fiber before you load up on the carbs!  Heirloom Tomato Salad (when it's in season) or the House Salad with Creamy Buttermilk Dressing are a fresh start to the meal to come.  They even have gluten-free desserts baked by Triple Heart Bakery, which is owned by a former Homeroom employee. I tried the Strawberry Lemonade Custard Pie and loved every bite!  I'm also a big fan of their Iced Tea, and always ask for a to-go cup at the end of my meal.  What I *really* appreciated, was the *excellent* service that I received that merited a nice tip, when I was dining alone as a single female, sans a male to pick up the check. It was equal to that of dining ensemble. Big props.  *Tip: Dine early at 5 p.m. or late after 9:30 p.m. to avoid the crowds and get a table immediately.  *Tip: Try their salads and desserts too!  

                I am very glad I finally got to try this place out. I see pictures on IG all the time and I needed to see this place for myself.  This lovely hipster restaurant has a great casual ambiance. The first time I stepped inside, I was really liking the decor and the feel of the place. My party of three only waited about 20 minutes before they called our name. (Make sure you put your name down on the clipboard they have near the entrance or sometimes there is a host holding it.) The host asked us if we mind sitting at the communal table and we definitely didn't.   The menu is fairly straight-forward. You can read the descriptions of the various macs and pick what you desire from there. I ordered the Gilroy Mac and added chicken and spinach. My friend ordered the Mexican Mac and my boyfriend ordered the special for the night which was a Pesto Mac. Mmmmm delicious!  When our food came out, the cheesy goodness was piping hot. We were all excited and surprised by the size of the dish. I think that two people can share one if they aren't starving. The portions are pretty big. My mac was really delicious. And to be honest, I am not a big fan of cheese. Oh no. The truth came out! But despite my lack of love for cheese, this mac was really good. After a while though, the taste does get fairly boring. I wish I ordered brussel sprouts or something to change up the flavors. It just became very rich and overwhelming.  We all ended up taking our leftovers home. And we definitely left full. I will probably come back again if I am ever in the mood for some mac and cheese.  Some helpful hints? Be brave and be open for sitting at the communal table. It will get you seated faster and you can meet new people during your meal.  Also, if you don't want to eat there, Homeroom has a curbside pick-up.  Other than that, be creative with your mac and enjoy!  

                I love mac n cheese, so you can understand why this is like winning the jackpot for me. My go to is the gilroy garlic mac with breadcrumbs and bacon, bc why noy? It's not too strong on the garlic and has the perfect amout of cheesiness.  There will probably be a line to wait for a table, but don't be too scared of the wait, it took about 20 minutes for me to get a table for 2 and I was 10+ on the list!  

                Oh Homeroom, why life deal me a shitty hand by making me lactose intolerant at such a young age?   Don't worry, I came prepared with a lactaid pill! That being said, being lactose intolerant has made me accustomed to not consuming as much dairy, but here goes nothing with my review. First of all, according to the semi-uptight (but probably really tired) waitress/hostess, they stop accepting guests at 9:30.   I ordered The Foreign Exchange Student: Sriracha Mac (Creamy gouda, scallions, ginger butter and spicy sriracha). If you're a fan of spicy food, this mac n' cheese is not spicy that spicy. What's nice is they also recommend add-ons, along with wine and beer pairings.   Overall, the mac n' cheese was delicious, but I was also starving when we got here. Had I discovered this place years ago (before I became lactose intolerant) I'm sure the star rating would be higher.   Side note: chalk art is pretty cool  

                First of all?    This is a restaurant dedicated to mac & cheese in all its forms and creative varieties.  So, when my friend requested Homeroom for dinner to celebrate his recent election victory, I thought without hesitation--  Heck yes!  If there were a word that meant:  Omg-yes-please-now-immediately-I-want-to-go-to-­there, I would have said it.  But, due to the limitations of language, I was forced to settle for, "Uh...sure...that sounds fine."  Fine?  That was pretty much the understatement of the century.  Unless, you're thinking of the "fine" you use when describing Hugh Jackman as "mighty fine."    Then maybe fine is almost a strong enough word.    Maybe.  My people.  I love macaroni and cheese.  It's my favorite (in case that wasn't obvious at this point).  We arrived and were told there would be a bit of a wait.  They don't have a convenient waiting area inside but they did have chairs lined up the sidewalk so that you can sit outside while waiting (a nice gesture).  Once our table was ready and we were seated, I ordered their Trailer Mac.  Because, the idea of macaroni and cheese with chopped hotdogs mixed in was more than I could resist.    It was 1981 in a bowl.  In the very best sort of way.  Each bowl is baked individually, casserole style.  So, it comes out piping hot and fresh baked.  Also, one of my dining companions cannot tolerate gluten and any of their mac & cheese dishes can be made gluten free.    The kicker?    Their gluten free dishes are every bit as wonderful as those with gluten.  I don't know how this is even possible.  But, it's true.  The service is friendly and efficient and the atmosphere is cozy.  And, they offer wine suggestions for each dish, which I ordered the suggested wine and was pleased.  I don't know what more can be said.  Pasta, cheese, baked, delicious, the 80's, wine, Hugh Jackman, mighty fine.  I think that about covers it.  Get to it!  

                Do you like mac and cheese? Or pasta? Or cheese? If so, this is your spot! They've got their pasta doneness (al dente, thicker and heartier than your kraft variety) and cheese sauce creaminess down to perfection (more gooey cheese than milk base). The only misses were: (1) Price (your wallet might hurt, but at least you get leftovers from the huge portions) and (2) some questionable flavor combinations. Pasta dishes range from $9 - $16 dollars starting from your simple pasta with cheese to dungeness crab. There are also a multitude of add-ons. We only went with a bread topping (which is a must, unless you go with potato chips), but there are numerous varieties. When we return, we'll definitely be more adventurous (think bacon, egg, cauliflower, potato chips). Also, if you plan to return, make sure you ask for a stamp card--buy 10 mac and cheeses, get 1 free! Here's what we ordered:  1) Gilroy Garlic Mac - The BEST of the three we tried. Strong garlic flavor that jived well with the creaminess. It reminded me of good alfredo or garlic cheese fries. 2) Exchange Student (a.k.a. Sriracha) - Sort of a strange fusion to me... Pass 3) Dungeness Crab - For the most expensive mac it was a bit of a let down. Tastes like crab cake with tartar sauce. Lets just say if you're gonna get your mac and cheese fix, stick to the classics that go with cheese. The individual ingredients were good (fresh crab and such) but maybe not together. 4) Spicy Cauliflower - Tasty, oily, hint of cheese. Only disappointment was that it was crispy. 5) Banana Pudding - Cute container, clean/light flavors, nice chunks of banana. Too much caramel making it too sweet and the nilla wafers seem to have disintegrated sadly.  The three of us paid about $16 each before tip and left with about half serving size mac and cheeses. It was a short walk from the bart station (~8 min) and felt normally safe in broad daylight. Not a lot of street parking in the immediate vicinity though (it was all full at 1pm on a Sunday)  

                Going to Homeroom is more like having a class about eating macaroni and cheese. I like it!  If you come here with expectations of having the best mac n cheese while staring at everyone's food like it's the famine, you'll be reluctantly disappointed. It's just not amazing or mind-blowing. It won't change your life. However, Homeroom delivers good mac n cheese with the right concept in mind (i.e. adding and customizing to a certain extent). It will give you a fun and satisfying dining experience with excellent customer service.  If you're not scared of germs, share a plate. No one else here seems to like sharing but even if you do, you and your food companion won't finish this anyway.  The brussel sprouts in bacon bits were tasty. It satisfies those attempting to be healthy without compromising taste.  

                Cheese, mac, and toppings. Why wasn't I clever enough to open this place? Finally made it to Homeroom while visiting friends at Cal, and I can see the hype. The place is pretty out of the way, and there is always a line, but the line does go fast. Homeroom has about 10 varieties of mac and cheese for your cheese-loving self to choose from. I tried the special buffalo mac and cheese that was a delicious large plate of mac, cheese, buffalo sauce, chicken, scallions, all baked to perfection with some breadcrumbs. I heard the garlic one is better though, so I will have to come back and give it a shot.  

                I've been here a handful of times, and have had generally nice experiences. My last experience was pretty much on par with what I have come to expect.  I arrived with a couple friends, and wrote my name down on the waitlist (you fill it out yourself and the hostess uses it to seat). I waited about 30 minutes for a table for 3 (on a Wednesday night). We were seated outside under the heat lamps. I regretted agreeing to sit outside, as the heat lamps weren't quite enough to keep off the chill. I think they're sufficient for spring/summer nights though.  I ordered the mac of the month (the chili mac); I really enjoyed it. The flavors meshed well, and the spicy, tomato-y, cheesiness created a filling, almost chili-cheese experience that I very rarely get as a vegetarian. One friend ordered the ivy leaguer. It was a lot milder than I expected, but was still a delicious blend of calmer flavors; I would recommend breadcrumbs on this. The other friend ordered the gilroy mac with added broccoli. This one was an amazing base, but I feel one needs to add something like broccoli in order to make it feel more like a meal, rather than overloading on a side.  The service was, as always, decent. The waitstaff is polite, if a bit overloaded.  The cider tastes more like a beer than I'm used to (not much apple flavor). I wouldn't recommend the snakebite for that reason. The cider mostly gets drowned out. They do give recommendations on the menu for pairing drinks, which I think is nice.  

                For those who can't take that much cheese and dairy products- BEWARE.  For those who are lactose intolerant, I suggest you take 3-5 lactase pills or else the couple hours after will be extremely painful.  However, this place is good for those of you who love mac and cheese.  I tend not to like Mac and Cheese, so this review might be biased.  BUT, Homeroom is the only place where I'd eat Mac and Cheese.    Homeroom is...Mac and Cheese.  If you don't order Mac and Cheese, then there must be something wrong with you.  Think gourmet Mac and Cheese with all sorts of ingredients.    I've tried three of their dishes and my favorite is definitely the Gilroy Garlic.  Portions are huge, and my friends and I could barely finish ours.  I suggest splitting with your friends if you get sick of things easily (like me) or do not eat big portions.  I personally felt that one order was way too much for me.  Not only did I get sick of mac & cheese, but I also felt that it was too rich for me.    They also have pretty good alcoholic drinks, so you should try those!  

                I'm obsessed with mac & cheese, so this place is a dream! Be prepared to grub, the portions are generous and super filling...I've had leftovers every time. They offer a wide variety of options but I always find myself going back to the gilroy garlic. Gouda cheese with just the right amount of garlic!  Overall, there's no way mac lovers will be disappointed in this place. I mean...my cousins love it and they're lactose intolerant. That's sacrifice!  

                Mac and cheese needs, satisfied!  All the reviews do not lie, the big portions do fill you up quick, leaving you enough for the next day as well!  I suggest the Sriracha Mac with grilled chicken, oh. em. gee. Amazing.  The space is limited, so get there early and hope for a short wait, but I'm sure you'll enjoy your time with all the happy talk around you and quick service.  The only downside of my visit was my waitress being rude/very pushy. But with the constant flow of customers I can understand her rush.  

                Tip: If there's a long wait, they have a homeroom to-go down the street, but they have a $10 credit card charge.   I'm not a Mac 'n Cheese fanatic, but Homeroom has made me a believer. I came during their SF Beer-Mac Pairing week. Their menu tells you what to pair your mac with the appropriate beer/wine. I ordered the Smokey Bacon Mac with bread crumbs on top (extra 50 cent charge) with the Lucky Devil Belgian Ale. My friend ordered the Gilroy, I highly recommend! I understand now why it's their best seller. The portions are huge, we all were only able to finish half of our mac's. So, you could easily split one.  Overall, love the Mac's, the interior, and friendly staff.  FYI, they only split checks with max three cards.  

                Definitely good mac & cheese.  I like how the menu suggests wine/beer pairings for your mac.  It also suggests a topping.  Tip: portions are easily large enough to share between two people.  

                I have been a die-hard mac and cheese lover since birth. Trust me when I say Homeroom does NOT disappoint -- this specialty mac and cheese place has literally, hands down some of the best mac and cheese I have ever had the joy of eating.  The experience of eating at Homeroom is great. The ambiance/vibe is very hip. There's usually hoards of people waiting outside. I went today, on a beautiful Sunday afternoon, and wasn't surprised that there was a wait. But it was definitely bearable, and I knew it'd be worth it. Plus I don't think I've ever waited more than 20-30 minutes.  Aside from the Mac and cheese, Homeroom has some great beer, wine, and other beverage selections to go perfectly with your bowl. I chose the Sangria today, and it was perfect for a hot day. The alcohol really complements the mac and cheese quite well. I also tried the garlic potatoes as a side today. They were good, but not anything as life-alteringly special or amazing as the main event.  Now for the mac and cheese! Where to even begin? The selections are pretty much endless. With so many options and so many add-ons, there is a perfect bowl of Mac for everyone. I usually go for the Gilroy Garlic with whatever add-ons I'm feeling up for that day. Today I tried the Breakfast Mac, complete with bacon and fried egg. I added garlic butter and ugh, it was AMAZING. The portion size is huge too. I had to take some home with me!  This month, the special was the Chili Mac which my friend got and I took a bite of. Literally, it was so good that I would've eaten it all if I could (I tried). I want to go back this month specifically for my own bowl of this amazing mac and cheese. It would be awesome if this creation was added to the regular menu COUGH there's a hint, please take it Homeroom COUGH.   Overall, I have never had a negative experience at Homeroom. I think that the restaurant continues to get better with time. Each visit is more and more wonderful.  Thank you Homeroom, for serving some of the best mac and cheese ever!!  

                After all the hype about this place, I finally gave it a try! To be honest, I was disappointed with both the food and service.  My friend and I split the Gilroy Garlic and Macximus.   The Gilroy Garlic (most popular one) was definitely heavy on the garlic. We added chicken to it ($2 extra) and it left a weird lingering taste in my mouth. It was good but it was just so heavy. Although I enjoyed it more than the Macximus.  The Macximus had artichokes, spinach, and feta cheese in it. I definitely felt this was VERY heavy and couldn't eat much of it. Also, it was very very salty. Thankfully the Tapatio balanced out the flavors.    I recommend getting toasted breadcrumbs on top, that was definitely my favorite part of both dishes.   Now the service could DEFINITELY use some improvement. While we were seated immediately, we were served room temperature water on a hot day. Next, I asked for a straw from 2 different people and never even got it. Maybe I'm just being picky but I was not checked on at all during my meal and shouldn't have had to ask multiple people for just a straw (and never get it).   Overall, I am slightly disappointed over my experience at Homeroom but kudos to the idea!  

                Ordered togo because we were too tired to eat out after a long day at the beach. Finally just got home, ordered Homeroom on yelp, took a shower and went to go pick up our cheesy treats. I got the truffled mac n cheese and boyfriend got the gilroy garlic with bacon.  Both flavors were very good but I wish it was a bit more pungent. more truffle... more garlicky..   The pick up process was super fast and you don't even have to get out of your car. I really like that because we didn't have to spend time looking for parking and etc.   I will be back to order more take-out when I'm feeling lazy but want more than the standard chinese take out or pizza. Bonus points for closing at 10 so I have more time to lounge around before I get off my bum and order :D  

                I used to drive by here everyday and always see this place busy inside and outside. I am a fan of Mac & Cheese and wanted to try this place out. I ordered the Smokey Bacon Mac and added bread crumbs. This dish was nice and creamy. It brings out the kid in me because I ate alot of mac & cheese growing up. The place has a cool ambiance. Love that this place is in my neck of the woods. I will be visiting sometime in the near future.  

                Went here because I owed my wife a birthday dinner and she loooves Mac n cheese. So after some extensive researching, Homeroom came up as the best mac n cheese on the east bay and I was not let down. It was quite a long wait to get in but not too bad. We got seated and helped quickly and not too soon after we got our food. I got the one with crab in it and it was really good, although I was kind of wishing it'd be chunks of crab instead of shreds. She got the jalapeño Mac and it was really good, even I enjoyed it and I'm not really a jalapeño fan.  It even made a good leftover meal the next day.  

                My favorite place to cross the bay bridge and get some macaroni and cheese. Come on, this is a place devoted to Mac and cheese! How can it not be good! Scratch that. It's delicious. I'm a serious Mac and cheese junkie and this place has great combinations and add ons. The first one I tried was Macximus. It tasted just amazing; it tasted like artichoke dip. My friend got the Vermont one... And of course I had to steal some off his plate. It was so luscious and especially with the crispy breadcrumbs that were added on top!  Vermont cheese itself is to die for so just imagine a while bunch of it smothered with macaroni and perfectly melted. When I went the next time I got Gilroy Mac... Gouda and garlic. Just perfect! We added on breadcrumbs but I think this one needs some protein added to it so next time I'll definitely add something else to it. Now, the best part of this place is you can have gluten free pasta in your dish. It's perfect for me since I have gastroparesis and it can be hard having gluten. But hey, I won't lie, for this place I'll eat gluten off my friend'a dishes and bare with a stomach ache for a few hours. Worth it. The service can be hit or miss. There was this kind of short Latin man who waited on is last time after out original waiter guy bailed and he made the experience better. The Latin man totally sold the menu and knew how to pair what with what. I just love when people seem passionate about their job and seem to enjoy helping people. I'll be back Homeroom!  

                In case there aren't enough rave reviews of this place already, it's bloody amazing. Great food, good beers on tap, and great service.   The first time I came here, I was apprehensive. Tons of people had recommended it to me, but I was dismissive because I tend to rule such things off as fads. Then there's the price -- you get a lot of bang for your buck, but mac and cheese has never been something I've considered gourmet. Let me tell you, I was dead wrong. It was love at first bite. I proceeded to eat my way through an entire bowl (read "bucket") of macaroni straight into a food coma. My only complaint at that point was that I didn't have somebody around to carry me home.   These days, I'm a huge fan of the garlic mac and cheese. You can make it even more amazing by adding some of the toppings they have -- broccoli and bacon are my go-tos. Bonus points for adding baked breadcrumbs on top.  As a word to the wise, plan to go on off-times. This place is hella popular, so you may find yourself waiting in line for a while.  

                Came here right before the Warriors game on Tuesday. No wait, which was perfect since I had read reviews that said it gets packed.   For 4 of us, we tried 3 different types of Mac and cheese. We tried the Mexican with breadcrumbs.. The gilroy garlic with mushrooms, bacon, and breadcrumbs. And lastly, the gilroy garlic with bacon, spinach, and chicken. The last of the 3 was the most amazing! The other 2 were good, but my selection was outstanding! The portions are huge so we packed a good amount to bring home.   I can't wait to be back! I'm gonna attempt to recreate it at home but I'm sure it won't happen.  

