                Horatio's is one of those restaurants that is easy on the budget and extraordinary when it comes to crafting their food. The restaurant overlooks the marina and has beautiful views, making it quite romantic.   My boyfriend and I get the same thing whenever we come here: the crab dip! This dip is expertly prepared and has just the right amount of flavor. You can smell the different cheeses and crab too! The taste is amazing! I strongly recommend that you get this if you come here!   The service is always fast and the staff and waiters/waitresses are always friendly and nice. I'll continue to come back, just don't change your crab dip recipe!  

                I've had numerous meals at Horatio's and always found the food to be very good.  It features a big free parking lot and a view of the San Leandro marina.  Our server, Danica, was very professional, exremely experienced, and quite enthusiastic about her profession.  She recommended the artichoke dip which was good, and approved of my choice of the Broadway Pea salad which I happen to believe is excellent.  I order it every time I go to Horatio's.    I went for the prime rib and it was excellent.  Just perfect.  The mash and the veggies on the side were great too.  We were too full for dessert, but Danica brought over a small creme brulee which really hit the spot.    The only negative about Horatio's is that the decor is a bit tired.  It tries to give you the old British sailing ship look from Lord Nelson's era (hence the name of the restaurant).  It's old, tired, and dark.  Maybe others like this look and it is different.  

                Just came from happy hour at horatios to celebrate a friends birthday and was very satisfied.   Ordered the artichoke dip, oysters, sweet potato fries, buffalo wings and calamari. All on the happy hour menu so they were half off which is a pretty good deal considering the quality of the food. The menu is consisted mostly of seafood.   They were nice enough to give my friend a small creme brûlée with was very very good. Would come back anytime for the happy hour.  

                Appetizers were the best part of the meal.   We came here to celebrate one of our best friend's departure and she wanted steak! We did not make a reservation but was quickly seated enough though we had a big party (~14 people).  We got the Horatio's Tasting Sampler, Country Fried Calamari, and the Fresh Steamed Clams. Seriously, the Oven Roasted Crab & Artichoke Dip was the best!! Actually everything in the tasting sampler was good! They were a bit too salty though. The calamari was extremely disappointing. The pieces of the calamari were the size of pennies! There was probably more batter than meat on it. Oh and those clams, underwhelming. Not flavorful.  I personally ordered the Rock Salt Roasted Prime Rib and Grilled Salmon ($45.95). The Potato Gratin was the better part of the dish, even at that, it was still overly salted. I passed down pieces of the prime rib to the other end of the table, and no one was interested in tasting it. The salmon was dry and it was sitting in the prime rib "juices". Meh, for $46, you would think the plating would be better.   Overall, for the price they are charging I'd expect a better quality meal. But I'd order the Oven Roasted Crab & Artichoke Dip over and over again though! It was the best!  

                Great meal with an extensive menu of options! Came here after a business meeting with my sales staff and had a very good time. The place looks a bit like the inside of an old boat (in a good way), gives a nice aesthetic to the place, the views from the large windows into the marina are great as well with the boats and the city skyline looming in the back. We had reservations so there was no wait thankfully but at 5pm there was already a 30 minute wait, so im assuming the place is pretty popular. Once we sat down we immediately checked out the drink menu, great options, an array of different cocktails that anyone could enjoy as well as a good beer and wine listing. I got the cucumber smash and a classic mojito after that, both were strong and tasty. For appetizers I recommend the crab and artichoke dip, great texture and a hefty amount of crab, so good! For my entrée I decided to go with the rock salt prime rib. The presentation was impressive, juicy and great looking prime rib, only complaint was that it contained a ton of fat as you can see from my picture. I never mind fat on the outside of the meat but having this much in the center made it difficult to cut around and made the experience a bit annoying. The chunks of meat without the fat that I did eat were very tender. Overall I would recommend this place for a nice date or a business dinner, price is fair for the quality!  

                Was brought here for a brunch date and I really enjoyed the whole experience. Beautiful view, beautiful decor, and great service overall.  We were served small muffins while we waited for our order to come out. Might not have been a good idea to eat it though because it made me less hungry when my dish came. However, the free muffins were good!  I ordered the Pear Pudding French Toast. Though it didn't come out pretty looking, it was DELICIOUS. The hint of pear flavor was pleasant. I ended up not even dipping into the syrup at all as I found the french toast at the right level of sweetness the way it was served. Comes with potatoes (yum!), and a choice of bacon, Canadian bacon, or sausage. My friend chose the sausage for his order and I found it to be a little spicy, so I'm glad I went with the bacon!  Pretty good brunch option with close to Marina Park, just in case you need a good place to walk it off afterwards. :)  

                Lol, three times here in one month--it must be good! I came with Mr boyfriend and his family for his 30th birthday last night, and we had another fantastic dinner. He such with his usual: the king salmon with crab-stuffed prawns. I changed mine up again and chose the bacon-wrapped meatloaf. I haven't had meatloaf probably since I was in middle school, but man. It was fantastic! I think that will be my go-to meal here now. MmmmmMmmmm!  

                Nothing bad to say about this place! Servers & staff are always very attentive. Food is delicious & cooked to perfection. This is the best spot for happy hours or after work get togethers. Great view of the water. Just don't look too close at the water, it's pretty dirty! The overall view is beautiful. Plenty of space inside the restaurant. Good vibe!  

                The happy hour looks great for drinks and appetizers! I sat in the dining section for dinner  where I had a window seat of the marina. Great view!   The menu isn't too big but there are a lot of options to choose from. You can do seafood and meat together or separate or neither but they're all tasty.   The starter bread was a mixture of garlic and olive oil which was good. The crab and artichoke dip was amazing and that's a must for the appetizer! I had the rigatoni bolognese because I am a huge pasta fan! It was perfectly seasoned and delicious.  *the only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the workers from the kitchen were so loud, I heard their whole conversation and their loud crackling non stop & it was just 9pm, they weren't closed yet! I'm sure work is fun but tone it down until everyone is out!  

                This place gets a 5 star just because of their Cornbread Mac and Cheese (side). It is probably the best mac and cheese I have ever had- and I've had a lot.   Their prime rib (medium) was amazing as well. Nice, red and juicy!  Garlic bread- too die for! Huge portions of this amazing bread comes out when you order. Buttery, garlicly, perfect crunch when you bite it.   Excellent service for dinner! Great variety for dinner entrees.   Not super fancy decor, currently it is decorated nicely for Christmas. Has a nice view overlooking the water.   Want to come back and try their Happy Hour out- but bummed because the mac and cheese isn't on it.  When you pay your bill, your waitress will present you with their rewards program. 100 points for signing up, 1 point/$1 after that. 300 points= $25 dining credit, 500 points = $50 dining credit, etc. and the points are even valid when purchasing Happy hour.  

                Great staff!  I went here twice for lunch while staying at the hotel next door. Although I can't speak in great length about their food, the staff here was really friendly and prompt. We all enjoyed the food and the restaurant has a great view.  

                No prime rib.  I've come here twice, 10 months apart, to eat prime rib and I have failed to do so twice.  The first time I looked at the menu online and it saw it was only available weekends. I came on a Saturday night at 7:00 and they were almost perplexed with my request.  Alas there was no prime rib.  I had the NY steak instead which was average.    My second trip was at 8:00 on a Friday night.  This time I called ahead to confirm the had it and they did confirm.  The server happily took my order but returned a few minutes later to inform me they had ran out.  Disappointing considering it has a nice ambiance and decent draught selection.  

                I'm from Hayward so I've been going to Horatio's for dinner for years.  This past Sunday I went with 2 friends for brunch and $10 BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS. I wasn't sure what kind of brunch food they would have but it ended up being a pretty big menu. My friend and I got the Monte Cristo which is a sandwich with ham, turkey, and swiss cheese quick fried in corn flake batter, WITH a side of 4 crispy ass bacon strips and potatoes. It was amazing, and very filling. I only ate half the sandwich. They have 4 different flavors of mimosas. My favorite was the passion fruit pineapple. I will definitely be back here for brunch again.  

                Never been to Horatio's until I accepted a bartending position there. Fell in love with the staff, food, and drinks immediately.  I no longer work there but the staff is like family and the food is toooooo gooooood!!!  Cheers,  Favourite foods:  - Rigatoni Bolognese w/mushroom top  - Chicken Dijon  - Turkey Club Sandwich  - Horatio's Cut Prime Rib  - NY Peppersteak  *drool*  Helpful? click the [Helpful] button below  

                Been here with small parties and large groups, the service has stayed steadily alright every time I have gone, but the food fluctuates.  The artichoke dip is always really good as well as the creme brulee, but the entrees are a mix up. I recently ordered the bacon wrapped meatloaf and it came with a RIDICULOUS amount of pepper/spices on it that you could not even taste the food. Half of my table ordered it and we all agreed it was like eating spoonfuls of seasoning, gross.  And while some of their other dishes are good such as the chicken, I think that portions are small for the prices paid. I try to stay away from fancy places because of this factor; I like getting what I paid for.  This place isn't terrible, but it's definitely not what it is hyped up to be.  

                I came here for a work function (read: large group) and it was pre fixe meal, so I really can't comment on what they really had on the menu.    I got the braised short ribs as my option with a cesear salad.  We all got dessert which was a small slide of chocolate fudge cake with ice cream.  That three course worked for most of us.  Everyone was full and enjoyed their meal.  Service was great.  Everyone was super friendly.  The view out the window was so lovely.  Just staring at the marina, boats and water can make you enjoy any day.  

                Love coming here!! Great food and service, beautiful location and view. Every time we come here it's a pleasant experience. Also had my work Christmas party here and turned out very good.  

                Service was ok. The crab sandwich I used to get years ago isn't the same, it looked like they put some of the crab artichoke dip on it with some cheese.  

                This place is in the Marina in San Leandro right on the water. (Yelp map is slightly off) with great sunset views and ample parking.  San Leandro is very industrial and near Oakland that sets records each year for crime, but this Marina seems very safe - I have worked here occasionally for decades and always feel safe in the Marina.  The only hazard perhaps are the wild Skunks that roam the parking lots occasionally - they know it's safe too and aren't very afraid of you (keeping their tails down).  The food is very good here but a bit overpriced.  I like the steaks. The appetizers are very good.  Since there are few alternative good restaurants around this area, it can get crowed - making a reservation is a good way to go.  AND it's in a place where you can feel safe at night in town.  

                Awesome atmosphere! Loved the seafood in my fettuccine , but I've tasted better...... overall the dishes were awesome! And my waiter Kathy! Was beyond the best! I Would come back! Loved the calamari! And to end the night with a key lime pie! We will be back soon!  

                They use to have happy hour all day on Saturdays.. what happened?  We came for the happy hour but had brunch instead since happy hour didn't start till 4pm. The steak crab sliders were ok, we asked for medium and it came well done and quite dry. $10 unlimited mimosas made it a lil bit better.  They keep changing the menu around and removing the best dishes that I've loved through the years so I'm disappointed about that. But their meatloaf was on point this day, moist, flavorful, delicious served with freshly cooked veggies & Asiago fries.   Or server was sweet, she slipped a lil by forgetting a few things that we asked for but she made up for it. We sat outside and the weather was amazing this day.  

                Just experienced one of the best meals of my life -- in any country! Everyone knows the crab and artichoke dip here is to die for. Don't need to go into that. But today I tried the Roasted Pork Osso Bucco with Caramelized Apple Risotto and Grilled Asparagus and I thought I had died and gone to heaven. The meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked, fell off the bone and melted in my mouth. The risotto was absolutely divine. Never experienced anything like it. As always, I finished with the Warm Pear Bread Pudding and it was superb. Add in Greg -- the BEST WAITER EVER -- and it was truly an amazing experience. Love this place. Trying to justify going back there tomorrow...  

                Yes! Good seafood. Definitely some great crab dip. Nice, laid back, casual seafood spot if you are hungry but you're not trying to do too much. Come in the daytime to enjoy being on the water. Also, they have great happy hour prices on appetizers all evening (until close I think).  

                Came for happy hour and had a great experience. Not only was my waitress attentive but the crap  and artichoke dip and drinks were on point! The best dip by far and the apple drop was really good. Since I work close to this location, it will definitely be a happy hour go-to almost every Friday.  

                We live nearby and have enjoyed Horatio's several times in the past, however, Saturday, Feb 14th, Valentines day was a horrible dinning experience for us.    Once seated, our waiter came over and took our order.  We felt sorry for the young man because clearly there was not enough staff to handle the busy lunch crowd for the second busiest restaurant day of the year.  We never saw any busboys, our water glasses and ice tea glasses sat empty for nearly 15 minutes, the food was disappointing and very expensive for the small portions that you received.  My wife ordered a Louie Seafood Salad for $24.95 which included one prawn, lots of lettuce and bottled or canned artichokes.  I'm sorry, but for that price I expect everything to be fresh and it wasn't.  I ordered a bowl of clam chowder for $8.95 and when it was delivered I found the bowl was not even half full and soup was very salty. Our ice teas were $3.95 each which just added to the insult.    We eat regularly at the wharf in Monterey where the food is fresher, reasonably priced and you don't feel like you were just ripped off.   Sorry Horatio's no one likes to be gouged so we won't be coming back.  

                The place has a great view and it is kind of a fun theme. The food is so so. The Louie Salad was ok with a Salmon too cook (dry) and the rest of the seafood felt watery. Their French Dip was way too salty and the fries soggy.  On a positive note, the artichoke dip was good and the bloody mary bar was a good idea.   We came on a Sunday at 1.30 pm and saw many families which was pleasant to see as most people were very happy.   The service was very good. The executive chef sat us and the bartender explained to me how the bloody mary bar worked. Our server was super good and very nice.  We don't often go in that area but we might stop by again but only for appetizer and drinks that time.  

                This place is hella good....expensive but well worth it.  Service was fast and super friendly.  My daughter had the prime rib and salmon, her meal came with these au gratin potatoes that were the best I ever had.  I had the 16oz cut of prime rib and it was just as good as everything else. Oh yeah...we had their crab dip and that was perfection......we used a $50 dollar group on so that helped....  

                Used to be a great place, the remodel is horrible and the service is going down hill.  The old dark wood bar was beautiful now looks like I am Johnny Rockets, made the place cheap looking and average.   Place is getting sketchy most likely wont be back , what a waste of a view.  

                Came here for the Thanksgiving meal.Service was prompt and attentive. We didn't even have to ask for our lemonades to be refilled: the waiter saw our empty glasses and came with new ones.  The Thanksgiving turkey meals are very nicely done. The turkey was moist, the stuffing was good, the gravy was no joke. The hot bread with garlic butter is a must! Only thing I could recommend is that the dish come with more stuffing.  Great way to spend your Thanksgiving if you don't want to cook. Sure, it's pricy, but it's delicious and great service.  

                Been coming to Horatio's for special occasions with my parents for years now. Recently, we came to celebrate Thanksgiving-on Saturday the 29th. The place hasn't changed much, and there's a musty library smell to it...But it's nostalgic and the food and service NEVER disappoint. If Horatio's spruced up their venue a bit, they could be comparable to some of the swanky Bay Area eateries. I have to disagree with the reviews that state Horatio's is overrated and overpriced. The food is so Delicious with good sized portions. This past Saturday for Brunch, they gave complimentary blueberry muffins which were loved by all. I had the bottomless Mimosas..awesome and a steal at $10! For my entree, I chose the clams with the french fries. Clams perfectly steamed in a delicious garlic wine sauce! Served with amazing garlic bread for dipping. The fries absolutely tasty! I was able to try the breakfast potatoes, sausage, and bacon. All Yummy! Everyone loved their food, especially my parents who ordered fish dishes from the Chef's Special menu! Our waiter, Josh, never skipped a beat and was attentive with a great attitude for whatever we asked of him. Yay, Horatios! I'll be back!  

                Got a Gift card for Horatios for christmas and decided to try it out this weekend. Upon getting there we were ignored by both hostesses that were standing there and when one eventually noticed us she was EXTREMELY rude, wish I had gotten her name. All I know is that she had long dark hair and was working by the bar area on Saturday 12/27.  The food is way way way over priced, a char burger should not be $17 dollars! I will say that the warm brie appetizer is pretty delicious as well as the bread that they hand out at the beginning of your meal.   My boyfriend got the clam chowder and was rather disappointed with it, according to him there were some strange peppers in it that he wasn't a huge fan of. Also, the margaritas, although a good happy hour price ($6) tasted like they had no alcohol whatsoever and mine was pretty much all ice since I had it blended.   At the end of our experience, we kindly asked the same rude hostess to take a picture of us and she proceeded to say yes and then just stood there as we waited, so eventually we had to ask another patron. Needless to say, she either needs to be trained properly or fired.  

                Grabbed the Groupon deal for this place so hubs and I made a reservation for Sunday night. We were seated about 5 min or so. The place was packed for a Sunday night; it seems there was one party celebrating a birthday and another looked like a wedding reception. Lots of older people, too.  The food was a-ok. They were good but nothing to rave about and definitely not worth what we paid for. $100+tip for dinner for two and we didn't even get iced tea, just water. No coffee, no dessert either. If we did, would've cost another $50. Forget it.  The service was so-so. After raving about their drinks, the waitress didn't even bother to ask us what we would like to drink besides the two glasses of water that she brought over several minutes later. We thought we might choke on the bread before someone brought us some water. And then it took forever to get our bill. I get it, they were busy but...  Hubs wasn't impressed. No plans to go back. Ever. There are other places with better food and service. Don't mind paying for it as long as it's good.  

                I'm visiting the area on business, and since I don't know the area I had dinner here based on recommendations from my business partners. I'm glad I did. My first impression was the view of the yacht club and the bay. There was a beautiful sunset and we were seated along the window in order to enjoy the view.   Our server was Victor and he was extremely helpful in walking us through the menu. He explained the menu in detail and recommended the right wines. I had the Almond Crusted Mahi because it was one of the chef's specials. Very flavorful. For the salad, Victor recommended I try the blue cheese and the pea salad. I hate peas, but I went along with it. I'm glad I did. I actually like the pea salad better than the blue cheese. It had a very rich, creamy flavor.   Unfortunately I didn't have room for coffee or dessert, which I normally do at the more expensive restraints. I love to get the full dining experience. Victor shared with me that Horatio's has been around for about 37 years. I imagine this place is a staple for the area. For being around so long, this place has maintained its flavor for food and experience.  

                I'd never been here before and have had it on my list to try.  Since I was working in the neighborhood I came by for lunch.  When I walked in there was some confusion as to who was supposed to be the "Host".  Some complaining could be heard from some staff.  I was sat at a water view seat in the corner.  Once the waitress came over she was great.  Awesome service from her.  I started with the Lobster Bisque.  It was terrible.  The Lobster was a bit funky.    My entree was the Fettuccine with Cream Sauce and Grilled Chicken.  The cream sauce was border line too spicy for my delicate palate.  Chicken was tender and moist.    The portion was large and I got a box of leftovers.  Which I unfortunately left on the table and didn't realize until I was driving away.  The menu seems to be the same as Skates or Kincaids.  I asked the waitress and she said yes. So I was able to use my rewards card on this meal.  The food was mediocre at best.  How can a place have the same menu as another yet be so bad?  I dont know.  I think I would rather go to Kincaids.  

                Went on an anniversary date night with my boyfriend yesterday and had such an amazing experience! We had the groupon that took off $50 from our meal and so we got the buffalo wings from the happy hour, the cajun chicken pasta, steak and crab sliders, and the cod fish tacos! It is one of the restaurants on the pricer side, but you are paying for the quality and the portions are more than what I expected. Overall our bill was $58 for the dinner entrees and $10 for the wings which did not count towards the bill. So with the groupon we only had to pay $18. But we left $30 on the table because our waitress was adorable! I didn't catch her name but she's the slightly older waitress with black hair that's beautifully in a bun! She was extremely sweet and always came to check up on us.  

                What I tried:  coconut prawns - amazing! sweet and salty sauce, perfectly fried so it stayed crispy without being greasy.  oven roasted crab and artichoke dip - so creamy and delicious. flavors were just popping. served with toasted bread  grilled teriyaki tenderloins - super tender and juicy, some pieces were even medium rare grilled salmon sliders were so bomb! it had this artichoke aioli on it and pickled fennel. it was missing fried capers which was listed in the description :/ kinda bummed about that bananas foster sundae was also just as amazing. the butterscotch sauce made the dessert.  

                We loved the location on the water and the nautical theme of the restaurant is fun. Our server Amber was attentive and friendly. I watched the other servers and they seemed like a good team in general.    But the food was terrible and we both are leaving with instant heartburn. For the prices this place charges, they could do so much better.  

                We came for Father's Day lunch. I love the view at this place! They sat us promptly according to our reservation which was nice, but the bread came out just minutes before our food, so a bit pointless. Service was great considering how crowded it was.   The crab sandwich was way too rich. My turkey sandwich was a bit soggy (as were the fries). But the prime rib was really good.   This is a great place to come for a big dinner party, but it can be pricey. 4 stars for the experience, but knocking down to 3 for the soggy food- I hate soggy bread on my sandwich!  

                Horatio's has failed to keep up with the times.  Horatio's use to be an upscale place, now it just looks like an Apple Bee's.  I met some friends for Happy Hour and the food showed up before the two beers, poor service, prices are higher for the food yet the environment is just out dated.    Being an upscale place, they use to have a dress code, now any yahoo can walk in with shorts on. Use to be a place for special occasions, now it's just a typical run down, overpriced restaurant.   For $30 a plate dinner, I expect the front door not to be all worn down and scratched.  For $30 a plate I expect great service.  

                I've been eating at Horatio's since the early 80's.  Being from San Leandro, this was one of the requisit places to have prom or pre-dance dinners.    Having said that, I still adore Horatio's.  While I do *wish* they still offered Beef Wellington, I'll accept the other wonderful menu choices they have added over the years.  I love the apps and drink menu and the wine offerings are great as well.  The restaurant is a bit dated, but it adds to the overall charm, and if you have been dining here for 30 years, it's like stepping back in time.    Was there most recently for our wedding anniversary and it was a perfect night with great food and wine, a complimentary Burnt Cream (to DIE for) and lovely service without being overbearing.  My favorite has to be the Caeser; I don't know how they make their dressing, but it's so tangy and yummy!  Scallops were on point (the breading, eh, but they were cooked perfectly) and the hubs raved over his short rib ravioli.    Never a bad meal or a bad time at Horatio's.  Will hopefully be dining here for another 30 years!  

