                Got 3 delicious banh mi sandwiches here for under $10. Yup, ya gotta love it. That is tough to beat and they got me good!   This Huong Lan location is cash only but the Milpitas location accepts card.  

                WOW WOW WEEEWOW!   I visited here with the boyfriend on Sunday for lunch. As soon as I walked through the doors, I knew I was in for a treat.  We ordered the following: - 2 #7 grilled pork with extra meat  - 1 #5 bbq pork with extra meat  - spring rolls - a Vietnamese coffee  The number #7 grilled pork was INCREDIBLE. The bread was warm and soft. The veggies had great texture and were uber fresh! The meat had amazing flavor. THANK GOD I ordered extra meat. Thanks fellow yelpers for tip. I echo the same sentiment regarding mo meat!   The number #5 was good and worth trying but the grilled pork has my vote.  The spring rolls were better than most places but $6 compared to the $4 sandwiches (including extra meat) doesn't make the cut. Next time I'd opt for just the sandwich.  The Vietnamese coffee packs a serious punch. LOVED it. If you're a fan, definitely try it.  We gave this spot 5 stars which is a rarity. Food and prices are AMAZING! We definitely will be back. :)  

                Yum! I love Vietnamese sandwiches and this is probably my go-to from now on. There's a closer location to me, but this is their first branch and it's definitely the best branch. It is definitely worth driving here from Fremont to get some delicious sandwiches!  Like most places that sell Vietnamese sandwiches, there are a lot of variety in terms of what you want on the sandwich. Most are pretty standard, like the grilled pork, ham, and etc. You honestly can't go wrong with anything on that menu.   I got the pork one (#2) and it was so good! Although I'm a little sad on the meat to veggie ratio, I can look past that. It's still very delicious! That bread though. It's so fresh, so crunchy, so flakey, it's the best!   This place probably has the best Vietnamese sandwiches I've ever had. I will be coming back whenever I'm craving!  

                I had a craving for bahn mi while in San Jose and was led here by Yelp only to discover I had found a place that served some of my favorite childhood snacks all under one roof.   I was SO EXCITED when I saw that they served AVOCADO SHAKE [4*]!! My husband, who's ancestors hailed from Mexico, seems to think I'm extremely weird for ever seeing avocado as something that could be sweetened or consumed as a dessert. (Because guacamole.) Well, that works out just fine for me..... because while we usually like to share food/drinks at new eateries to be able to try a larger variety of things, I was NOT planning on sharing my pearly and perfectly mildly-sweetened Avocado Shake. Plus, we also got some delicious pearly THAI TEA [4*] that I WAS willing to share. ;-)  As far as the food, I tried the THIG NGUOI (ham, pate, headcheese) bahn mi [3.5*] and BBQ PORK bahn mi [3*]. Before I asked my husband to place the order for the thig nguoi as I hung out with my tot, I read on another Yelper's review that it would include pig's ears (noms) as opposed to headcheese. They may have changed their menu since then because ... nope. Still, it was a good sandwich. I just wish I would've paid an extra $0.75 for more meat because the ratios were a bit off for me. There was too much veggie, pickles (delicious and not too sweet), and bread for the amount of meat in the bahn mi. I would've also preferred a little more of their sauce. I generally felt the same way about the BBQ PORK bahn mi that I also tried. The PATE CHAUD [3.5*] was a good snack with a crumbly and light shell and a tasty filling.  They also sold a variety of other drinks, desserts, puddings, and snacks I commonly found in small bakeries or roadside stalls back home in Indonesia. What a blast..... (from the past!) *snort-chuckle*  And most things were under $3.50!  KEY TAKEAWAYS: * Get extra meat because you get A LOT of bread and veggies. * Order the avocado shake.  ________________  3/5/15   I just went back there today for lunch, mostly because I wanted more AVOCADO SHAKE [4*]. This time, I ordered the THIT NUONG (grilled pork) bahn mi with extra meat and added pate [4.5*]. I also ordered a snack pack that included BAHN IT TRAN [3*] (sticky rice dumpling filled with beans) & BAHN BOT LOC [2.5*] (transparent shrimp dumplings). This time, the bahn mi was just perfect. I just loved how much meat it came with relative to the veggies and bread. I was not a fan of the bahn bot loc, which was filled with not just the shrimp meat but also its shell.  

                Huong Lan is my favorite Vietnamese sandwich/snack shop in San Jose. It's located in a sketchy strip mall and there's usually some sort of random happenings in the parking lot (random car "repairs") and few homeless folks as well.  Vietnamese Sandwich - Bread is super fresh and crunchy. - Meat portions are okay. Extra meat for $.75 more! - Light portion of vegetables too!  Banh Cuon - Very thin and fresh rice noodles wrapped in peppered ground pork. - Comes with a side of meatloaf!  Nem Nuong - Collection of fresh rolls that are always super fresh. 2 or 3 counts that are priced accordingly!  They also have a variety of other snacks including grilled pork wrapped in thin vermicelli, vermicelli/broken rice with grilled BBQ pork on top. Even their fried egg rolls are decent here too!  Service is friendly and they're cash only. They do provide receipts! :)  

                Great if you need something quick, or to have on hand, whenever hunger strikes. Of course, there are other similar joints but this is my favorite because of their sandwiches. The meats they use just taste better and their baguette crust is not too hard nor soft. That means it is good to eat immediately or and can still toaster-oven without drying it out.  I always get something for late night snacking and for next day breakfast/lunch, usually extras for a other days meals. The variety of items and at different portion sizes allow you to have as little or as much food as you want (you can order large food trays too). There are many tables if you want to eat-in too.  Bonus:  A VNese "banh mi": (<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nytimes.com%2Fimagepages%2F2009%2F04%2F07%2Fdining%2F08banh.5.ready.html&s=4e4d99943a78552e93f77ae55ceea0904714826df3b5550d78b2316a0555fe51" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">nytimes.com/imagepages/2…</a>).  SF Bay Area "banh mi" map (<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2FBayAreaBanhMi&s=598884f190e7d1cbae95dc23ef9956616c179ada372f9ef5658ee30e3d560e03" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">tinyurl.com/BayAreaBanhMi</a>).  

                Huong Lan means "Spring Orchid", which I gathered from the Chinese characters on the wrapper. The food, value, and service is a solid 4-stars. $3.25 (including tax) is already pretty a good value for Banh Mi in America. You get coriander, peanuts, jalapeno, carrot, daikon, and onion in every sandwich. I got the #7 Grilled Pork because all my friends on Yelp were getting it. The French bread was crispy and filling. I don't have any complaints, it's a pretty good deal for a sandwich if you're in the area.  Huong Lan has refrigerators for any drinks you could want, pre-made bento boxes, and spring rolls. There are also these triangular onigiri-looking things wrapped in banana leaves. I think they have extensive representation of Vietnamese food. However, the decoration is really Buddhist. I saw a small portable shrine with joss sticks next to the koi pond, a golden Buddha statue,  and posters of quotes from Buddha's teachings in Vietnamese and English. The staff all look really hardworking. It's like a microcosm of Vietnam in Huong Lan, which can be a little daunting to an American-ized Yelper like myself.  

                Got a Bbq pork sandwich with extra pate. It's worth my way coming back for it. The sandwich was small but I could not finish the whole one. For tiny stomach, I would suggest cut it in half so that u can share with someone. Well, perhaps I was not hungry much that I only needed one bite or two of the sandwich.  Coffee was good but it didn't match my coffee preference. It was a little stronger than Lee's sandwiches coffee, if u know what i am talking about. If u like strong Viet coffee, coffee here is what u need  

                This is my favorite place to get a good ole banh mi sandwich. This place puts all other places to shame. I have been coming here since I was young and I even remember it when it was on Santa Clara street. I have been a loyal customer through and through. I love the fresh rolls, juicy meat, and attention to yummy details.  At first you might think I am crazy, but trust me. Give it a try and you will not be disappointed.  

                I was yelping on the way down to San Jose during my birthday last year. When a craving for banh mi hit, I found Huong lan. The traffic in this area is horrendous, but since it was my bday, the roommate agreed to stop by.  I decided to get the Bbq chicken with pate. The filling was super flavorful. I love it when the pickled veggies offer a great contrast to the chicken and creamy pate. The only thing I didn't care for was the bread. I like my bread to have a little bit of chew. I find Huong lan's bread too soft for my liking. But, since I normally don't eat all the bread, it wasn't a big deal to me.  The store also offers other Vietnamese prepared foods and items. Prices are good if you're watching your pocket book. Quick and delicious eats!  

                Veggie and meat options are both delicious.  The bread is perfect.  If you ask for extra pate, you will get a ton of pate.  The staff are friendly and the number ordering system is handy.  They also have a ton of grab and go items and drinks.  They also seem to have a god selection of Vietnamese desserts and pickles.  This place seems to have everything...even BBQ.  Prices are reasonable.   The ambiance leaves a little to be desired, but it's no-frills and easy to get what you need.  Can't beat reasonable prices, friendly staff, and delicious food.  

                Good selection of snacks, sweets, sticky rice offerings and solid sandwiches (even a vegetarian banh mi) for about $3. Enjoyed the sugar cane juice too. Pass on the veggie spring rolls- too dry. Fast service. Navigating the parking lot was a bit challenging but worth it.  

                Delicious, fresh Vietnamese sandwiches and other appetizers right off the freeway!  The ladies who work here are really nice, shockingly so for an Asian establishment, and were really helpful with my sammie order. The pickled veggies aren't too sweet and their pate and mayo are very flavorful (they have the best pate!). The bread is crispy crunch hard on the outside and super soft on the inside--perfection!  The prepackaged fresh stuff on the tables are good too.  Cash only.  Aand only bring a limited amount, 'else you'll end up buying way too much delicious food (like moi, oops).  

                Ready to start off your day by eating healthy. Pour yourself that bowl of Honey Bunches of Oats. Feeling somewhat satisfied but not really. Lunch time hits and you'z craving a healthy sandwich. Look inside the fridge. You can make yourself a healthy sandwich but....? Frickity frack tired of these motha f*@#* lunch meats. I can go to Subway, but I don't want to look like Jared (before or after).  Solution: HuongLan Sandwich * Best Viet Sandwiches in SJ * Roasted Ducks * Thit Nuong (Pork Loaf) * Roasted Quail * Spring Rolls * Pastries * GA LUI (Chicken Kabob)  My favorite: Veggie Tofu Sandwich  

                Best Huong Lan in town! Me and family mostly  just come here for the banh mi and sometimes the prepared foods that they have on the counter. We're not a fan of their deli and hot foods though, only because there are better places for those things.  Their banh mi are the perfect size, bread was warm and toasted. They give a lot of veggies which I love in a great banh mi. BANH MI PRO-TIP - ask for veggies on the side separately because you will always get more and your banh mi won't get soggy if you're not eating it right away! I always get number 1, banh mi thit nguoi (Viet ham). Banh mi ga cha bong (shredded chicken) is also good and banh mi thit nuong (grilled pork) too.   Like most Viet delis/sandwich places they have the usual prepared/ready to eat plates such as goi cuon (spring rolls - bi, nem, shrimp), banh beo, banh bot loc, and banh gio . What I like about Huong Lan is that they have a frozen/refrigerated section where you can buy like eggrolls, bi, nem, cooked fish, banh bot loc in bulk!  

                Banh Mi here is legit, not like Lee's sandwiches.  I love that they have so many options for Vietnamese snacks. I usually come here to stock up: che, sticky rice, buns, spring rolls, etc. They also have to go "meals" like com tam or banh cuon.   Very reasonable prices  In a big plaza with plenty of parking.  

                This place is awesome. I really love the banh mi they have here. The bread has that balance of being both soft and crunchy unlike lee's sandwiches which are just plain hard. The banh mi here are just so simple yet i can't make it at home. I will always love this place. Also i use to love coffee lovers, but the banh mi there is has too much fat in the meat. Thats why this place is the absolute best.  

                Huong Lan is a Vietnamese food store, that also makes sandwiches and has hot food. I came last week for the first time.   I ordered a Roasted Pork Bahn Mi and it was the best I've ever had. The meat was great and the cilantro, carrots, and jalapenos were really crisp and fresh. What put it over the top was the peanut spread on the bread. The only knock is the bread was really dry and tough.  I also got the green sticky coconut rice. It's was unreal. So good.   I got a fantastic sandwich and dessert  for under $5!  

                This place is so good! I came here 2 times the 3 days that I was in San Jose. You would think all viet sandwhiches are the same but no. This place is SO good. Sometimes the wait is a little long if there are huge orders ahead of you but otherwise not super long. Cash only so make sure you bring cash! They also have tons of other deli stuff that I wish I had time to try it all! All I had was their Banh Beo which was good!  

                The banh mi here is still excellent but somehow no longer as spectacular as I remember. The baguette was not beautifully crispy this time. The pickled vegetable was almost not sour enough. I had a roasted pork banh mi and I found the meat tasted rather sweet.  While the banh mi failed to truly impress, the pre-packaged to-go items were amazing as always. I had some freshly prepared Banh Bot Loc and Banh it that were totally fantastic.  

                I came again and had a bahn mi with extra meat.  There it is - perfection.  This place is great.  

                I'm not really a sandwich-kind-of-guy. But the idea of grilled pork, marinated vegetables, cilantro, fresh jalapeño slices piled on a crusted french roll is a pretty delicious exception to the rule.  After a taxing four-hour session of tattooing in San Jose, I had nothing on my mind but Banh Mi! Research suggested that Huong Lan Sandwich was the place to go...  Cash only, huge selection...this was expected. Yet what did surprise me were the low, low prices! If you've ever been around a trendy food truck or college-oriented hip fusion joint, you will concur that $6-$10 for a Banh Mi sandwich sounds quite normal.  #7 - Grilled Pork Sandwich: $2.99 [a yelp favorite, by a mile] #16 - Fried Egg Sandwich: $2.99  The fried egg Banh Mi wasn't actually on the menu...I learned of it from the manager of Orenchi Ramen [restaurant review coming soon] who has been a lifetime Huong Lan patron and was coincidentally getting tattooed at the same shop as I was.  With the sandwiches being as cheap as they were, I was compelled to purchase two and, while it may be shameful, I finished both in one car ride. But they where THAT good! Both sandwiches were delicious in their own sinful ways. The grilled pork had juicy and savory elements which married well with the crispness of the veg and bread. And who doesn't like a hearty, fried egg sandwich?!?!  In addition to the Banh Mi, I also brought home a heck-of-a-lot of roasted duck [review coming soon].  Never again will I be able to fork out a Hamilton for a Vietnamese Sandy. After experiencing Huong Lan, I now know what TRUE Banh Mi is and where to find it.  

                I think Huong Lan sandwiches are OK. However, I prefer my sandwiches on long french baguettes.   Not bad for a $3-4 meal. I usually order the combination sandwich with everything on it.  There are miscellaneous items, including Vietnamese desserts, but I tend to stick to just the sandwiches.   Not an ideal place to dine in--more grab and go! Perfect to bring these sandwiches to the beach or picnic.  

                I hope you see this review as you're driving by Tully, so you can make the decision to stop by there now. Don't waste your time reading paragraphs of potential flavors if it's worth your tummy and time!  The BBQ pork sandwich is easily 4 stars. When your meats are that flavorful, you don't need condiments to carry your sandwich. For $3, it makes Subway mayonnaise sandwiches look questionably edible.  Since my boss treated me to this on an empty stomach, my review is unfairly biased!  

                I'd be hard pressed to tell you exactly when the Vietnamese sandwich ("banh mi") became so chic, hip, cool, and cutting edge.  Huong Lan harkens back to a time where the banh mi was hella underground and known only inside San Jose and Orange County.    If you're new to the scene and need a guide to Huong Lan, select one or two of the following:  - the traditional banh mi (get it with extra meat and pate for a nominal fee) - xiu mai (vietnamese meatball sandwich - best if eaten hot) - thit nuong (BBQ pork sandwich) - thit nuong + xiu mai (Yes, this my own gluttinous, off-the-menu creation.  It's the meatballs smashed in with BBQ pork.  And yes, it's as glorious as it sounds.) - if you don't like having the pickled vegetables in your sandwich, you can always request to have it left in a separate container.    There are a lot of banh mi competitors vying for your hard earned dollar in San Jose.  For me, Huong Lan has always been consistent in quality.  The prices have gone up since Bill Clinton was president but are still fair compared to the American counterparts (Subways, Quizno's, and Lee's Sandwiches - yes, Lee's).  Huong Lan is my first option if I'm craving banh mi.  

                I have been on a quest for the best bahn mi in the Bay Area lately.  Houng Lan Sandwich is definitely the winner!  Generous size, crispy fresh baguettes, stuffed with great fillings.  The grilled pork is flavorful and the veggies have the right amount of pickling.  It's just so tasty, and for only $3, it's a great deal too!  The location is a little ghetto, with some homeless people hanging out around the store.  The inside, though, is clean and neat.  The lady behind the counter is also super sweet.  All in all, I just love their sandwich.  Will definitely be back...most likely many times!!  

                I grew up here eating at Huong Lan when it was in downtown San Ho! I remember when the sandwiches were $1 each and you buy 5 you get 1 free! Long gone were those days and now the sammaches are a whopping $3.24 a sandwich! I don't know how it doesn't break the bank!  This place is like a Vietnamese fast food haven! The difference between Vietnamese fast food versus  American fast food is that Vietnamese food is still healthy regardless! You get an array of fresh veggies to accompany your meal and everything is made all day long. The sandwiches are made to order and the pickled daikon and carrots brings me back to my fondest childhood memories. I always either get the Siu Mai or Char Siu sandwiches! I asked for extra pickled veggies, skip on the onion and go crazy on the fresh cilantro and the few pieces of fresh jalapeño round house kicks the sandwich! Their BBQ tit nuong isn't very good though compared to Thanh Huong. It's meat that's been processed so it's more like a hot dog style BBQ pork. Thanh Huong is where I go for the BBQ pork. Other than that I like all the fresh food they serve here and how it makes me feel nostalgic every time to revisit here and I want to buy one of everything cause it brings me back.. Their spring rolls aren't that great I think probably cause I can make way better but as a convenient cute for cravings is decent not the best but not the worst.  Definitely check it out for cheap fresh eats when you're in the area!  

                So two years later, quality has changed.  The bread is still good, but the four sandwiches I got were whatever.  The number one didn't have enough meat, and all I tasted was picked vegetables.  They totally skimped on the pate.  The shredded pork was so so.  I guess for $3.25, it's not that bad, but definitely no longer some of the best banh mi sandos I have had.  

                Very nasty cockroaches in milk tea stay away. I don't understand how you can continue to serve people.  

                Called them 6 times only to get hung up on 6 times! They can obviously hear me because my last 3 times I specifically asked, can you hear me? yes.   They don't understand english well enough so here is a 1 star for you  If you plan to call an order in or ask any catering related questions, have somebody who can speak Vietnamese do it for you.  

                Mine and my family's favorite place for sandwiches and Iced mochas! :) I recommend if you eat it later to ask for the vegetables on the side. They did get more expensive and less meat, but still worth the trip when I'm in the area.  

                You know this place is the bomb when it's; A) On some TV show, and B) My dad calls from over 2100 miles away and asks me if I have been there yet.  So I ask my dad for the address since he was struggling to say the name. As soon as he tells me it's off of Tully I ask if the cross street is King. "How did you know?" Well, maybe it's because I know my way around San Jose, and also because it's the BUSIEST intersection in all of San Jose, and I try at all costs to avoid it. But I go anyway, since food is my motivator.  The Bahn Mi was great! Nice warm bread with BBQ pork and all the fixings, and lived up to the hype. Very spacious indoors, and assume they need it for when it gets busy during lunch hours. (Note to those who are not familiar with this area -- it is wise NOT to come here during lunch hours, it is a madhouse parking lot when it is slow.) My husband and I sat inside and had the opportunity to watch one of the World Cup games while we ate, and poked around afterwards to check out all the impulse items of food you can grab al a carte.   My dad would have liked it, because he probably would've ordered the duck that was dangling in the glass enclosure right when you walk in.  

                Great little Viet food and sandwich shop. Banh mi here is pretty good, but not life-changing. I always get the classic #1 (at any Viet sandwich shop), which is usually some combination of pate and Vietnamese cold cut meats.   We also got soy sauce chicken and roasted pig. The roasted pig is chopped up a lot sloppier than some places, but the taste is solid. Nice and crispy skin like how it should be.  There are also a ton of packaged up Vietnamese sweets and even rice/noodle dishes like banh cuon. I can't vouch for those though, since we didn't try them. Cooked food sitting out at room temperature for hours freaks me out a bit.   I'll definitely drop by the next time I'm in the area!  

                $3.25 for a Vietnamese sandwich. Good deal for me because I honestly get full off of just one. Walking in here I felt like it was serious mini Vietnamese supermarket. They have fridges loaded with frozen choices, and tables lined with other instant food choices to go (ex, spring rolls and the cold noodles with pork and shrimp etc.). Off to the left you can order the cooked foods/lunch box items of one or two entrees with rice or something like that. And the right is where you order your sandwiches.   I couldn't help myself and grabbed one of the boxed noodles with pork and shrimp to snack on later on, and I'm glad I did because it was quite good. Price is about the same as a restaurant ($7.50 for a box). The sandwiches were pretty good in terms of flavor as well. I would recommend the grilled pork sandwich, which was what I ordered.    Do expect a line when you come though. It's apparently very popular.  

                If you're craving Vietnamese sandwiches, Huong Lan makes the best in East San Jose. I always like the classic combination ham, known as bánh mì thit nguoi, and the fact that they put on a lot of pâté helps prevent the bread from being too dry when you bite into it. Always a plus in my book.  I've also tried their bánh cay, and I like the spiciness of the snack. I would recommend heading in early for them because they're fried early and sell out pretty quickly.  Parking is in a small lot. The shop opens pretty early around 5am, which makes it perfect for those who have an early start to their day and want to swing by to grab a sandwich to-go for lunch.  

                Yummmmm grilled pork sandwich for $3!!!! BBQ pork sandwich for $3!!!! Avocado shake for $3.25! 2 rolls for $3! Not sure what this was, it was just okay.   Everything was a steal and delish.  

                Pretty much one of my favorite places for Vietnamese sandwiches and snacks. It's a way from my home, but I get for here whenever I pass by.  

                Most succulent roast duck and crispy skin pork we have ever had. Long lines but they move quickly. Cash only. Great banh mi sandwiches for only $3.25!  

                I really wanted to like this place because it had such great yelp reviews...but......  Tried their sandwich, I didn't think it was anything special, a little too bready for me.  I also ordered their duck, it was probably the fattest duck I have ever had, as in most of the duck was just pure fat.  The noodles/chow mein was comparable to fast food Chinese noodles and a little heavy on the pepper.  I also bought a pre-packaged piece of rice cake which was stale.    Prices were cheap, but you get what you pay for.  

                #7 grilled pork sandwich was very tastey. Nice warm bread, sweet and sour pickled turnip/carrot slaw, cilantro, and jalapeño pepper slices with mayo. Bread was not too crumbly like other Vietnamese sandwich shops I've tried and grilled pork is flavorful. Nice combination and for $2.99 before taxes, I'm hooked.  I also tried #1 ham, pate, headcheese without the ham and have to say, I was not a huge fan of headcheese.......first time trying it and had a hard time getting past the gelatinous texture with crunchy bits which wasn't too appetizing for my palate.  However, for those headcheese fans, don't take my word for it. The pate on it tasted similar to a thin layer of liverwurst. I probably would have been ok with just pate and the trimmings.  Overall, #7 will be my pick every time I crave a Banh mi :)  

