                I have been enjoying Ike's sandwiches since he had the first few spots opened in SF around 7 years ago. I used to live in the city and would make the trip across town to the Castro and pick up a sandwich or two. Mind you, the early restaurant looked nothing like the one in Walnut Creek. It was a humble little spot that could fit no more than 10 people in it with no tables or chairs! Ike's sandwiches were irresistible even back then, so naturally, the line would wrap around the building and it would be about a 30 minute wait for your order.   Thank goodness for the expansion!  While shopping around Walnut Creek, I stopped by on a Thursday afternoon for lunch and ordered my favorite #19, called "Going Home For Thanksgiving". It had turkey, cranberry, havarti, siracha, and dirty sauce on Dutch crunch bread. I had the siracha on the side so I could control the amount of spice. Everything came out very promptly and I enjoyed every single bite. I don't know what heaven feels like, but I'm sure this sandwhich comes close!   The sandwhich was $9.99 + tax, and I added the chips and drink for $2.49.  Love their food + great service = 5 stars.  

                I've been here a twice. The first time was o.k. yet the second was far from it. The service has seriously gone down hill... The cashier was not friendly, and was rather rude when I asked about a bag of chips to go with my sandwich (which previously were included at no charge).  I'm mostly surprised by this because of the prices on most of the sandwiches being well over $10... the majority of which aren't quite good enough to justify the cost.  Prices need to come down, service needs to be revamped, and the free chips must come back! Until then... I will not return.  

                I love Ike's, like a sandwich from another mother. But man this Danville location has got something special. I walked in and immediately felt at home. The floors and tables are clean and nice, the bathroom wasn't disgusting and the service ..... phenomenal! The workers seemed like they knew exactly what they were doing.   The sandwich was delicious and I tried a new one for me the cashier suggested , the Lincecum. & the man on register was so nice and really seemed to care what I got mattered. Turned out it was the manager, so lucky me to be helped my a great team leader. I got the sandwich by the time I sat down with my soda. Talk about fast! & to do so with so many people eating there. I am for sure coming back to this Danville location. Best experience ever.  

                AMAZING SANDWICHES! O. M. G. Reading through the other reviews, I don't have much more to add but I will anyways. lol.  Went here around dinner time on a Friday night. No line, surprisingly. After walking past it after coming from Pink Berry next door, the line had formed. Guess we just had good timing ;)  I order the "Sometimes I'm a Vegetarian" sandwich on wheat.  It had grilled mushrooms, marinated artichoke hearts, pesto & provolone.  OMG, amazeballs delicious dude! Soooo yummers! I got the California Earthquake chips & strawberry lemonade.  The cashier was friendly & up beat :)  I will definitely be back :)))))) Bomb sandwiches!  

                Looking for some of the best sandwiches ever? Stop at Ike's at Plaza Escuela!  I'm pretty sure all of their sandwiches are really good because I had a tough time deciding which one to get.   Everything about Ike's is great. First, they have dutch crunch bread available.  That's my favorite kind on a sandwich!  Second, each sandwich comes with a free bag of chips - only at this Walnut Creek location!  How awesome is that - you don't even have to check in on Yelp.  They have quite a selection of chips, too.  Third, while they do not have alcohol here, they do have premium sodas.  You'll always have a great meal at Ike's. Fourth, the service is great. My server was friendly and positive.  My friend who comes frequents this place has never had an issue with service!  What I recommend is the Adam Richman sandwich.  I love avocado, and this one made my day!  I couldn't taste the fried chicken though, maybe because it got soggy (or was fried really lightly).  I loved it anyway.  The #0.5 is another really popular one.  Sandwiches range from $9.99 and up, but they are worth it.  I got pretty full from just half a sandwich (but with room for dessert).  This location is great because you can always get free parking either next door or across the street.  I would be back and definitely recommending this place to my friends!  

                The Case of the Shrinking Sandwich... I think that's what I would call a novel if I wrote it about Ike's.   Their sandwiches used to be gigantic and bursting with veggies, cheese (dairy or non-dairy), and hearty meats (regular or vegan). Nowadays, they are pitiful, puny, and just plain pathetic. For 10 dollars (plus tax), you could get a much healthier and more filling meal elsewhere, one with a lot more vegetables and more protein.   My favorite was always the Ugly Owl but made vegan (no mayo, with vegan cheese and dirty sauce). They've updated the name to the Handsome Owl, and with the name change, the portion has shrank considerably. I used to be able to eat half of it, get really full, and save the other half for later. Now, I gobble up the entire thing and still feel hungry afterwards. It doesn't feel the same anymore. There is more bread than filling. It's very sad to open up the bread, see that it's practically empty, but I never have the heart to complain when I'm in the store. I just won't go back.   I do prefer this location, as they haven't messed up my order. Even so, the size of their sammies gradually shrinking, a real Alice in Wonderland of the sandwich world. I'm very surprised by the change, as I got one back in November (free for my birthday!), and it was pretty generous. Fast forward to two months later, and it seems to have gotten smaller by at least 30-40%.  I suppose they are cutting corners, but it's not a good way to keep customers, especially with the increase of new restaurants in Walnut Creek. I hope they read this review and adjust their portions accordingly, or go back to the system they used to have in Oakland (half sandwich vs. whole sandwich).  

                I remember when Ike's only had S.F. Locations and then it expanded to various parts of the bay area and Southern California.   As a result, Ike's has gotten too big and the quality has gone down. Thus, lack of quality control. I got a Matt Cain sandwhich and the size was very mediocre. The sandwhich barely had any of the meat in it (roast beef, salami and turkey). All I could see was dutch crunch bread and veggies.  The dutch crunch bread is nice and crunchy on the outside and soft inside. The meat and veggies were average and the sandwhich didn't have much dirty sauce either.  It's fantastic that Ike's has grown so much and is very popular but not at the cost of it's customers. For a sandwhich that costs $10.82. I would expect it a bit bigger with more meat.  Next time, I'd rather go to a neighborhood deli that puts quality at the top of their list.  

                Ike's has the best sandwiches ever! I compare every sandwich I eat to theirs. Their dutch crunch bread and Godfather sauce is the ONE. It's so good! I ordered the madison bumgarner sandwich with Godfather sauce.   Unfortunately, the chips are no longer free. It's $1.50 now.   They have great customer service. Especially, the fellow lady raver in there. :)  

                Can't go wrong with any sandwich option!!! Spiffy Tiffy and Menajatwa are my fav! Next sammy will be the Adam Rich one, looked bomb. add some extra toppings if u wish, like zuchini stocks or jalapeños and your set!   Plus they have gluten free bread and chips!  

                Oh gosh, what can I say about Ike's? Well I first went to Ike's in SF after seeing Man vs. Food (well that's pretty much everyone right?). I was impressed with their sandwich then and I'm impressed with it still now. I don't think you can go wrong with any sandwich because of that Dirty Sauce and man, do I feel dirty after eating their sandwiches.  Ike's in WC is located on Locust near two of the free parking garages, so parking isn't too bad. There wasn't too much of a line today as it was raining. I went up, ordered the Comin' Home Thanksgiving (well cause we were doing a Thanksgiving sandwich showdown) and they told me grab some chips and I did. Zapp's Voodoo Heat. After a 5-10 minute wait our sandwich was ready. $10 Sandwich with free chips. Was it worth it? Did it win our sandwich showdown compared with The Bobbie at Capriotti's and The Traditional Bird at Morucci's? Well let's get you the skinny on the Comin' Home Thanksgiving.  We got the sandwich on Ike's Dutch Crunch and that's one might bread. The turkey is sliced thin, deli style. It had mayo, lettuce, tomato, layer of cranberry sauce, dirty sauce...mouth watering yet? Well I think on pure flavorgasm, Ike's won hands down. It's about 10 hours since we had this sandwich and I still taste it in my mouth. The dirty sauce is quite good, but it does have a potent garlic/oniony taste that will linger in your mouth. It plays well with the sweet cranberry sauce and melt in your mouth turkey. For me it tied with Morucci's and you can see my review on that soon....One main reason for the tie, Morucci's sandwich felt like a clean finish. Ike's sandwich again...is dirty and it won't let you forget that you ate it. The flavor is VERY rich and quite savory/salty to the point where you need something to wash it away like soda.   Another thing that's great about Ike's is the free chips. The voodoo heat chips might be my favorite chips. It's like a salt and vinegar chip, but so much more complex than that. It comes in with some kick and all these spices. It kicks salt & vinegar chips in its butt.  The shop is fairly small and gets really busy. Call in or order through their app to see if there's a line or not. There aren't many seats inside, so definitely take it to go or eat it outside on a sunny day.  I'm looking forward to my next sandwich showdown. Ike's currently has the most flavor bang for your buck and doesn't hurt you get free chips to boot!  

                I showed up at 4pm and this place was hopping. Ordered the Damon Bruce w/avocado, lettuce, tomato and dirty sauce on Dutch crunch, and I could. Not. Get. Enough. In. My. Face. Fast. Enough. I hate that I split that sandwich with my husband, my face wanted another whole sandwich to itself after that halfwich, even though after finishing I'm so satisfied I feel like I need a cigarette. Never been here before, I might need to come back daily. All I've been craving was a delicious bigass sandwich, and I've found my new spot.  

                On Saturday, 11/22/14, I decided to get an Ike's sandwich to go since I was in the area. My girlfriend and I just finished an amazing lunch at Va de Vi and Ike's was literally walking distance from where we were at. I took advantage of trying another different delicious sandwich from Ike's.   Atmosphere/Decor:    This particular Ike's is located in downtown Walnut Creek. There were a few tables to sit at inside. I also noticed a couple of outdoor tables. This Ike's seemed a little bit larger compared to the other Ike's locations I've been to.  It was very well lit up inside. The large menu board on the wall makes it very easy to order a sandwich when you finally decided what you want.   Food:   You really can't go wrong with any sandwich at Ike's. I like to try a different sandwich each time I eat at Ike's. I ordered the Acalanes (ham, bacon, extra dirty, american cheese) on a french roll with lettuce and a side of pickles. The sandwich was really good. The dirty sauce (garlic & aioli) is always amazing. The bread is always warm and fresh. I really liked the flavors of the ham and bacon. You can never go wrong with two types of different pork. This was a simple sandwich but yet delicious.    Service:   Victoria who was working the register and took my order was very nice. Even though the place was jammed packed I didn't have to wait that long for my sandwich. They always have a lot of people in the back making sandwiches.   Overall:  Ike's is still my favorite sandwich place and the best in my opinion. The sandwiches are off the hook and always get the job done. Each sandwich is unique in it's own way and the distinctive flavors really grab your attention as you're eating it. If you haven't tried Ike's yet you better hurry up and go get yourself a sandwich.  But beware, once you try a sandwich from Ike's you'll be hooked and become addicted! It's okay though, I've never heard of anyone overdosing or highly doubt you can overdose on delicious food!  

                #yaaaasss!  My delightful boyfriend took me here for the first time because my coworker raved about it and so has he.  Sooo...we went.  DEAR LORD IT WAS SOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOD!  I had the Jaymee Sirewich. Mmmmmmm! Bf had the Adam Richman. Both were fried chicken goodness!! If you check in on yelp you get free chips. ;)  I can't wait to go back. I was tempted to go back in the same day for dinner...hehe.  

                When I first tried Ike's awhile back, I was instantly a fan of their tasty, creative sandwiches and I was happy they offered vegan options!  However, we went today and it didn't seem as good as it was before.    We both ordered the "Tom Brady" (made vegan) with vegan breaded chicken, garlic and herb sauce, mushrooms, avocado, and vegan cheddar.  For the price I paid for the sandwich, I was expecting vegan chicken covering the entire bottom of the dutch crunch roll and a lot of avocado.  But I noticed there was very little vegan chicken, a little smashed avocado, and they skimped on all the other veggies.  Two Tom Brady sandwiches and one root beer cost us around $30 with tax and a $1 tip.  Wowzers!  Totally not worth the price for the amount of vegan chicken and veggies you get on your sandwich.  We should've just stuck with the Chinese lunch special we were thinking about getting before we decided on Ike's.  

                I really haven't reviewed this place? I love it so much. I have had 10+ sandwiches here and I have loved them all.  I'll put it this way: If I were only going to have one sandwich for the rest of my life, you can bet your bottom dollar it would be from Ike's. Yum.  

                One of my must-go-to spots when I'm in the bay.  Get the spiffy tiffy with the dirty sauce, BLT and banana peppers on crunch bread and the voodoo chips as your side.  Tastes just as good the next day!!!  

                That was some really really expensive fast food. I had the #98, fried chicken with yellow BBQ sauce. I couldn't tell where the mushy chicken ended and the gobs of mayonnaise started. Meh. A+ for socialist lemonade though.  

                365 Reviews in 365 Days Baby!!!!! This is my 365th review in my 365 days on Yelp. Holla!  I came to Ike's in Walnut Creek based on the great reviews and because I was craving a sammie. This Ike's location is in downtown Walnut Creek so parking can be a challenge during peak times but I had no problems finding a spot at a meter on the street around 2:30pm on a Thursday.  There was no line inside and the employees behind the counter were very friendly and helpful and gave me a free soda because I mentioned it was my first visit. Sweet!  I ordered the Natalie Coughlin which is a Vegetarian Sandwich with breaded eggplant, avocado, Gouda, dirty sauce and lettuce on wheat bread. It was SO amazing! All their sandwiches are served hot which is a nice change and all the flavors went together so well. Did I mention that they have over 10 Vegetarian and Vegan sandwiches?!?! I think I died and went to heaven.  I got my Husband the Tom Hanks Sandwich which had bacon, pastrami, Swiss, pickles, onions, lettuce and dirty sauce on Dutch crunch bread. He took one bite and hasn't stopped raving about it since! He even told his Dad about it. The sandwich was huge but he ate the whole thing; he said the pastrami was of great quality.  The total for everything was about $22 which is a little pricy for two sandwiches, but we got a free soda, two free bags of chips, and two free suckers with our order. Score!  They also have Coolhaus Ice Cream Sandwiches. *dies*  I'll definitely be back. Please open one in the Sacramento area!  

                This is my first time and I can't believe it took me so long! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED   Everything is perfect, the staff, the vibe, and with 400 sandwiches to choose from you'll definitely find a perfect match for your palette.   Conveniently located downtown WC with an attached parking garage is a bonus. It took less than 15 minutes to place my order and receive it. And this was at 12:30 on a weekday. I must say I had already looked at the menu and brought my top favorites worth me. The girl who took my order was so nice and helpful.  She even thew in an extra bag of chips.   All sandwiches come with Ike's sauce that's to die for! All sandwiches are hot unless you request otherwise.  All sandwiches come w/a carmel apple sucker, yum! All sandwiches come w/a bag of chips with check-in.  After careful consideration I choose the Spiffy Tiffy on dutch crunch without tomatoes. When I first got it I was like uh oh did I make a mistake but after one but I was hooked! This sammie  has Halal shredded  chicken, avacado, pesto, mushrooms, provolone and pepper jack cheese. It's on the pricy side$11.11 for a sandwich but worth every tdme (free chips and sucker makes you feel less guilty too)Good size too as I only ate 1/2 at a time.   I can't wait until November so I can try the "Going home for Thanksgiving " sandwich.  Now the chips... Kettle style with multiple flavors, not 400 choices but plenty. I tried the VooDoo and the VooDoo Heat. Finger locking good is all I can say  I hope I was helpful happy eating  

                Best sammies in the Bay Area, y'all. Quit reading these reviews and run, don't walk, to Ike's. You will be the better for it.  A few tips: 1. ALWAYS order on Dutch Crunch bread 2. Split your sandwich-they're huge 3. Ask for extra Godfather sauce  Ugh...my mouth is watering as I write this...need to wrap it up.  

                First time here, two things! I got free drinks because it was my first time at Ike's, COOL. The guy at the cashier was really chill and friendly, and free bag of chips come with every order at this location only! The hot jalapeño chips were yummy, the voodoo was a mix of a whole lotta flavors, not the best. We got the Bella and Randy Jackson, the Bella was so flavorful, better than the Randy Jackson. I love the halal chicken, but besides that it's nothing too mind blowing. But the sourdough bread was nice, hot and chewy so two thumbs up for that!  

                Another Ike's location delivering the classic Ike's experience.. wonderful, delicious sandwiches with an extensive amount of various ingredients and names.  Many don't know that even though you may have a sandwich you like that's offered at another location... just because their menu is so large... certain locations can't always list their full menu.. but you can always order it as such anyway. Then again you can customize pretty much everything anyway..  The dutch crunch is the best that I have ever had from any other place out there.. wonderfully tender and fluffy with a nice crisp outside. Any of their sauces are excellent.. Get what you want.. eat happy.  

                Found ourselves exploring Downtown Walnut Creek one Saturday. Started to get close to lunch time so I turn to Yelp for what's "Nearby". A lot of great restaurants, some high stars, some low. Then I saw Ike's Sandwiches... Ok, that sounds good. And 4 stars out of more than 280 reviews? Let's try this!  Ike's is along one of the streets where there are quite a few restaurants & coffee shops. Can't miss Ike's big surfboard sign!  You go inside & it's a small shop. 2 high tables with chairs outside the door, 4 high tables with chairs and one little nook with low tables & chairs. Huge chalkboard with their menu options or you can grab a menu from the counter. The little nook area has old school metal lunch boxes as decorations. It was cool to see old school Sesame Street, Disco Fever & even Mork & Mindy!!!  We ordered the Tom Hanks & the Adam Richman both on Gluten Free Bread. Awesome that they have gluten free options.  Tom Hanks - Bacon, Pastrami, Swiss. Awesome sandwich! The pastrami was really tender, not fatty or any kind of stringy gristle.  Tom Hanks: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ikes-walnut-creek?select=hsodwhH0jg0OJo4HWKE2hw#x0uVnXkvtOxiTIgLdzXw0Q">yelp.com/biz_photos/ikes…</a>  Adam Richman - Adam Richman - Avocado, Fried Chicken, Ham, Pesto, Real Honey, Swiss. Another awesome sandwich! The chicken was tender, not dry. Everything just worked together with this one. Loved the pesto. It wasn't too overwhelming. This was a messy sandwich towards the end, but a good "mess"!  Adam Richman: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ikes-walnut-creek?select=hsodwhH0jg0OJo4HWKE2hw#bs582lAPFvDJBDrE-GALHQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/ikes…</a>  The staff was super friendly! A couple walked in and looked overwhelmed by their menu, just like us, but when they got up to the counter, the guy at the register was more than happy to help them narrow down their options. We even overheard him saying that their veggie meatballs are way better than the real meat ones. We're definitely coming back to try the "veggie" options.  Thanks Ike's! We'll be back!  

                Comparing this to subway, quizno, or togo's would be blasphemy, but those are the only chain sub sandwich shops that pop to my mind.  If I have to rank them from best to worst, it'll go from Ike, quizno, Togo, and finally subway.  What I like about Ike's is the non franchise feel and their unique menu.  Sure it makes it hard to remember what is in the sandwich but it grows on you.  Decent place overall and I would be back to try another sandwich.  By the way, I ordered #17 Joe Starkey which had the halal chicken in it with BBQ sauce and cheddar.  Pretty tasty where the BBQ wasn't overpowering but I didn't notice the halal chicken taste.  It's like a free range chicken where I don't notice the difference.  But, to chicken did have a good texture to it so it went down easy.  

                This was the first Ike's Lair (or Ike's Place) I have ever been to.  This location had a shorter line then the SF one, but it still had a line.   I ordered the Damon Bruce.  Thinly sliced ribey, steak sauce, Beer Battered Onion Rings, and provolone.  It also came with your choice of bag of chips and a lollipop.  It cost $13.31.  However, it was worth every penny.  Seriously the best sandwich in the world.  I ate half of it and went back to it a few hours later and it was just as good as the first half.  I can't wait to try the original Ike's place in SF.  

                Love Ike's. I actually think this particular one makes the sandwiches out of all the places outside of SF.   SF Giants is my favorite meat sandwich but if you want to go vegetarian, go Natalie Coughlin.   And always go Dutch Crunch when it comes to bread.  

                My favorite sandwich spot. I like the Lincecum on dutch crunch.  

                Sandwiches: quite delicious. Price: SO EXPENSIVE. 27 for 2 off the menu sandwiches and 2 drinks?? WOW. I felt full , but like a fool for spending so much.  Addendum: after posting my initial review, GM Lee contacted me with a sincere and classy response. He also offered me a free sandwich  which obviously I can't refuse - Ike's sandwiches are Good! I will give them another try and order something under 10 $.  

                One of the more over hyped chains in recent memory.  Their menu system is pretty idiotic.  They have like 300 total sandwiches between multiple locations but only 30 of them are on the board at the WC location.  A third of them are some combination with halal chicken and honey mustard.  I guess at the other locations they have a big menu book but at this location you better come prepared or make your own sandwich.  I kept looking for their twist on an Italian sandwich - or some sort of novel take on a BLT but there isn't really much rhyme or reason to their menu.  As far as the food....  I've had some sandwiches that were solid portions and others that were basically a single half inch piece of chicken, shredded lettuce, a bunch of sauce and bread for $11.  It's got pretty decent flavor - but the be honest if you put bread with a bunch of sauce and cheese on it in a toaster oven of course it will have flavor but flavor in a "everything tastes the same" sort of way. I've had three different sandwiches here and they all pretty indistinguishable from one another.  If you get excited over a $13 sandwich with onion rings and mozzarella sticks then you'll probably love it.  If you get more excited over imported italian salumi and fresh ciabatta bread you're better off waiting in the line for Moruccis.   I think it's clear which camp I fall into.  

                I love sandwiches. I'm from the Bay Area and I can't believe I didn't hear about this place until I was 26 years old. A HUGE thanks to my sister-in-law for sending me here. Literally the best sando's I've ever eaten! I've inly tried two, #111. Ménage A Trois $11.11 (Halal chicken, real honey, honey mustard, bbq sauce, pepper jack, Swiss, cheddar on Dutch crunch) and the #201. Adam Richman $12.21 (Fried chicken, ham, real honey, pesto, avocado, Swiss). Both delicious but the #111 is my FAV! Make sure to choose wisely because you will most likely fall in love and want it EVERYTIME you come...hence why I've only tried two. And really that's only because my fiancé and I ordered the two different ones our first time here and split them! WELL PLAYED IKE!  

                Love ikes but today was so dry and had a lot of lettuce. The sandwiches used to be very saucy. I went to walnut creek location coz it used to be the best. But me and my wife were very disappointed. We ordered (111) Menage A Trois BBQ, Cheddar, Halal Chicken, Honey Mustard, Pepper Jack, Real Honey, Swiss.  Cherry on the top my wife found hair in her sandwich. (Which they offered to replace but she was very disgusted already)   Overall bad experience.  

                After years of yearning to taste the Ike sandwich in all it's glory I finally was in close proximity of this one at a time to refill my stomach tank. So many sandwich choices I felt so rushed in choosing one as I stood in the long, yet swift moving line. Pressure!! Uhh.?;!;&(&&3&3 Madison?? So, Madison it was. My fiancé got his usual Matt Cain he favors. I just felt really overwhelmed because I've been waiting to finally eat here and I wanted to make a thoughtful sandwich choice and wasn't able to take a long careful look at the menu. I take my food very seriously. I didn't want to take too long deciding and just let people behind us skip ahead of us since we had somewhere to be shortly and seats are hard to grab here.    Yelp check in: free chips! Points.   Since it was my first time, my fiancé gave me half of his and took my other half so I could have variety. What a gentleman. Sure knows the way to my fatty heart.  I definitely liked his better. It was way more flavorful. He told me I should add the dirty sauce on mine before ordering because it's really good but in the blunder of just settling on a sandwich I forgot to request it. I also didn't realize I have to ask for all the extra toppings like jalapeños, onions, etc. ugh!!! That would've made it taste wayyyy better. I don't like sandwiches without all that, it's too plain for me. Wahhhh I felt so sad without my toppings :(  it just felt so incomplete. Sighhh  So I have to admit I was disappointed. Everyone makes such a huge deal over these sandwiches and I just had certain expectations that were not met. The bread itself is hella good but everything else I just thought to myself I rather have Togos or something for a cheaper price and same level of yumminess or better.   I guess I just need to find my "it" sandwich here among the many choices. Maybe Madison just wasn't the one for me and there's better out there waiting for me. I just need to be open and give it more tries to find the "one" because there has to be a reason why everyone loves Ikes so much.. Right??  

                THIS SANDWICH PLACE IS EVERYTHING.  Just got back yesterday from spending 6 glorious days in sunny San Francisco. This is the first thing I need to review because I seriously had the best sandwich I've ever had in my life. It was so good that the other half of this heaven-sent sandwich because my breakfast the morning after...it was seriously a foodgasmic gift that just kept on giving.   Having only gotten back yesterday I'm back at the office and playing a really aggressive game of "work catch up", but until then I had to pen something about Ike's because it's JUST THAT GOOD. In the game of sandwiches, Ike's is the Michael Jordan of sandwiches. DO IT.*  __________________________________________________­_________  * Will totally elaborate more on this later.  

                So, the GM of the location reached out to me via email, and took care of the situation, assuring me that EMS workers still get the hook up. Thanks for taking care of the brothers in blue, Lee!!  

                Ike's is a kind of joyous Baskin Robbins for sandwiches.   They give every variety that it's customers will and won't want, which is the beauty of capitalism. The menu is long and it has meat and vegetarian selections alike. Most of the other offerings are chips, packaged desserts and soda.   I walked in while the line was long, despite it being long after lunch hours and long before dinner hours. It moved fairly quickly and then I ordered a Matt Richman sandwich. I got my offer of free chips even though I didn't have to acknowledge it on Yelp, not to mention another bag for a total of two bags of chips. They have both fountain and bottled sodas, but since the wait for the food can be long, I'd recommend the very refillable fountain sodas.   Also, make sure you're chosen bread is the dutch crunch. That's what makes Ike's so special.  Unlike most other Ike's experiences I've had, the food came in seven minutes. At San Jose, it took about forty-five, which only really works on a vacation.   The Matt Richmand was wonderful. It has fried chicken, honey, swiss and pesto. The chicken was tender and the bread was memorable. The toppings made it work and I munched through it as if there was no tomorrow. There's some seating and it should be sufficient except during the common lunch rush.  Few sandwiches are not blown out of the water by Ike's.  

                Customer service: AMAZING customer service. Thane was such a sweetheart and made my first experience very memorable. There's a reason why this Ike's ranks high! Since it was my first time, I asked her what her recommendation was for the chips and she said to get the Voodoo Heat. She was totally right, they are DELICIOUS!  Sandwich: Spiffy Tiffy. Best sandwich I've ever had. Enough said, there's a sandwich waiting for me to devour it.  

                Hands down one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Everytime I come into town I try and make it to Ike's. Keep it up, I will tell everyone I know to come and try your sandwiches.  

                Being an Ike's fiend ain't easy. Unless of course you happen to have an Ike's conveniently located near you. This Walnut Creek location is the closest to our home. Although I usually consider a sandwich to be more of a lunch option than dinner, Ike's is probably the best place with the biggest variety of Vegan eats in The Creek. Yes, not exactly high praise but it is what it is 'round these parts.  I've been to other Ike's where they either messed up my order, or made me weary of what I was eating was actually Vegan. It's especially annoying when it's a "to go" order and you don't realize until you've already gotten to your destination that there is dairy cheese in your sandwich or you got the "regular" dirty sauce instead of the Vegan style, for example.  The counter girl here knew exactly what was Vegan, or not, and why it wasn't Vegan. No need to ask anyone else, no need to reference a chart. She was on top of her game!  Of course if Ike would start using Just Mayo, that would clear up some of the confusion. It's pretty easy to tell Daiya from Dairy cheese so there's no worries there, but c'mon, we want to get in on the chipotle and wasabi mayo action too!   As for the sammiches, it's the same Ike's ya'll know and love, just with different names. You can stick to the few on the sandwich board, look up their online menu where there are tons more, or just get all creative and choose your own toppings. Pretty much anything with Vegan Breaded Chicken, Avocado, and a whole bunch of sauces will be a hit to me but I'm partial to the Pilgrim as a standard choice. Who knew Cocksauce + cranberry went so well on a sandwich.?  This location appears to be a bit pricier at first before the aforementioned awesome cashier informed us that a bag of chips comes standard with your order, making the Yelp check-in offer essentially useless unless you wanna grab an extra bag.   Anyone that knows me, knows I love a messy sando. "If it doesn't get all over the place..." The more sauce the better in my book. However you may wanna ask for them to go light on the dirty sauce, especially if you're taking your sammy to the nearby theater, smuggled in your sweetie's purse...  

                Spiffy tiffy! That one is my favorite and I'm happy that they offer it at the WC location. The sandos are HUGE. I think 2/3 is enough for me. This location definitely has less items than SF.   You still get a bag of chips and a caramel apple pop. Score!  I love their dutch crunch as it's the perfect amount of flavor and crunch. Doesn't hurt the roof of my mouth and that's important.  

                Most of their locations are in Northern California, but don't worry... there's one in LA!  I thought for how popular this place was, it sure was tiny inside.  There isn't a lot of seating but the tables they have, I like b/c there's a lot of space.    The menu was overwhelming - so many sammies to choose from and all of them sounding good.  It literally took me maybe 5-8 minutes just trying to figure out what to pick.  I went with #24 - Tom Hanks.  It had pastrami, swiss, & bacon.  The sammies are cut in half.  If you check in on Yelp, you get a free bag of chips, but people who didn't still were given free bags of chips.    Sammie price point $9-14  

