                basically, i'm here to leave the same review as mr. g from pacifica.  you've been to in n out, you know it's the fast food all other fast food wants to be. there's nothing new i can tell you about that.  however, the service at this location is unbelievably top notch. we went through the drive thru on saturday 2/21 at around 11:30p - PEAK performance time - and everyone we interacted with was 100% pleasant and nice.  1. young man taking orders at the drive thru: at this hour, the drive thru at in n out is so backed up that they have a young person with an iPad sending orders into the restaurant from your passenger side window. this young man was pleasant, addressed the back seat separately from the front to be sure they could see the menu and be understood, made sure to read back the order and smiled! 2. young lady taking money at the first window: double confirmed the order before taking payment with a smile! 3. young man expediting food at the second window: triple confirmed the order before handing it out the window with a smile!  they were all very pleasant (it's seriously the best word to describe it, just so nice), not at all harried or stressed, all told us to have a good night, and if i can make it my go-to in n out, i totally will.  

                A friend brought me a burger from this place.  It tasted wonderful!  First time I have had a burger here.  Its amazing what you can do with a lot of lettuce and virtually no meat.  Eat here if you want 3 days of diarrhea.  Great weight loss supplement.  

                I've been to In-N-Out Burger several times in recent years and everytime the food and service has been excellent. The only withback is that during lunch time on the weekends, it gets very crowded.  It's hard to park in the lot, service slows down and getting a seat is very hard. The staff does its best to clear and clean tables when they are empty, but there are simply too many customers. I recommend going there during off-times.  

                I don't know why their burgers are so addictive but they sure hit the spot.  Yes, there is always a wait, but that's just because they freshly make everything rather then just assemble or heat up pre-made food.  I personally don't care for their bun. Compared to other fast food places, I feel like In-N-Out's is a bit drier.  So I opt for the bun-less protein style instead that is wrapped in iceberg lettuce.  Great option for people watching their blood sugar levels or if you're trying to watch your carb intake.  Their fries are a close second to my favorite, McDonald's fries (I know, not the best for you, but I LOVE them nonetheless).  I personally don't care for overly crispy fries and like them when they're a little soft in the middle but crunchy on the ends. The long MickyD's fries are like that and In-N-Out's are sometimes that way too.  Overall, cheap, good, but not fast.  

                Where do I even start with In and Out? I come here quite often and it's probably because I never feel guilty when I eat here. That could be a good thing but it could also be a bad thing. I absolutely love In and Out! The ingredients taste fresh, the fries are made before your eyes and frankly, if I ever crave any type of fast food, I'll just come here!   My go-tos are usually a cheeseburger animal style sigh grilled onions but just recently, I was introduced to the heavenly addition that is the whole grilled onion! My coworker who used to work here suggested I try it and I have been ordering my burgers with it since. I also love their fries. Fries are one of those snacks that I can't get sick of and the fries here are sooo yummy. Not too soggy not too crispy and the fact that you can order them well done is even more awesome.  Overall, Daly City has gotten a lot busier and I know a part of it is because of this place. The only downside to In and Out are the lines. Lines out the door inside and lines through the street for drive thru. Quite crazy but nonetheless, you can see why people would be willing to wait so long for this place! :)  

                Honestly, how can anyone hate on In-N-Out?? It's probably one of the BEST fast food options out there that actually serve a relatively "clean, quality" meal for a really affordable, good price. I mean, $2-4 for a burger with all the fixings is an amazing deal!   How I like my In-N-Out: 3 patty, 1 cheese, no spread, sub with ketchup and mustard, both kinda of onions (raw and fried), tomato, lettuce, and chillies. Umm, total foodporn right?? And it comes out to be $4.   Granted, they can season their patties better with more flavor. There's no better deal out there. Also, beware of the long drive-thru lines and lines inside. I always opt to park my car, go inside, and place my order, rather than rot my engine and mind waiting forever. I feel like you get the better full experience lining up in person anyways -- I just love smelling the aroma of the food and watching their cooks work their magic. What can I say? I love In-N-Out!  

                It's In-N-Out, everyone loves it.  My bf is crazy about it, every time I ask him what do you want to eat, he says In-N-Out, every-single-day. I'm like hell no we are not eating burger every week. I'm usually not into burgers, but if I have to pick then yes I'd pick this because it's fast, cheap, and my bf feels so happy when I said okay...fine.. we go to In-N-Out.... lol  

                No trip to California is complete without an In-N-Out run. This burgers-fries-shakes fast food restaurant chain is no less than an American icon. Having had In-n-Out on a previous trip, I looked forward to this run like every out of towner and ex-pat!   The menu hasn't changed, and the cashiers don't blink an eye when you order off the not so secret menu on Davis wiki. I ordered a coffee, cheeseburger with onions, and fries "animal-style" (special sauce, grilled onions, cheese). Fries were crisper than my first experience, cheese was melted to congealed form, sauce was equitably distributed across the fries. Yum. The burger wasn't the best burger I've ever had, just one of the best at the low price of $2.45. The coffee was strong.   Sadly, on this trip, I became quite ill and couldn't enjoy my meal to the fullest extent. I ate half my burger and coffee, but given my illness, I enjoyed what I did eat and will recommend this location to my fellow Yelpers from out of town!  

                Good burger!  Had the Double Double.  Wish I liked their fries more--kind of tasteless to me with a weird texture.   This location is busy.  Really busy.  Really, really busy.  

                In n Out is honestly life. This is the best thing I've ever eaten in my life.  

                In and out what can you say it's a California classic burgers are always great and Where else can you fill your stomach for five bucks  And not feel like a doughboy? every guest that comes to visit me from out of town wants to come here that says a lot about it  

                In and Out's are very standardized. You could walk into one and get de ja vu from an other location. This one in particular is a hidden jem. This one is right off the free way and easy to get to but you can not actually see it off the freeway. So unless you know its there you will not see it. The other closest in and out is at peir 39 and is insanely busy. This one always seems busy but that is because the drive threw line get on to the street. Inside line most in and outs is faster than going threw the drive threw.   I personally get the same order every time i come here.   Double Double - No onions (onions over power the burger for me)  Animal style french fries.   That meal is likely 2000 calories. Hence why i only come here sparingly. They are the only fast food that i still eat because despite them being fast food i feel like it a step above McDonald or Burger King.  

                Recently discovered the "McDonald's" style cheeseburger--cheese burger with chopped raw onions, pickles, ketchup and mustard...  hits the McDonald's spot without the McDonald's guilt.  Thank me later.  

                This is my spot.   Double double animal style (no pickles), animal style fries (well done), chocolate shake. Music to my ears.   Now while my order (see above) hasn't changed at all through the years, don't let  that give you any wrong ideas. In-N-Out offers an absolutely ridiculous array of menu options, secret and non-secret alike, which allows for an incredible amount of specialization.   For example, I like getting "well done" fries, which gives them that crispy crunch that you'd usually see in thin-cut fries elsewhere. As you can see from my order, this option is also available for animal fries, and this ensures they don't become soggy form all the toppings. Trust me on this one - it hits the spot.  One thing to watch out for anyone who loves late night food - this location can get absolutely packed, regardless of what day it is. If this is the case when you come, don't be afraid to use the drive-thru. The line may look long (and it is...), but try to resist the temptation to park and go inside, you'll just end up waiting longer. They do a great job of cranking out orders quickly in the drive-thru, so rest assured you'll get your food in a timely manner.   This In-N-Out location fills a very specific need in my life, as my go-to late-night place when I'm heading to/or coming from SFO. Airport food sucks, so this has become my solution to that, and what a fantastic solution it has become. Same order, every time, and it's always perfect.   This is a point I must reiterate: I have eaten here dozens of times in my short life, and not once have I ever had anything less than a perfect meal from here. On point, every. single. time.  So I've got to ask, who's got it better than this In-N-Out? Nooobodyy (**kidding**)  

                This is conveniently off the highway. And right next to it is a Krispy Kreme? YAY! My husband and I are both from NC, and that's where Krispy Kreme is from, and he had never been to In-N-Out, so we decided to come to this place.  We got the standard, double-double, (nothing from the not-so-secret menu), and i think the best part of in-n-out burgers is that they are not greasy. You don't feel gross after eating one burger. Two, maybe...  My husband loved the fries because he felt like they are made from real potatoes, and we felt bad for the one guy back in the kitchen who is responsible for cutting one potato at a time. We really hope they rotate positions back there because that would make for a very long day. Personally, i have to admit I like McDonald's fries and I'm not a huge fan of their fries here, but maybe it's because I just like the junky stuff. :D  We went there at 4pm for an early dinner and it was packed. VERY difficult to find a parking spot! This seems like a very busy spot. You have to stake out a table too, which is the only reason why i'm giving this a star off, just due to the parking situation.   The food is great and if you've got to try this at least once if you are in California visiting.  Next time we'll have to get food animal style apparently!  

                The employees are always great here! Never once have we ever had a bad experience. The staff are always so pleasant. Always smiling always greeting you with a warm welcome.   Who ever is the hiring manager does a magnificent job of choosing outgoing employees who understand the value of what great customer service is all about.   Can't express enough how in the fast food service have I ever seen excited employees who are happy to be there.   Kudos to you In N Out of Daly City!  

                The double double Cheese burger is so delicious but my friend recommended me to order Well done French Fries. Woowww it turned out the fries are so dry and tasteless. So disappointed!!!! I wish one day In and Out may improve their fries like McDonalds.  

                Bruhhhhhhhh. Just read my review for the In N Out of Elk Grove. Pretty much sums it up for this place also.  Howevaaaah, this place gets an extra star for one purpose: it's next to Krispie Kreme. JUST KIDDING. It's because it's located in my dear home area of Daly City.  This one however gets so packed, no matter what time it is, day or night.   Food wise is pretty much the same also. They're super generous with the fries though, I lafff it.  Near the DMV too, so if you newly licensed drivers are down you can celebrate getting your license with a double with well-done fries and a milkshake.  

                It's sad to give one star after giving 5 star just months ago but I just have to.  We bought chocolate chip shakes which are always my favorite!!! We also got burger and animal fries on a drive thru earlier today. When I was about to take a chomp on my fries, a strand of short hair that disgustingly looks like a pubic hair stuck out from one of my fries. The tiny hair with its hair follicle still intact almost got me throw up. $3.40 went straight to waste!!! *photo uploaded*  

                I mean, what can one really write about In N Out that hasn't already been said?  This place is great!  It's a miracle worker. A shaman if you will. Heals all ailments of a hangover, turns a frown upside down on a bad day, and brings that sunshine on a rainy day. Yes, I will have that number 1, animal style errythang', with an Arnold Palmer.  

                There's a sweet girl working here whose name I didn't catch. I ordered a cheeseburger from her and asked if it will take long. I explained that I wanted to run over to Krispy Kreme but didn't wanna risk miss picking up my order. I think she said she didn't know--something I expected--but after I sat down, she left the register and walked over to me to lmk that it would take around ten minutes and that I should go because "[she] doesn't want to deprive [me] of donuts."  Her coming up to me was quite a scene because the other customers waiting stared at us, probably thought she was sharing the details of hooking me up with free food or something.  The entrance into this plaza sucks.  

                The reason to come to California is this burger lol! Check out Food Networks Anthony Bourdains favorite restaurant: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eater.com%2F2015%2F1%2F8%2F7518215%2Fwatch-anthony-bourdain-extoll-the-virtues-of-in-n-out-burger&s=2409c626f9ada3a3848d98f4c1c8eda8330ba42ced0c11caf57bee072028a348" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">eater.com/2015/1/8/75182…</a> When I have a really bad day, this burger can compensate, and don't forget to slap on animal style fries which is A Thousand Island dressing and cheese on top :-). 3 stars for being so slow though this is a fast food restaurant and they could work on being faster I always wait for like 20 mins for my burger and for a fast food restaurant chain they should average 5 minutes arrival to the person.  

                First off, I don't really consider in-n-out fast food. Nothing is fast about it, but it's a quality burger for cheap. This is pretty much my go-to place for a semi-quick bite. I always get my burger protein and animal style plus a side of regular fries. If at first you don't like the fries, stop going to McDonalds and keep coming back for these fries. It just might grow on you as it did on me.   It was surprisingly not packed on a Monday night for dinner. Had no trouble finding seats at this location.  

                WHY is there such a long line at 11pm!! Haha.  Been here a couple of times in the late evening and there is still so many people! Lines are almost out the door and all the tables are filled inside. The staff is still so delightful. Milkshakes are good, burgers are good. Fries however, I can't eat it unless it's animal style! Something about regular fries here that bugs me. Maybe I've had one too many crunchy McDonald's fries. Whatever the case... Love love love!  

                I feel bad for the people who don't like In-N-Out. Seriously. We can't be friends. I just love how you can customize your order to your liking. I always love adding grilled onions to my burger & when I feel like being a little healthier, I opt for the burger to be "protein style". To me, In-N-Out is better than all of the other burger joints out there. Packed with flavor and always made fresh!  

                Nice staff  and ! Very nice and professional. Much better service than I had expectations for.  

                Animal fries animal hamburger and soda really yummy can ask for much more places clean services decent and on a hot sunny day the milkshakes are awesome.I start up conversations with people waiting in line waiting for their food makes the time go by. I suggest you do this because it's always nice to meet somebody new.  

                I feel that In and Out is overhyped. The food is really good for fast food but it's not something that's so amazing i'll go out of my way for it.  Stopped here on my way back to SFO. It's a quick stop right off of the freeway.  It's a clean facility, service was good, and the food was spot on just like any In and Out location. If you're feeling like real fatty you can stop the Krispy Kreme next door too!  

                The burgers and fries themselves are freaking amazing and perfect as always. The tricky part about this location is how busy it gets, especially in the evening. You really have to make an effort to go at a weird hour if you don't want to wait. The drive thru line gets so long that it blocks the nearest intersection. Ridiculous. It's much easier (and faster, believe it or not) to just find parking and order inside. There is plenty of parking. It's difficult to find a place to sit most of the time, but even if you take your food to-go, that's the best option.  

                In n out has very consistent taste all over and this place is no exception. The one gripe I have with this place is it IS ALWASY SUPER BUSY. The line at the drive thru is non-stop.  I normally just park and go inside where it moves quicker.  

                What's all the fuss about? When I lived in Singapore a couple of years ago, In N Out opened a temporary store for one day and people lined up for hours under the sun. No burger could be worth that, I thought. Now that I've lived here in the Bay Area and have tried it for myself plenty of times, I can say without a doubt that it isn't worth the long lines and crowded parking lot. There's nothing special about these burgers at all. Same goes for the fries and shakes too. Yes, it's a little cheaper and the ingredients are supposedly fresher than other fast food places but it doesn't taste any different to me. Besides, if you want healthy, why even go to a fast food place at all?  

                This in n out has the longest wait ever. 40 minutes for my order? No fast food burger is worth that... Not sure why this one is so much slower/crowded than the other locations. The food isn't any better than the other branches. Definitely still my favorite fast food place, but this branch is anything but fast.  

                This is by far the worst in-n-out I've ever been to.   The drive-thru is all kinds of messed up and needs to be reworked. If you decide you want to to take the other entrance and you're coming in from the northbound 280 exit, you might try turning left and then left again into the lot, only thing is you have a double yellow there. If you go down further hoping to make a u-turn you're met with constant no-uturn signs. Basically, if you want to enter this in-n-out parking lot you either need to make a giant circle, or break the law. I won't mention which one I do from now on.   Otherwise, the food is bomb, no different from any other in-n-out. I only come here out of necessity since its the closest accessible in-n-out for me. The one on jefferson has no parking lot, which is a pain.   Maybe I'm just spoiled by how accessible in-n-outs are in the southbay and in socal, but either way this place just pisses me off.  

                The problem with this location is the shared parking lot with Krispy Kreme, not to mention location. If you are coming from eastmoor ave you will be spending some time on the street before entering the parking lot. There are some interesting folks that come out of this location also. Not your suburbia in n out at all. The food stays consistent. Absolutely nothing at all should change about their burgers and fries. I still prefer their Millbrae location.  

                I love this place.  never disappointed although I do hate the long lines whether inside or drive thru, I guess it's what I can expect from such an awesome place.  

                This In n Out is always packed when I come here, but the service is pretty fast. Protein style double double with grilled onions, please!  

                In-n-out is ALWAYS packed at any location so can't really complain about the waits... The food here is made well!  

                I just loooove in-n-out.. it really hits the spot when you're craving it. It's located in the same plaza as krispy kreme and can get quite crowded in the parking lot. BF and I have decided to rename this plaza as "heart-attack plaza"... after eating at in-n-out, we decided to eat at krispy kreme.. hehehe.  Anyways, the fries were suuuuper good here. it was fresh, crispy and fluffy. the cashier was soooo chippy it took me by surprised. wow, she's chipper even for 9 pm at night.. she must love her job. =)  

                who doesn't love in and out? The only thing i don't love - is the the wait and table hunting. But that is allllll to be expected here. When this place first opened, I tried their milkshakes. At the time - i wasn't the biggest fan of the shakes but i just decided to give it another try...many many years later because i was told it was good. So i took a sip of the strawberry milkshake and BAM! my perspective on in and out shakes have changed (probably a very bad idea because now i'll want it every time...) that dinky little cup didn't satisfy my bf and i and we had no idea it came in a large - lesson learned. my orders from now on will be cheeseburger animal style with well done buns and a large strawberry shake! I'm craving it now that I'm writing this review -___-  

                There's a carnival going on across the freeway from In and Out, and who wants to pay $4 for a caramel apple or $5 for nachos when I can drive here and get a whole meal for the same price?  "Where's the carnival, I don't see it," Miss Bad Idea Bear says, so I turn the car around and drive her to it. It's located near Serra Bowl and she has to see it in order to believe it's real.  Just like I had to see the 4 or 5 stars on Yelp to believe that this place got rated so high. (I still don't believe it, but I respect everyone's opinion)  When we were at the carnival, it turns out she wanted one of those huge stuffed animals. A dog to be exact, or a monkey in a banana that can only be won by one of those rigged games.  One of the carnival game operators said if I paid $20 I could buy one of the smaller dogs, and Miss Idea Bear and I laughed because we both knew for $20 I could go to any toy shop and buy a real quality stuffed animal rather than a cheaply made dollar store stuffed animal.  I think we've been hanging out with each other so long that we're becoming like siblings; goofy and on the same wave length. She's like the older sister I never had.  About In and Out: There burgers are always hot, and they manage to get my order right 90% of the time. Expect long lines if you use the drive through. I'm not a fan of how they toss all the fries in the bag so that everything is covered in grease. I prefer almost any other fast food chain's fries to In and Out. Just like I'm not a fan of their milkshakes that taste like a weird protein shake without the health benefits.  About the carnival: I don't know how long it will be here, but I suggest grabbing your food here to spare to you the heightened cost of carnival fare.  

