                All In-N-Out Burger restaurants are five stars. Period.  Sure it gets crowded in here. But it's in a prime location, so that's to be expected.  

                I love In-N-Out... They have my favorite burger of all the burgers I've had... Originally being from southern California, I may be biased about it, but Double-Doubles are so amazing... And I eat a lot of burgers in a lot of places.  The sweetness of the sauce compliments the saltiness of the patties, contrasts the mildness of the cheese, compliments the crispness of the lettuce/tomato, contrasts the chewiness of the buns...  The fries are great too. Not overly crisp, not soggy, lightly salted, fried in vegetable oil, and cut to order.  They just stick to what they know and what the do well. Not over complicating the menus and keeping it simple. (even the "secret menu")  That being said, this location seemed like it wasn't as well maintained as other locations I've been to.  It seemed dirtier - Like the staff just wasn't keeping up with the cleaning they needed. SO, this location looses a star.  That's me being disappointed with In-N-Out  (Yup... Im copy/pasting all my reviews for In-N-Out with a few lines specific to which joint I was at... I've yet to have a lagely different experience at one... Their chain gives pretty much the same, high quality experience as any other in-n-out I've been to.)  

                It's In-N-Out.  What virtues can I say about this place that haven't been said already. Every food blogger and network host has said or written every possible word to convince everyone this is the place to get one of the finest and well valued meals on the planet.    This location is as good as any of them. Fast, efficient, and clean.  The neighborhood is a little shakey but that's not really their fault.  They do a good job of keeping the riff raff away as to not take away from the meal you're about to have.   That being said I still don't like their fries that much.  There I said it! Do they deserve to lose a star because of it? Hell no the burger is a permanent six anyway. If I did have a wish for In-N-Out I would like a 24 hour location with beer and wine.  What better way to cure a future hangover than that?  Anyway In-N-Out is awesome blah blah blah.  If you've read this far you've wasted your time.  

                Why bother reviewing In-N-Out when they're all pretty much 100% the same? Well, this one's a little different than the average In-N-Out.  1) There's a sink where the ketchup/napkins are supposed to be. The ketchup is on the opposite side. 2) There's a corner window seat for the solo eaters 3) Location, horrible location, it's like a 1 mile drive after exiting the freeway (ok not really, but it is very far...  

                Love In-N-Out Burger for what it is...won't eat any other fast food.  Oakland location is no joke after hitting a concert across the "freeway" at <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2FO.co&s=c99b03cdc6f0351ef9836d04b1da5a05a669a486ed60a330cdb2ec8f3bbc4287" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">O.co</a>!  Words to live by in Oakland - "Drive thru, not by".  In-N-Out Burger - 5 stars  

                Simply the best.  Nothing hits the spot like In-N-Out. It's just a scientifically proven, verifiable fact (not really). This location is a great place to get your fix, and I've always found it to be an especially convenient stop when you're in any of the following situations:  -Coming to/Leaving the Oakland Airport  -Hungry after coming from an A's, Raiders, or Dubs game  -In East Oakland or San Leandro for some reason (not sure why you would be, but its nearby)  Personally I often find myself flying out of Oakland on Southwest, so I make this stop quite a bit. And unless you come at peak hours, you're generally gonna be in-n-out'a here pretty quick since the staff is usually on top of their game (ha...see what I did there?).  More recently, I've started to visit my grandma who lives in East Oakland quite a bit, since her health isn't the greatest recently. And ever since I surprised her by coming by with a few animal-style burgers a few months ago, she's been requesting that I bring some every time I come!  Yes that's right, In-N-Out is Grandma approved. What more do you need?  

                Every In N Out location I've been to was pretty much top notch; from their service to the food, everything was great here. The operation here is basically the same as McD's or Burger King. You walk in, wait in line, order, get a number, then sit or stand while waiting for your order to come through. Every time I ordered, the person taking my order is smiling and waiting patiently for my indecisiveness. Never loses his or her patience and has that scary non-stop smile.   I order the usual: 1 double double, 1 animal fries, 2 double double protein style and a drink. They take my order and start to make the food. Mind you, this place is made to order. As in, they cook your food AFTER you order. Not have the food already premade, waiting for you to order. Even if they cook to order, the food still comes out at a good time.  The prices are cheap and the food is always tasty. In N Out has good intentions and stick to their integrity instead of sacrificing that to gain more profit. I've heard plenty of amazing stories about In N Out and their generosity and their religious background. This place is nothing short of amazing. If only other fast food chains could do the same or something similar... Till then!  

                Great burger.  ordered two meals with cheese medium drink and fries.  we've been wanting to go to in and out burger since we came to California last week.  this was our last stop before heading to the airport and it was well worth the wait. although the fast food look in the drive-through gives the impression that it is a fast food restaurant it's not as fast as you would think.  we waited about 10 minutes for burgers but when they came they were hot fresh and well put together.  The shoestring fries are never frozen. they were pretty good too however they were little too hard for my taste so I didn't really eat all of them. The burgers come with lettuce and tomato and the special thousand Island sauce.  lol I could use a few pickles and that would've made everything alright, but my opinion this place gets five stars...hands-down.  

                OK, so you should probably already know about In-N-Out. If you don't well, you should. Get on that, chief.  This In-N-Out is much like any other one, which is a testament to chain places. This particular In-N-Out stands out for one thing, though: it's the closest to Oakland Airport. Upon landing in that lovely facility, you can quickly make your way over here and have a double double in your hot little hands in under 20 minutes. Welcome to California! Livin' the dream, baby!  

                First time ever to an inn and out. Menu is very simple and they have their service down to a science. I had their double burger with fries and it was a good burger. They cut their own fries right in front of you. And the place was jam packed. While waiting I witnessed them make a double batch of fries with cheese, steam the then put chili on it. Wow who is gonna eat that? They did Agee so obviously a lot of  people. So for my first experience it was good, we don't have one here in El Paso but I would go back if I had the opportunity.  

                It's In-N-Out.. what more do I need to say? The area's kinda sketchy at night .. but yea it's Oakland. But when you're craving a burger after picking up/dropping off someone at the airport, there's no where closer than this place.  Busy as all In-N-Out's are all throughout the day. Either get the burger, cheeseburger, double double or however many patties you, regular/animal style.   One of only two in-n-outs located in the East bay, the other being in Pinole, but then again I can't complain because outside of California aside from Vegas, people can't even get it if they wanted.  

                That one time you bit into the most glorious, life-changing burger that took you almost 30 years of life to introduce to your taste buds.   Mine high-fived me from inside my mouth, you guys. And then they all kicked me in the teeth for taking so long to try In-N-Out.   It's not really my fault, you see. I live in Cleveland--grew up there, actually. And I've never lived anywhere else. And although I've visited the Bay Area (7x) and LA (once) it still wasn't until my most recent trip that I wrapped my lips around this burger and those ridiculous fries. Holy ish.   Depending on who you are, you might think I'm crazy for not ordering all the things "animal-style" on my first voyage to In-N-Out. But judge me if you want to--I think it was vital for my first try to taste an untainted burger and fries. It was worth it. My god. And I promise I'll try it animal-style eventually. But the burger, with all it's accessories, was delicious on its own.   I love that the menu is simple, yet customers have complicated it with their "secret" offerings. My guy ordered a 5x5. If you want to see what a meat and cheese tower looks like mushed between two buns, just order one of these. Also, I've never seen him happier. I also dig the fresh ingredients, those handcut crazy-delicious fries and my sweet In-N-Out hat I grabbed on the way out.   The ordering process and line can get insane, so just keep that in mind. Also keep in mind it's worth whatever you have to do to eat all their food.  

                It's in-n-out! Simple menu, great food, great service.   My order:  a Hamburger with... - Whole raw onions  - Grilled onions - Extra lettuce - Extra tomatoes - No pickles  All this for 2.05 + tax! An easy way to double your burger size for free :)  Occasionally I get extra crispy fries or animal style fries :D   This place never disappoints!  

                Never a bad time here, right? On the way to the Oakland airport, so good spot to stop at on your way. Decent sized parking lot leads you into the joint. If you've been to one I&O, you've been to them all. This one is just like the others, so expect relatively cheap prices, friendly cashiers, and fast service. The hamburger, plain fries, and strawberry shake (really thick) were on point, and I left stuffed as always. Good place to hit up when you're trying to catch a flight and not spend the $500 inside on Starbucks and McDonalds.  

                I love in-N-out! Simple burgers and fries. I usually ask for the spread, but this time I got animal style fries for my siblings.   It gets busy here, but the staff are friendly and they work fast. It is located right next to Walmart, so it can be a bit ghetto. This is the only in-N-out in Oakland, so it's the place to go for convenience.  Random fact: You can always smell the delicious scent when you drive by.  

                Taking forever for a fast food joint.  Wouldn't come back except for another food emergency.  Omg, like a 15/20 min wait for "fast" food.  I like a good burger, next time Burger Meist.  

                This location is within a few miles from the Oakland airport, which may be why it seems extra busy. Anyway, the drive thru line curves around the entire parking lot and the line inside is super long as well. I guess we all know how good INO is! I don't mind waiting when I go, as I always expect it and know I will get my order exactly the way I want.  tip - if you are going inside, park close to the exit/entrance, as it will decrease your chance of getting caught up in the drive thru line of waiting cars  

                Garlic mouth breathers, pay attention, gaaarlic!  Confession, been smuggling garlic in Lay potato chip bag, one fresco clove garlic twisted, busted...drop in bag & shake it like a bag of hip chips...enjoy with fries & grilled onions....brace yoself, delicioso, muy bien...mamamia...  What did papa tomato say to baby tomato...ketchup, garlic chip fries yum yum sum ketchup.  Remember to enjoy while breathing with both nose & mouth, & 2 ears 1 mouth, listen 2 speak 1.  Have it yo way.  Beefy 2/10, but 9/10 execution, searing the best they can with what they working with, thin patties, tuff to build crust while still keeping it juuuicy...3 stars for effort & consistency, only few times when extra busy wet burgers were served form undercooking. Love the vibe, professional, clean, consistent, fresco every component of burger, & fresco fries, & fresco drinks cus self serve, freakin fresco...  

                I never have less than a five-star experience at all of the in and out burger's I've ever been to.and this one is no exception. It's right by the Oakland airport at it next to the Walmart shopping center.The employees are as friendly as ever and there's no wonder they're paid more than minimum wage!  

                This rating is for the service at the location. We all know that in-n-out food is amazing so I won't dwell on that. This is one of the only locations that I've been to that actually services their customers though. There was a person running orders to tables constantly and she was nice enough to take our trays as well. Not like a fast food restaurant at all. Maybe it was because I came on a weekday, but it was still relatively busy. All the tables were cleaned in a timely manner and all in all, the quality of service definitely made my dining experience more enjoyable!  

                What can I say that other visitors have not mentioned who like a fresh burger, good service, good value and a clean environment. In-N-Out has been a success story because it takes care of the customer. My fav.. The Double Double with No Onions, No Tomatos, & Extra Extra Pickles!!! Yumm.  

                I love in and out - my favorite food franchise by far.   Everything is so standard wherever location you go to.  I used to get the animal fries but just get the fries or cheese fries now accompanied by three Flying Dutchman.  The location isn't too bad and I usually come before the Warrior games to grab a bite to eat.  Sometimes the drive through line is crazy long (one time I waited 25 minutes in the drive through line) but it is always worth the wait!  

                This In N Out is kinda in the ghetto area but still worth it. The drive thru at night can be very long, but the line will go by fast.  

                The food was great, but otherwise the experience gave me pause. I thought all In-N-Outs were the same, but I guess not? Someone I was with ordered a meal deal expecting fries to come along with his order and was sadly surprised to find they either don't have meal deals at this location or the order was taken incorrectly. We were in a hurry and in the drive thru so we didn't go back to check. We also experienced a twilight zone moment when our food was handed to us at the pick up window one item per box at a time. When we asked for a to go bag, the woman looked at us like we were from Mars. I always thought the default for the drive thru was to get your food in a paper bag unless they ask if you would prefer to eat in the car. Guess not. She proceeded to put one item per bag for a total of five bags. Very strange. Also, when we asked for no ketchup we ended up with about thirty packets. Not that I minded, I love ketchup but we have a giant container at home so I didn't want to waste them. All in all, I would probably go back but I would double check my order before leaving next time...  

                I have heard about this place in music, in movies, and in books.  Unfortunately I live on the east coast.  So I finally had a chance to travel to the opposite coast with the cool temps of San Mateo and took a side trip to Oakland to try this burger.  Just like everyone says it is a very good burger prepared exactly how you want it.  I had the Protein style burger, which is simply a burger wrapped in lettuce without the bun.  You can get extra cheese and mustard on the burger while it cooks.  There is no barbecue sauce but there is ketchup and a special sauce that looks like thousand island but doesn't taste anything like it.    Now onto the french fries.  If the burger is made the way you want it who would think that the fries are as well.  I asked for my fries to be extra crispy and yes I got them with a little extra crisp.  Wow!!  I would recommend learning the correct way to order it will only make the experience better for you.    Enjoy and tell your friends.  

                WORST IN N OUT I'VE EVER BEEN TO! The fries were so crunchy and the hamburger bun was toasted! This place was empty when I arrived, that should have been a clear warning. I sat outside and ended up giving my fries to the pigeons & even they didn't eat them.  

                Good location. Working people are good. French Fries no good. Also burger. Burger very salt. Fries like a paper  

                Its hard to believe that every time I come here, my meal is better than the time before, but it is absolutely true. I have been to this location dozens of times, but I'll go ahead and rate this last time, since the meal was just UNBELIEVABLE delicious, the staff was super friendly, our food came out lightening quick, and the neopolitan shake was just... sigh... foodgasm in my mouth.  

                In N out is oh so good been a staple in this hood try everything animal style will fill you up for a while Don't like them animal style fries eat too much and you'll die.  OK, so this is an In-N-Out in the hood (sort of).  DO NOT leave your stuff in your car else it will get jacked (some friends had some stuff jacked while eating, but it was their fault for leaving it out in plain sight).   Place is a lot safer during the day, but at night, want to make sure your stuff is in the trunk or something.  Just a warning.  

                Took an hour to receive an order of fries and animal fries. Found out they messed up the order. Complained to the manager and he ask what's wrong? As if there was nothing wrong with the service. I won't be back. A huge family of 8 in line behind us received their order before us. Found out our order got over looked. No apology from management.  

                My go to fast food joint for burgers here in the Town. My real go to spot on my cheat days from the gym or I'm hitting up an A's or Raiders game. Prices are still cheap for the quality and quantity of food you receive. My usual order is a 4x4 (4 meat, 4 cheese) animal style burger with grilled mustard and onions. Its hands down outstanding for your tastebuds. (After weight training leg day I can eat 2 of these like a 8x8 with no remorse) animal style fries always hits the spot. Something about thousand island cheese and onions makes you feel like you eating Big Mac fries. The chocolate shake is how I finish it off and it doesn't disappoint. It wasn't overly thick, it was perfect texture. I felt like I didn't have to suck out one of my eyeballs when drinking it. Worth your money, and the workers there hustle. They do there best, regardless.  

                Ridiculous in how they close early when panda next door is still open. Panda all the way  

                Made the mistake of coming at peak hours: the food was quite rushed, burgers hardly seasoned. Very little Animal Style to my Animal Style 2x2. Do yourself a favor and get a burger at like, um, 3 PM?  

                Typical In-n-out location. Diner is OK clean at times.  Only reason to visit is because of animal fries :p  

                Fresh food at a place that has a culture of being creative, friendly, fast and affordable.  It's really weird, even when I am travelling on expenses, I will always include a meal at one of these places.  While I really do live living in Oregon, I sure do miss my in n out burgers.  If you have friends  who typically have a tough time ordering, this is the place to bring them.  It's a hamburger.... How many pattys and with or without cheese.  Shake soda or coffee... While technically you have a choice of adding fries or not, you are going to hate your life if you pass them up. My only complaint is that they optimize their process to move the cars through the drive through and I am such a slob I have to go inside...  So I wait...  (Or I go through the drive through for speed and then carry it in for convenience). Go there and enjoy a great burger... Or not, because if you don't actually live near one, you may be better off not knowing what it is that you are missing.  For the adventuresome, Google secret menu to learn how to expand your options before you come.  

                My go to place for a 4x4 animal style cheeseburger with animal fries and a chocolate shake.  

                I'm from the East Coast and as soon as I came to SF, I immediately had to try In N' Out. Needless to say, it was an okay experience for me.  Maybe because I didn't to the classic red tray, or maybe I got it to go and everything go cold.  It could be that I'm used to Shake Shack here and apparently it's an healthy fast food joint, but if I'm eating fast food, I'm not planning to be healthy.  Will try again as soon as I am go back to the West Coast.  

                Just simply want a great quality fresh cheeseburger? Want it fast and casual? Tired of Microwave Fast food restaurant? Then, In-N-Out Burger is perfect place for you.   Every once in a while, I just want a tasty fresh classic cheeseburger that is made with excellent quality ingredient. In-N-Out Burger offers the quality that I am looking with a reasonable price that I can afford.   I used to visit McDonald and BK. Over the year, the burgers became more processed with chemicals and cheaper low quality ingredient. They make everything in the factory and defrost it for you in the restaurant. After eating them, I can feel my stomach's unrest and discomfort.  On the other hand, you can see the ingredient being cooked in In-N-Out Burger. Everything looks fresh and genuine. The employees are look happy and energized. Watching them cook is quite entertaining, which make me almost forgot about the 5 -10 minute wait time. In term of taste, I will just simply say that In-N-Out Burger is A LOT better than McDonald and others. I am not really a expert of burger, so I can't describe how it taste so much better.   One thing I don't like is how much calories and fat for the in burgers. As a result, I feel a bit guilty eating there and have to schedule a 2 hours workout to get those couple hundred calories of fat off. I wish they at least have a low fat burger, then it will be perfect. Also, you have to be aware of visiting In-N-Out Burger during rushing hours. I came here around 6pm, and the line is ridiculous. The amount of time that my car would have to spend on drive-through waiting will probably cost me another 2$ in gas. In this situation, it is much better to park your car and go inside. The line inside the store is also likely to be shorter. Don't worry about parking, there are plenty of parking space there.  Overall, In-N-Out Burger offers quality fast food burger, but beware of the high fat and the long line.  

                Been going here since I was a kid. Always bring back nostalgia getting food here. Great burgers at a great price, plus you can make custom orders! Hits the spot and doesn't leave you feeling icky afterwards.  

                This is the In N Out I usually go too. It gets busy here but orders are made quickly and accurately. Like I tell others who have never eaten at an In N Out, there is nothing fancy or very special about this place, the food just tastes good and you really enjoy it.  

