                Great food, very friendly folks manning the place. While menu is not plentiful, everything is perfect.   For us, a pleasant discovery was  the pleasure of humus with pickles ( thank you, yelper!). Will start coming more often for the humus!  Nice, cozy place - and parking was open!  

                A quaint little shop that we stopped by thanks to Yelp.  We had the chicken and kubideh combination platter.  Chicken was a little dry, but the kubideh was tasty.  Next time, I'll try their kubideh wrap.  Overall, It's a simple, no frills establishment with solid good food.  An easy spot to stop in for a quick bite for lunch.  TLDR: Solid kabob spot.  

                GREATE FOOD, we tried kubideh kaboob and  chicken kaboob, as a persian, I say: both were perfect. Also, try the persian ice cream bar ( as dessert), you gonna love it.  

                This is a nice little hidden place which wasn't too busy when we came in to pickup some dinner. We had an idea of what we wanted when we checked them out online and then drove in to make the order and pickup the food. We ordered beef and chicken kabobs, hummus, salad, and a wrap. They asked us if we wanted individual plates or family style. We said family style which came out in big metal pans. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time and we enjoyed the big feast at home.  

                Tiny place, hard to park, small selection. But good food. Nice portions, very tasty.  the sign is not lit, so hard to find at night. It's right before the gas station.  

                Dropped by on a whim after getting my ears pierced next door. Wasn't particularly hungry but was curious about the 4.5 stars so I got a single kubideh skewer to-go per the guy's recommendation.  It was flavorful and moist hot off the grill, but for $4 I expected something more than just ground beef. I possibly just ordered something not particularly to my taste, and I may come back to try the chicken kebabs with rice as a meal. We shall see!  

                The lamb shank is awesome! So tender and flavorful. The rice is full of seasoning. It's so different than the East Asian rice I grow up with but I love it. Want to go back to try their kabobs next time.  

                Awesome fresh every time owners are not only one of the nicest people but food is always on point and fresh if you have been thinking of going to Isfahan don't think just go super delicious!!  

                I'm Persian and so I know good Persian food.. This place has good food and good value. I wish they had more choices for appetizers and stews but overall good place. Better for takeout and not a sit down place really  

                Isfahan Kabob, how did you end up where you ended up?  The Boy literally took a few turns here and there and suddenly we were in front of this restaurant, next to a tattoo shop and a piercing shop.  Weird.  The parking seems to be a little tight here: some in the front, some along the side and some in the back (I'm assuming the last one).    The place was completely empty on a Sunday night.  However, the phone was ringing off the hook.  We sat down and ordered our food.  I had the chicken combo, the Boy had shishkabob.  Food came out quickly, along with a side of onions, butter (for your rice) and limes.  Uh.  Delicious.  I can see why this place is such a popular take out.  I gobbled up more than half of mine before I gave up and the Boy ate more than 3/4 before he realized he wouldn't have any leftovers if he kept continuing on this path.  We took ours to go.  The owners (assuming again) seem to know everyone that comes through and asked if it was our first time.  We said yes, and that we'd be back again, fo shizzy.  

                Great little place - food is very good - if you don't expect 4 star service and want a quick kabob fix at reasonable price - you will be very happy  

                Delicious! Clean surroundings, quiet atmosphere and amazing food! New to Persian cuisine but it's obvious they know what they're doing. The platters are huge and filling and the ice cream is to die for. Honestly, I'm already craving it again. Also tried the non carbonated Doogh, surprisingly tart and yummy! The staff is helpful and kind, they gave us a complimentary Persian tea to try! You won't leave hungry, or too stuffed. Perfect meal!  

                Small mom and pop operarion but serves an authentic persian food. I love the Kobideh and Kabobs..seasoned right and so flavorful. By the way the Persian Ice cream is home made and the best ice cream I've ever had. The only down side is parking and small bathroom. Other than that..great food made with love by hardworking people.  

                Greeted by a nice young man.  He kindly explained the menu to us and showed us our food choices.  We decided on the chicken/beef kabob and the ground beef kabob along with the appetizer of walnuts, paneer, and basil (cannot remember the name).    The meats were all perfectly seasoned and tender and served with fluffy, perfectly cooked rice.  The appetizer was fresh and the ingredient combination was delicious.  Minus one star because this restaurant does not make its own hummus (I wanted to order this until I found out it came from a industrial sized tub).  Service was excellent and friendly.  

                Nice place. Delicious meals specially I love beryani. Very nice services.  

                First time here. Ordered the combination rice plate. Comes with chicken , beef and rice. Very fulfilling. You get your money's worth. Will come back next time I'm in the area.  

                overall pretty good if you are already in the area.  koobideh good flavor and texture.  chicken seemed slightly under seasoned.  reasonable prices.  

                Great spot! Kubideh is on point and the price isn't too bad at all. Clean place, too. Definitely coming back.  

                Food was great, , but the spoons & forks so old  made  me sick  to use it,   they should replace it with new one really,  needs to do something about it,  they are so old and  bad !  Hope the owner see my review before next time i go there to replace it with new one.  

                What a hidden gem!!  Happen to be in the neighborhood while my daughter was getting her ears pierced - was starved so stopped into Isfahan Kabob.  What an AWESOME surprise...  We started off with their hummus! OH MY - I've NEVER had hummus with pickles before and never realized I was totally missing out.  The fresh hummus came with sliced flavorful tomatoes and pickles and lavash bread...  It's like have multiple flavors that you can choose...  you can eat just the hummus, eat it with the tomato or eat it with the pickle...  each one with a different texture and flavor - what an AWESOME treat!!  I also had the chicken kabob - was SO TENDER with a touch of lime seasoning - with perfectly cooked rice and a roasted tomato.  I was so pleasantly surprised how fragrant, tender and delicious this was.  Hubby had the special - I don't know what it was called but it was like a stew with a little bit of meat in a spinach stew..  Perfectly seasoned - perfectly balanced - not too strong or overwhelming.  Eating it with the rice was PERFECT!  He polished off the dish and when the owner noticed how much hubby loved it he - gave him 2nd helpings!!  Home cooking at it's best.  This was a perfected persian dish that really was a delicious surprise!  All in all this is truly a hidden gem.  We've eaten at many different persian places and now this is our FAV!  Worth the drive out!!  

                I got the chicken and kubideh (ground beef kabob). The kubideh was definitely very tasty and the chicken was better than my expectation.  The other choice is kubideh wrap which is decently priced.  

                This place is really easy to miss and I've probably driven by it thousands of times not even knowing it existed.  I came on a friend's recommendation.  The place is really quaint and clean.  The two owners were very inviting and nice.  I felt bad cause they prefer a 20 buck minimum if you use a card and my meal was only half that - but, they still rang my card up.    I tried their chicken wrap - and it was pretty up to par with some of my favorite kabob places.  The ingredients were really fresh, and they use a good amount of pickles! I love pickles! I think a spicy sauce or dip to accompany my wrap was lacking - only cause I've become accustomed to it at other locations.  

                Those sheesh and chicken kabob were soooo yummy! Even my 4 and 2.5 years old son finished the entire plate with meat! Then my 7 months old baby girl loved the rice too. I can't wait to go back again!  

                Very authentic Persian food it is amazing tastes delicious and there pricing is reasonable I visit this restaurant twice a month to get my fix  

                Great persian food for to go! If you dont want the whole resturant experience for persian food Isfahan Kabob is a great place to grab some kabobs to go! Staff is really friendly.  

                My favorite restaurant, hands down, ever! My boyfriend introduced me to this little hidden gem about three years ago. I've been hooked ever since and I literally eat there at least 2x's a week. It's family own and run and they are the sweetest people ever. The food is always consistent and excellent. I love the Kubideh. They also have daily specials every week. I love the lamb shank special. They also make this wonderful eggplant appetizer that is to die for, but you have to ask for it as they don't always have it on hand. But when they do, you're in for a treat! I've turned all of my friends and family on to this place too. This is my favorite, go-to restaurant when I just want some yummy, hot, home-made-with-love food. LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!  

                Highly Recommended! This is the best quality meat you can ever think of, I've been to all the persian restaurants in the SF Bay Area and this place is the only one I was able to eat the whole plate of Sultani+Rice, since it was so tender and high quality. If you would like the business owner cares about you like they are cooking for their own family, this is the place you should definitely try, it's like you are having a quality home made food (no $$$$ oriented) Yelp Reviews and the awesome ratings say it all though, I just wanted to have a contribution :-)  

                I'm Persian. From Tehran and then Los Angeles. So I know my Persian food and I give these guys 5/5!!! So delicious and unpretentious. The koobideh (both beef and chicken) were amazing. The rice was well prepared. The service is prompt and courteous. I'm a big fan. Definitely recommending this place to anyone with working taste buds :)  

                My boyfriend ordered the Chicken Kubideh Combination and I got the wrapped Kubideh Kabob! I loved everything about this place! Definitely a hole in the wall but super awesome! The kabob was filled with flavor but the chicken was a bit dry and flavorless. If I were to go again, I would get the rice dish with just the kabob and roasted tomato! I got the Persian tea for the first time as well thinking it was iced tea. It was very strong even when I added sugar. Not my taste but very flavorful! Awesome place! I recommend the wrap!  

                The worst  persian food you can find around! The food was awful, the behavior was also awful. I asked for tahdig and the guy said we dont have, then they started talking in farsi that they wont give their tahdig to someone who was a first time visitor! Never ever go there again! The food quality was also very bad.  

                was looking to get some middle eastern food ,  was in the area and decided to check them out  great choice !!!  good food & great prices :-) only problem was they use cheap paper plates & plastic spoon & fork is a small place with little dine in area , but I recommend the food to anyone what wants some great kabobs ..........  

                I had the chicken and koobideh plate for 13.99. For that price you get a skewer of chicken breast, a skewer of koobideh, a bunch of rice, and a grilled tomato. This is one of the best plates of chicken and koobideh I have ever had. Note that this is a hole in the wall type of place where you stand in line and order the food. Then you sit down at one of the 7 or 8 tables and they bring the food out to you. I highly recommend this restaurant for the food and I'm definitely coming back.  

                The food is good. Your typical authentic Kabob joint.  It's served in styrofoam plates!! The ambiance is so so. Not good for a dinner date or to impress. More like a quick lunch place.  The price is a bit on the moderate side. Persian food is usually higher than your ordinary restaurants.   It's great for take outs.   I recommend this place and would go here again.  

                I'm not usually a fan of koobideh kabobs (ground beef kabobs), but this place has converted me.  Although I usually prefer barg (filet mignon) or joojeh (chicken) kabobs, I always get the koobideh here.    A quick snapshot: reasonable prices.  Friendly service.  Small but comfy decor. Located in a very small outdoor strip mall with limited parking.  As of July 9, 2013, they accept Visa/Mastercard but not Discover or AMEX.  

                Chicken koobideh and beef koobideh was yummy. Juicy and aromatic. The marinate was well done. Sear on the meat was nice.  Chicken kabob however was dry. Adequate rice. But to substitute rice with the half rice-half salad option, it was an additional $2 which was pricey. And to get the yogurt-cucumber sauce its an additional charge. We declined that but the owner was kind enough to offer us a small side to try without charge.  Service was ok but not really a sit in restaurant with full service. There were 3 of us but we got one cup of water to share among us. Good place for take out -we'll definitely keep that in our list.  

                Best Persian food I have ever ate! I always get the chicken kabob entree. I am now a regular! Crave it every time I'm in San Jose! You have got try! Absolutely delicious and authentic  

                It is rare to find a Persian kabob place in the US whose kabobs taste exactly like the good ones you have in your memory from Iran. Isfahan Kabob is one of those places. Not a fancy place, but the food is great. We got koubideh (ground beef kabob)  and joujeh (shish kabob) and they both were very tasty.  

                Good food and wonderful service.  

                This place has great food and very friendly service. Prices are reasonable (but not necessarily cheap) and though it is a very small place, there are plenty of tables if you would like to sit down and enjoy your meal. The meat is cooked very well and all of the dishes are prepared authentically - most of my Persian friends go here for their Iranian food and drink fix!  

                Maybe my personal experience of koubideh is limited (I've only had it here) but I was definitely pleased with the food. Tasty flavors and that charred tomato is super good.  The employees (and maybe an owner, I can't be sure) are supremely friendly and really care about your experience.   Also isn't koubideh just fun to say?  

