                Very rarely I get an amazing chorizo burrito, but lately I have been testing my luck and ordering them at places I've never tried before. (LA vic's is a thumbs down!)  Jalisco's is a PLUS FOR THE DRIVETHRU!!! Their #3 chorizo burrito is even better! I Order Mine With Cheese :)  You can also choose a size!! Sm, md, or lrg!  I also ordered one tripas taco just to test how good this place was:)    Very satisfied! !  

                Update:  very disappointed!  I had such a great experience last visit decided to come back.  Night and day experience.    I ordered same exact thing pastor supreme.    Horrible.... Everything about the burrito tasted old.  Tortilla tasted old, pastor was burnt, rice tasted like it was scrapped off the bottom of the tray, beans tasted a few days old.  If I was the type to return food it would have been gone.    Not sure what's up with this place but this experience makes me want to not come back.  

                Burritos are very tasty, but the workers are very stingy with giving out sauces and limes.   The cashier on the drive thru was very rude and closed the window after asking for a few sauces, it is ridiculous that they only give you one tiny portion of sauce for 3 orders.   They obviously are making money to afford to give out more sauces and limes when asked.  

                Came here tonight for the first time tonight. I'll admit, I was lazy and craving Mexican food and plus it's pouring outside and saw that this place has a drive thru and closes at 3AM thurs, fri and sat!   DRIVE THRU was packed when we arrived, way more than an In-N-Out! That means it must be crackin! Haha  Surprisingly the wait wasn't long at all. And parking is gonna be a bitch to get out of because of the drive thru lines lol   Anyways, Service - Keep hearing negative things about the service here in drive thru. My experience was pleasant, the guy who took our order was nice.  Boyfriend and I got the Shrimp Burrito. I love that you can choose the sizes of your burritos. I got a medium and bf got a large.  TASTE - The flavoring was good and I was really full off my medium burrito. Generous portions of shrimp, and not too much rice. Perfect amounts of everything in my burrito and it was very flavorful. It definitely hit the spot and definitely recommend!   Will be coming back!  

                It's 3:02AM Sunday morning and they made me a happy dude getting some authentic Mexican food over Jack n the Box!!! Food is BOMB!!!  

                4 STAR.  My coworker has been raving about Jalisco's for well over a year, (he's been going for a couple years) and I finally went with him about a couple weeks ago to check out these epic carne asada tacos that he keeps talking about... and WOW, the carne asada tacos were AMAZING!  We went around 12:45 on a weekday. It wasn't too crowded when we got there - maybe we just beat the lunch traffic. When we went in, I absolutely knew that this was a taco joint. Every on in the restaurant was eating tacos. I decided to try some of the different meats on the tacos, which were only $1.65 each! I tried a carne asada, carnitas, and an al pastor taco. The best one was definitely the carne asada taco (5-star rating for sure). The meat was so tender and juicy, and they put their own green salsa on top which had a little bit of a kick, but it was soooo good. I wasn't as big of a fan of the carnitas or al pastor taco (would rate these a 2.5 to 3 star). They tasted fine, but the meat wasn't as tender as the carne asada, which is what they are known for.  Anyway, after the devouring those 3 tacos in less than 10 minutes, I went back to the counter and ordered 2 more carne asada tacos. I just couldn't get enough of them. I asked for extra lime on the side and went to town on them. I would say that the average person can easily eat 4-6 of these tacos in one sitting, no problem. That's how good they are.  They accept credit cards here so don't worry about bringing cash. The staff is pretty friendly too. The only thing I am wary about is the location of Jalisco's. It isn't in the best part of town, and that's why my coworker recommended we go for lunch, as opposed to dinner or a late night snack. Other than that, the experience was great. Will definitely be back to get more carne asada tacos from Jalisco's for lunch!  

                So my boyfriend and I went here on a Friday night because we were seriously craving some carne asada tacos. Found this place through Yelp and was surprised that it included a drive thru and the fact that they're open until 3am!  As expected, this joint gets crackin with cars in line. When we went, there were a lot of cars parked on the side just hanging out. Their menu is pretty straight forward if you know what you want to order.  If you don't speak Spanish, make sure you speak clear of what you want! We had to keep repeating what our orders were because the person taking them (from what it seemed) didn't speak too much English. We literally just ordered 10 carne asada tacos, 1 carne asada burrito (plain, no rice - just meat), and a large horchata.  It seemed like they were getting irritated because we just wanted all meat in the burrito. They didn't even tell us our total, when they told the other cards ahead of us theirs. When we finally got the window, they told us our total, took our card, then gave us a little clipboard to sign, and proceeded to give us our bag. We checked to make sure we got all our food and asked if we could have hot sauce. The worker straight up shoved it at us. All while this was happening, she didn't say one word - nor did she have a pleasant facial expression!  I understand working late nights blow, but at least throw on a fake smile or something. Food was alright. Wish the hot sauce was actually "hot".  

                Ok ok. I had my doubts at first but this place is bomb! I normally don't like burritos but I decided to give them another try n when I did..AMAZING! I feel like I've been missing out on so much. Haha. Anyways. I tried the carne asada medium supreme burrito with no beans. Like I said..amazing. So much flavor OMG. n I asked for jalapeños on the side which made it even more amazing than it already was! The jalapeños taste so fresh AMAZING!  N hey it's really hard to find Mexican food that I actually like. But real..this place is good. I tried their tacos n they're good too. Idk about any other meat cuz I like to stick to carne asada.   Try this place. It's bomb.   5 points for Gryffindor!!!  

                Food is great but the drive thru cashier was rude af i dont know if she was having a bad day but i didn't appreciate her poor customer service.  Her name is Carmen.  

                They have the best tacos in town. I have been coming to this place for a very long time and their tacos always taste great.  

                Unfortunately, they completely messed up my order tonight in the drive-thru.  Receipt had it right, bag contained the wrong items.  I didn't realize it until I made the 25 min drive home.  So sad.  AND disappointed.  It's not often that I'm out in the East Side anymore.    Quality is even worse than before...   Check your orders before driving away!  

                Authentic Mexican food. They will speak to you in Spanish before they will on English but they quick to tell if you only can speak English.   The food here feels so much cleaner and fresh than other late night Mexican food spots. Doesn't leave you feeling gross after eating a whole burrito.   I really enjoy the burritos, hot plates, and tacos. Most of the meat is amazing but I was not the biggest fan of their seafood meats.   Don't forget the salsa and lime! Those are essential to the complete balance of the perfect bite. The salsa is not spicy but I would call it Mexican mild.  

                Hands down my favorite place for burritos in SJ. They're open late every night and Thursday through Saturday till 3am! The drive thru is always packed but how can anyone complain about that? If you're too impatient to wait in your car...on your butt...park and order inside where you'll be waiting on your feet lol. My one and only complaint is that my order total is inconsistent. My boyfriend and I always order the same thing: 4 large burritos and 4 tacos, but what I pay ranges from $35-40. Don't really understand how the pricing differs from one night to the next when I'm ordering the exact same thing. I also like how their hot sauce isn't too spicy; even though most people dislike that, it's good for people like me who can't handle anything too spicy but still like a little extra kick in every bite.  

                A good place to have good Mexican food specially tacos a good place to have dinner with the family  

                I usually get their burritos but I wanted to try something new and ordered 3 carneasada tacos through the drive thru and must I say they are worth almost $2 each! Taste fresh and they give you a lot of meat per taco. I love how they have a drive thru, but it does get busy at times.  

                This place sucks just by the way the cashier charged me twice. Definitely shows that they did not train the employee right. At least supervision should be done while they train on the job. Did not make my day I'm sad  

                The best carne asada burritos & salsa in San Jose. Their drive thru is the icing on the cake!  

                okay been here many times. Inside to eat or takeout. As well as drive thru. If you catch the drive thru at the right time it wont be super long otherwise it will probably be crazy long... but well worth the wait for sure!!!! i love everything i try always. I live close so i love that its open so late yes!! super plus. The staff is really nice too. Bare with them they are always working hard and busy! the only thing i havent tried is breakfast. Which i cant wait to try!  

                While trying to decide on a quick dinner before "Downton Abbey" started,  I told my bf I wanted to try here (he's been many times). We were going to try the drive-thru but as soon as we pulled in we knew that wasn't going to happen (it's popular being it stays open til 3am) . Inside was much faster.  Now l try to base taquerias on their carne asada tacos and horchatas. This place does a great job. Plenty of meat, onions and cilantro and the corn tortillas were warm and soft. I didn't get an horchata as I was sleepy and in need of caffeine, so I got a coke.  So a good choice for a quick bite, the only draw backs are the drive-thru and the parking lot sucks.  

                I really don't get the hype.  Came here and tried the following because of the review from Yelp:  1) Supreme Nachos: $6...is that the reason why so many people rave about it?  Because it's cheap?  Because it really wasn't all that. 7-11 style cheese, under seasoned carne asada, bland pinto beans, and generic pico de gallo.  This was beyond disappointing.  I'd gladly pay the extra $2 to get the nachos are Araujo's.  They load it up and it's great carne asada.   2) Al Pastro Taco with Pineapple: This was tasty.  The al pastor had some nice seasoning and the pineapple gave a nice sweetness.  But I like pineapple in basically anything so I knew I would like this.  3) Shrimp Burrito: Meh, it was whatever.  I think baja has some tastier shrimp burritos and that's not saying much.  They had ONE type of hot sauce and it was also bland.    Should have guessed this wouldn't be that authentic when I saw the generic horchata machine.  

                This place is wonderful! Wonderful service, & delicious food, and the large is a legit large, wonderful portions for a reasonable price! Totally recommend it, & will totally come back soon!  

                One of the freshest and best burritos I've tried.   The only thing I hate the most is when I ask for no beans and it happens!!!! Get my order correctly, might wanna update that intercoms that takes orders. Sounds and looks outdated.   I definitely cannot stress that this place is one of my favorites but they left beans in my burrito!!   Their sauce used to remind me of this Asian chili but it's definitely changed over the course of a year. Not consistent.. Get a little stingy when you ask for more in the drive-thru window.  

                The service is great even with a lot of customers and the workers are very nice and sweet. I like it. The burritos are fuuueeegooo.  

                I went here last night. My husband was working late so I was going to drop off some burritos.   I got a medium Burrito de camarones. For my husband I got him an Al pastor with everything in it.   The burrito de camarones is really good. It had some lemon it in already. So many juicy shrimp too. it was really, really good. The sour cream and guacamole is good.  The super Al pastor with everything in it was AMAZING. The meat was juicy and not salty at all.They asked if I wanted pineapple and I said yes but it wasn't in here. Even the leftovers were good. Seriously loved it. It was really a perfect burrito. We're joking about hitting this place up for lunch again.  People inside were nice to me? Not sure why people complain about the service. We had no problems. Love that this is a drive thru too.  

                Came here for their nacho, tacos and burrito. Got a nacho with carnitas and all the fixings, two al pastor and two chili verde tacos and a medium sized chicken burrito with everything.  Love the carnitas they put on the nachos. The pork was succulent and slightly crispy on the outside. The portion is substantial for only $6.   The burritos come in 3 sizes. We got the medium size $5.75 and it was satisfying. Tacos were equally good. price is reasonable. Service is great and I will be back!  

                Jalisco is infamous for it's late night drive through being open until 3:00am. I have friends who love love love jaliscos and I particularly don't find anything great about it. It is convenient for late night shananigns.   Plus- - Small, medium, and large burrito sizes  - drive through   Minus- - drive through takes forever(anytime of the day)    Nothing too special to jaliscos, except it's 3:00am hours of ability.  

                Came here around midnight, 1am, on a weekend night and ordered inside but was told we couldn't eat inside. Maybe we weren't aware of that fact or maybe we didn't read it somewhere that you can't dine inside even though you're still accepting customers inside while still being open until 3am. Could just have been us.  Anyway, I felt like I had to shout at the cashier in order for her to understand me and all this while I was pointing at what I wanted on the menu to her. I mean, it wasn't loud or anything in there but she didn't even look like she wanted to help us. But I ordered the Mexican style beef with rice, no beans and a side of salad. I ordered a soda bottle and didn't have a bottle opener. Seemed like she knew but didn't want to help me anymore so she started running to the back and sent someone else to go to the front who didn't even bother to acknowledge my presence. So here I was standing at the front like an idiot just staring at my bottle. Finally flagged them down, opened my bottle and left. By the time I reached the car, my friend and I had realized my friend ordered a tamarind drink but was giving an empty cup for fountain soda. Whatever.  Went home to find a few chewy and hard pieces of steak flooded in a tomato based sauce, no more like soup, and a bunch of jalapeños, no salad and scarce rice.  I mean I guess it was good for what it was.  

                Best camarones a la Diabla in the city, get it in the borito form and extra spicy, you will be happy.  

                I bit into a burrito and found rocks in it, I took it to the manager and he thought it was hilarious, probably the reason why he is working where he is, I've been going to jaliscos for around 20 years, the last couple of years they have been serving smaller items for higher prices, a small burrito is about the size of a egg roll but 5 times the price of one, greedy bastards and now they're using rocks as food fillers, I wonder what they put in there drinks, last time I will go there unless I'm craving rocks  

                Went here on the suggestion of my cousin, and I am so glad I did. The $6 deal for 4 tacos and a drink cannot be beaten. Unfortunately this deal is only for al pastor tacos, but that's perfectly fine with me because it is delicious. The lengua is also great, though it definitely keeps that tongue-y texture.The carnitas are amazing too. Basically, everything here is great. I could eat her everyday and not get tired of it!  

                This is the place to go after a night out downtown. It's open late, till 3am.   The tacos here are amazing and worth every penny. They are filled with meat and it's flavorful too.  I have nothing negative to say about this place and I'm glad it stays open late. It beats going to La Vic's with other drunkies and a long line to overcome.  

                Your choices are limited when you have the munchies at 1:30 in the morning. Jalisco Taqueria recently changed their hours for Thursday through Sunday to close at 3 am! I'm so glad I did because you're either stuck with fast food places like Jack in the Box or dine-in options like Denny's or Carrows when you're on the East Side and get hungry in the middle of the night. Jalisco is located on King and Story (more towards downtown) in a tiny strip mall. The drive through is convenient and works perfectly. The tacos I ordered are great and at a good price. Lots of selections and types of food and the order came out super fast. Remember that there is a drive through window and you have to place the order through the mic system and NOT at the window. I made that mistake and the staff was great to fill the order even though there was a huge line after me. Great food and service at Jalisco!  

                BOMB!! I love their tacos here im really picky especially when it comes to Mexican food and carne asada anything! hands down the best place for tacos & burritos they do half and half of whatever meat you want in your burrito for no extra charge winnin! :)  

                I ordered the quesadilla with carne asada meat in it but I got a giant taco instead. Somehow, even though the taco was mainly open-faced, they somehow managed to wrap it in foil, and keep all the carne asada meat from flying in every direction. Even the large slice of guac sat nicely above the sour cream without any spillage...magic?  It was good to me because it was plain Mexican food that was strangely missing something---extra grease. I had a bite of the burrito and was surprised that I couldn't taste oil slicks. Looks like I'll be coming back here more often.  

                Great quality food & service! Just wish they weren't so popular so I could have the drive-through all to myself!  

                Damn breakfast burritos.  

                I LOVE THAT THIS PLACE HAS A DRIVE THRU!!  They have the best carne asada meat!  The only con I have about this place is that they don't give enough lime. I ordered an enchilada plate, super burrito and 4 tacos and only got 2 limes when I asked for a lot of lime.  

                Love jaliscos but i swear its always a hit or miss with them, they either mix up the orders, or i get tacos with nothing but fat no meat, bearly any meat at all, stale tortillas, or they will give me 2 small things of salsa for 5 tacos then act like its an inconvenience to give you more. Shrimp burritos are great but there have been times when i take a bite and the whole shell is still on the shrimp. But then theres other times where the tacos are bomb and on point. Like i said hit or miss!  

                Delicious Mexican food! My favorite is their burrito Classico (carnitas) and their horchata. Most of their food is worth your money and not that expensive. King rd just have crazy drivers! Just be careful driving down there. :)  

                Another stupid cashier. When will they hire good people.  Otra cajera tonta en drive thrue.  

