                My cousin hosted a family event here with relatives all the way from Nicaragua and from all over the Bay Area. The last time I was here was over 13 years ago for my friend's wedding, I forgot how nice this little spot is.   While we waited at the bar, I ordered a mini bottle of Champagne. It was Mumm's and well priced. After that, I moved on to the Margaritas which were so good.  We had a huge table, so the menu was preplanned. It was a good way to organize our group and the choices were excellent. For appetizers, we had Brushetta and the Fried Vegetable appetizer. We all had a side salad, then you chose between the Salmon or NY Strip steak.   My guy and I both ordered the NY strip and absolutely loved it. We both actually had enough to take for lunch leftovers the next day. What a great dinner, event and reheated perfectly for the next day.  

                I've now eaten at Jason's several times, and I'm a fan!  In fact, we held our company Christmas party in their banquet room.    The staff is always very attentive, and the food is delicious and consistent.   On the lower end, I really like their Angus cheeseburger - yum!  Also, the "Healthy Fries" are a great starter (although not truly that healthy...:)  I think I skipped this place in the early days because it's in an office complex.  But really, that turns out not to matter.  The setting is nice, and in fact you can walk along the water after dinner which is not bad at all.  

                We went with a group of 9 people. I don't think a single one of us got the same dish and everyone enjoyed their food! The service was great for our table, my favorite part was that they put us at a round table to we could all talk instead of at a long table.  I would go back here for dinner again!  

                The food here tends to be very fresh and very good.  Some of the service staff seems a little pokey.    The lobster martini is a favorite as are the crab cakes.  For entrees, the rattlesnake extra spicy is my go-to dish.  The cajun pasta would be a close second.  If I was looking for a meatier meal the cajun ribeye wins hands down.  

                Happy Hour 3-6. Nice outdoor seating area and nice bar area. Bartender is friendly and creates a warm atmosphere.  Very reasonable prices.  

                Excellent Sea Bass with soft rice and spinach, I love the rice how they make it moist perfect for the meal, also have gnocchi equally excellent. Definitely will be back.  

                I had high hopes but it was extremely overpriced.   I thought there would be a view of the water too for some reason since it's right near the water but no. Service was ok but a $54 meal for two (two dinners and one glass of wine) tasted like $12.  Don't bother. Sorry, Jason for being rough but that was my experience!  

                I was pleasantly surprised by this meal! Meaning, we've been underwhelmed by the fare in Marin since moving here, so I assumed this would follow suit. Not the case! If you order the right stuff, as we did, you will be pleasantly surprised.  We tried: -Scallops -Salmon  -Chilean Sea Bass  Each was phenomenal, and I don't say that lightly. The scallops were seared to perfection, tender on the inside, and beautifully seasoned. Same goes for both fish dishes, perfectly, perfectly cooked, with amazing flavor. We knew to order these dishes based on the successful reviews here - thanks Yelp!  As far as atmosphere goes, it was a little stuffy, and a lot of old people (sorry old folks!).   Bottom line: We recommend and will definitely return!  

                My family and I were in Marin and looking for a place to eat.  We checked Yelp, and saw Jason's.  4 stars, I didn't check the written reviews, perhaps I should have.  The parking lot was full, which is always a good sign, and when we walked in, it was very busy, even though they were closing in an hour.  The restaurant itself was nicely decorated, open kitchen, and everything smelled wonderful.  We were a party of 6, so we had quite a variety of food.  I will just say, food, bland and cold.  Server, terrible!  She never checked back to see how anything was, my mother literally took one bite of her dinner and pushed it away, the server never came back to our table, so she didn't know.  The bussers were pretty on top of things, plate pulling, water refills, etc. When our plates were cleared, she came around to ask about dessert, that was the first we had heard from her since our food was brought out.  Half of us at the table work in the industry, and she didn't even have serving 101 down!  The food was definitely not worth the trip, especially with the service so lacking.  My salad was delicious, but pasta was barely lukewarm and needed salt several times, also the water was wonderful...if I'm going to pay over $200 for dinner, I expect to leave happy!  

                Our go to!  The food is wonderful and creative.  

                Food is always good and the service is solid.  Nothing fancy, but if you want good food at a great price, Jason's is the place.  

                Never disappointed! Get the sea bass or scampi of you like lemon, garlic, etc. Fabulous value, quality and service.  

                A splendid nest off the normal path! We wanted to celebrate our daughters first day of school and found Jason's on yelp.  We ate drank and ate some more all in the swanky jewel of San Rafel.  We honestly thought it was San Francisco,for a minute.  

                I like the fact that when I come into Jason's and sidle up to the bar, I don't see anyone I know unless I invited them. This is due in part to the somewhat hidden location of the restaurant. In fact I was completely unaware of it's existence until a good friend of mine introduced me to Jason's awhile back...For the most part everyone is friendly even though it is almost shoulder to shoulder during happy hour on the weekdays. A far cry from the atmosphere of certain locale's just down the road.. I mean happy hour is supposed to happy, isn't it?   I have dined, drank and explored this menu.. and have always been impressed by the execution of the dishes. They are a little haphazard in their overall theme, but I get Cali meets Japanese meets Italian.. and surprisingly all are excellent dishes..  Take the Poke appetizer for instance, it is served in a martini glass and always fresh and full of flavor.. then there's the pizza's, all are oven fired, and with creative toppings, like bolognese or smoked salmon with Mozzarella, mascarpone, leeks, capers and dill..   Jason's is decidedly creative, but always delicious and keeps me interested and coming back for more.. A little on the pricey side, but I am willing to pay the extra bucks for the delicious food and happy hours.  

                First of all.  Anyone who gave this place a high rating (esp. recently) needs to take their memory medication.  Maybe if I was a prison escapee and hadn't had "normal" food in years, and years, and years.  OK, maybe then.  While at Jason's Restaurant on Christmas Day, I nearly choked on the food. Not because I was not capable of cutting a steak into manageable pieces.  It was due to the $200+ bill for being served hospital cafeteria food that was slopped onto a plate.  See photo "Jason's nasty cafeteria-style food" and you be the judge.  And, yes, it tasted as bad as it looked.  The other thing is Jason's menu has a severe identity crisis.  California cuisine, with pseudo-Japanese items, and Italian pasta items, and (whoops) let's add another culture, the French, and crème brûlée.  So, which is it?  Writing about how much the food sucked....well, not even worth my time.  But, here's a little kicker about my family's visit.  And, sadly, is true.  While dining on Christmas Day, the server went to adjust the blinds from the glaring Sun (obviously a pre-dinner oversight).  Looking at the blinds I noticed an 1/8th inch layer of dust on them along with years of food spotted on them.  Just gross. The server then proceeded to use my daughter's chair.  I said to the server, "Please try not to get dust in my daughter's food.  After all, it IS Christmas."    For some reason, the server/waitress seemed put-off that she was interrupting our family outing.  Hmm...  Maybe next time, if it becomes the last restaurant in California, I will return to provide the server with better service.  

                Jason's is consistently delicious.    I keep coming back for the Dragon Prawns and Poke appetizers, as well as the Thursday evening discounts on bottles of wine (50% off!).     I like the staff a lot, as they are friendly and efficient.    In my last job, my company used the meeting space adjacent to Jason's and he always catered our events.     It is one of the nicest meeting spaces in Marin.   Plus, Jason is a great guy!  

                Hidden gem. Riiiiiight before you get onto the freeway, swing a right after the new gas station. Looks like maybe in its former life an office so dwelled. But now it's a restaurant, a fantastic, perfectly executed restaurant.   They really accommodate big groups. We've had several family dinners here. I almost always get the prawns. Excellent dish. The martinis are excellent. The creme brulee........ soooooooo gooooood, every time.  

                Last night we were celebrating a birthday and chose Jason's for the event.    The food was AMAZING expecially the shrimp and healthy fires, for that matter it was all wonderful. I wish i could eat there every night.  Great service keep up the good work .  Can't wait to come back!!  Lois A  

                I visited Hason's on a Sunday night with my wife.   I recommend making reservations because it gets crowded.  Our meals were fantastic and so was the service.  

                Love this place so much we got married there. Jason was very helpful in making sure everything was perfect for our special day. He customized the menu and made some great recommendations. Everyone loved the food, unlike usual wedding dinner fare. We reserved the patio and had great, personalized service.  We've also gone many times for regular meals and have never been disappointed.  

                Very nice restaurant located in the Greenbrae area.  The food was really good, but for the price tag, it was too standard.  We split a pear salad, which was pretty tiny to begin with, but good.  We both had the baked salmon served on jalapeño mashed potatoes and asparagus, and although very yummy, there wasn't a real "wow" factor that would justify the price.   We also shared an ice cream sundae that was pretty mediocre.  Ice cream, with brownie bits thrown in, blueberries (random, and could have done without), and hot fudge on the side.  It was good (however where are the nuts, whipped cream and cherry??) but again for the price I would have expected some kind of presentation.  I literally looked like I went home, smushed brownies in my fingers, and threw it in a bowl of ice cream.  Also, we were the youngest ones there-not that big of a deal, just thought it would be worth mentioning if you're into certain types of crowds.  I would go back, if and ONLY if I wasn't paying.  

                Overpriced, mediocre food with terrible service. Our server rushed us through our dinner even though they were at less than 30% capacity (on a Friday night, no less). He gave us plenty of attitude when we asked him for recommendations on the menu, too.   Later on we were cold at our table on the patio and our server said there was nothing he could do because the heat lamp above us was probably broken. Then we saw a different server wheel over a heat lamp for another table. Wtf.   Will not return.  

                OMG I had the Kobe beef burger for dinner, it was the best burger of my life. 1/2 pound delicious beef with bacon, cheese and onion, and perfect fries. You must come just to have the burger!  

                Had lunch here a couple of christmases ago with company group. Had the chilean sea bass and it was awesome. Delicious chocolate martini for dessert. YES I SAID MARTINI! Honestly thought it was just a mousse, turns out it wasnt... They accidentally sent another to the table... I drank that one too...  Nice seating area. Business park did look a little misleading but once you walked into the restaurant, the food made you forget you were in an empty business park.  

                I've eaten at Jason's about ten times and have always loved the food.  I went there the other night with some friends and when we got the bill, we noticed that the 20% gratuity was already included, however, we had asked our waiter for separate checks.  We went ahead and split the bill accordingly so everyone paid their share.  What I do not like -- and it doesn't matter what restaurant -- I do not like being told what to tip.  Granted, the service was ok, some gave our waiter 20%, others 18%.  (He seemed uncomfortable splitting the tab bc he thought he was going to lose out on a generous tip).  The only thing I have to complain about, really, is the presumptuousness of any establishment telling me how much I need to tip.  I prefer to tip accordingly:  service.  Was it outstanding? Good? Fair? Poor?  Our waiter simply was not worthy of a 20% tip.  And I just don't like to be told how much of my money I should spend because a waiter will expect 20%, but provide not-so-good service.  This was our case.  However, I will definitely be back because the food is just so darn delicious.  

                I've never had a bad meal here. The scallop dish is scrumptious. The pizza's yummy. The service good. Sort of a oldies atmosphere, but the food trumps the vibe.  

                the food was yummy,  we shared a few dishes  Hot shots   12 Sushi grade hamachi, ponzu, avocado, scallions, toasted sesame seeds, thinly sliced red jalapeño, fried ginger and a touch of white truffle oil  these were crazy good.  Deep Fried Calamari  10 Calamari fried to perfection, served with a tartar sauce and cocktail sauce  Calamari was pretty tasty and not too greasy  Classic Caesar 9 Hearts of romaine served with classic Caesar dressing, garlic croutons, anchovies, and parmesan cheese  It was ok, wanted more punch in the dressing..  For my main I went for Salmon  Baked Salmon 24 Perfectly baked salmon seasoned with a flavorful onion and herb blend, served with grilled asparagus and jalapeno garlic mashed  it was delicious and filling.. I have thought about it several times in the last few days.. the hot shots were so good I want more more..  The service was clumsy and too fast, we had a waitress but she only took our order, we had some other guys deliver and take away.. they kept trying to take our salad and calamari before we were done. Several times I was bumped into by the guy.  When they delivered the mains, he came from behind without saying a word and I almost knocked the plate from his hand, I felt rushed and interrupted by the bussers. This place has great food, the service needs to be worked on a lot. I felt like they wanted us to hurry out of there.  

                Being from Sonoma County I'm used to a very vibrant restaurant scene. The Marin county offerings are typically contrived and lackluster. Sol Food excluded. Anyway, my girlfriend brought me to Jason's tonight and the experience was pleasant, the service was appropriately attentive. The food was imaginative and well executed. The overly geriatric patrons, business park location and lack of water view are all that kept me from giving it 5 stars.  

                It is worthly to make a trip to Jason's restaurant. Good food, great customer services! Especially, the sea bass was super yummy. Love it! I will bring more friends and family to visit more in the future.  

                I just took off a couple stars because they were not up to their usual standards last night.  Particularly, my sea bass was somehow overcooked on one half and undercooked on the other.  Also, I ordered a capuccino and couldn't drink it...bitter and stale-tasting.  When the waiter came over he pushed aside the foam and discovered they didn't even make a capuccino, they just put foam on top of coffee.  If it were my only visit they'd get one or two stars, but I'm hoping it was an anomaly.  We usually get the hot shots for an appetizer, the Ceasar salad, the healthy fries and the sea bass.  Up until last night it's been outstanding, as has the service.  The waitperson usually steers us toward really good wine, too.  My wife has diabetes and they are very accommodating with substitutions.  I love that it's quiet enough to have a conversation.  

                Its been 2 years since Ive been to this formerly decent eatery.  No longer.  "Classic Caesar" uncut, never tossed Romaine with a Thick, cheap bottled dressing on it.  Denny's is better. Pasta with shrimp-same library paste dressing.  Unresponsive wait staff.  Rate both dishes at "F".  Decent chocolate mouse not enough to save the meal. Surprisingly poor quality.  

                To start this review off, let me first note that this is only an evaluation of their happy hour. After living in Greenbrae through middle school and high school, I recently tried Jason's for the first time after seeing that they have decent happy hour offers. I was pleasantly surprised to find such reasonable prices in a nice place. It's easy to park at (like most of Marin), and it has a comforting view of Larkspur and Corte Madera.   The food I tried here was: Smoked Salmon Pizza: If you like salmon, you have to try this. The cheese blend they use is amazing, and the flavor mixed with the salmon makes this pizza easily worth the $9 they charge at happy hour (almost half off their regular price!). Healthy Fries: These were good! It's pretty much a very generous portion of fried tempura including not just green beans, but also broccoli (and other veggies perhaps too, I forgot as I gulped it all down too quickly). Dragon Prawns: As someone who normally cringes at the taste of shrimp, the way these prawns were prepared made me ask for seconds. The sauce they prepare the prawns with are amazing, and the prawns are cooked extremely well with a texture that complements the sauce and seasoning.  I also tried their well liquor, asking for a mango margarita. I personally was not that big of a fan of this (perhaps I'm used to the cheaper ones served with an ice slushie elsewhere), but the liquor was quite strong.  In addition, we were served by two very friendly bar staff members, who were very attentive to the needs of the bar area and checked up on each group at regular intervals.   Overall, I would definitely return here for happy hour once again. The food was great, service was pretty good as well, and the prices are very reasonable considering that it is located in Greenbrae.  

                Came here for dinner after a wedding rehearsal. It was a private party and the place looked beautiful! I had a wonderful time and the food was delicious. I would love to come back and what a perfect place to have an event. The service was very nice and everyone had a wonderful time. I would say this is a great choice for a nice romantic dinner or a gathering. Thank you for a lovely evening.  

                The food here deserves 5 stars!! The sea bass was incredible and I just about licked my plate clean.   Only reason for the 4 star review is service, our waiter was not very attentive and our water glasses were left empty for far too long.  

                Have been to Jason's many times over the years, and used to like it.  However, the quality has gone down and the food is just o.k. now.  Certainly not special relative to the numerous quality locations in Marin.  Feels formulaic and chain like.  No longer a go to place on the list.  At their price point, there are better choices.  

                Susan: Where in the world are we going? L: You'll see. Susan: You are taking me out to the docks to kill me and throw me in the ocean aren't you? L: You'll see. Susan: Dear God, I don't want to die...  I'm sorry I was snappy before! I'm just really hungry!  I hope there are people in these office park looking buildings who will see me and call the cops. L: TADA! Jason's Restaurant! Susan: Phew.  Gawd I'm hungry....  Hands down some of the best prepared, seasoned, and all around delicious food in the entire area!  I never would have known about this place myself.  The interior ambiance is homey and rustic.  It has a bit of an old world class that I never would have expected from the outside.  Fantastic food meets fantastic service.  Not only when I was there, but when I thought I had left my credit card there they were really supportive and looked very hard before telling me that they didn't have one.    Their "healthy fries" are probably one of the most addictive things ever.  Perfectly fried green beans have a light crunchy coating that is seasoned to perfection.  Their cocktails are also on point with yummy yummy combinations.  Lastly, I love their seafood dishes.  Chioppino, seafood (homemade) pastas, and fish fillets are all expertly cooked and all around mouth watering.  I was not taken out to die, instead I was put into a total food coma!  

                Come for the WEEKDAY Happy hour, which ends promptly at 6pm.  Jasons has become our weekly hang out on Tuesday nights. They have a great bar menu: salads, several Pizzas, Dragon Prawns, and much, much more. We usually can get a table in the bar at 5:45pm, or sit outside in the covered patio on a hot day.  Most patrons at happy hour are decent, working professionals. Its cozy, and folks come to mix and mingle. You can start up conversation with anyone at happy hour and it would be cool.  NOTE: if you get your order in at 6:05pm the prices double. So get there early and stock up on food and drinks!  

                CHILEAN SEA BASS OMG! The best! The brandy chicken also soo good. I went there initially for my moms birthday dinner and was floored. Some of the portions can be a bit small but they always leave you wanting more. Love, love, love Jason's!  

                Either we had a bad cook that night or Northbay folk don't know what good food is. My steak was requested to be rare and it came out well done and tasted as if someone not only didn't add seasoning but washed it to make sure it had no flavor whatsoever. The sides of mashed potatoes and mushrooms were ok though. My wife's seafood dish was also overcooked and chewy. Gross.  The muscles appetizer was great and we should have stopped there.  

                Happy Hour madness?  Bring it on.  But first you've gotta find the place, the most hidden of restaurants ever.  Even though I'd driven by the sign a million times over the years, never once had I even caught a glimpse of the restaurant, hidden as it is off East-bound Sir Francis Drake, just before you enter 101 South.  Okay, GPS it.    Word is that they have a pretty decent HH, 3 - 6 Monday thru Friday.  Also that they have a Wednesday ladies-who-like-ladies night.  I was there for HH on a Thursday night 'cause I like ladies, but not in that way.    For under $18, B and I downed:  * Rasberry Cosmo * Pomegranate Martini * Healthy Fries ($5)  I'm not even going to pretend these "fries" were healthy.  They were health-ish.  Fries crafted from green beans and broccoli florets, and served with two dipping sauces.  Delish.     Nice outdoor patio too.  Good HH find and quiet enough on a Thursday that low-decibal conversation was a breeze.  

