                All I can say about this place is wow!! I have came to this place twice already and it has not disappointed me one bit. So I will advice this place is a little more pricier than other places but it was worth it.   So I'll talk about the environment of this place, as you walk in you can see there's a bar and fancy tables like they actually took the time to create the small details of making the place look good. All the staff was helpful and very attending. They actually open and held the doors unlike some places that don't even stay near by the door.   As far as the food, wherever I go I always start off with miso soup and salmon nigiri. The soup you can taste how rich it is and it's not some knockoff soup. The salmon nigiri you can taste how fresh the salmon is. It wasn't too hard or too soft but just right. For my main entree I have eaten the lobster roll, Spider-Man 3, popcorn lobster, mango crunch and the tropical something.. All good!!   So overall if you don't mind spending a little extra go for it!!  

                Mizu was closed so we decided to come here. Service was rather slow but friendly. I ordered a miso soup (not complimentary) and it came out lukewarm with like two pieces of tofu, but the broth was tasty so whatever. They also forgot to bring out my tea.   To start, we ordered a ceviche, oysters, and udon salad. All were just okay, expecially the udon salad which was so, extremely bland. Paradise roll was sweet and yummy but not that memorable. Victoria Secret was light but delicious-- I'd get it again. We also ordered the 18 piece sashimi which was really good, probably the highlight. It all tasted fresh and buttery. I think this place is good, but service could improve and there are some items on the menu they could do without (like that udon salad). But, I get this place is somewhat new so I'm sure they're still working kinks out. I'd give it another shot.  

                This first time I tried this place I thought, "good sushi, shitty service."  The second time I tried this place the experience was just awful. Not only did it take forever to seat us (the place was practically empty, we were a party of three and it was 3 pm) but once they seated us they barely paid us any attention. We asked for more water and it took about 10 minutes before anyone came back (again, the place was basically empty).   Poor service aside, here was the kicker for me. There was a hair in my sushi roll. Honestly, that isn't even that big of a deal to me, because I know things like that happen. But I let the server know and her response was "Okay..... so what's the problem?" Uhhhh the problem is that I have only eaten one piece of this roll and I don't want to eat your chefs hair? In a normal restaurant they usually immediately make you a new one and some go as far as to comp that item as well, in this instance they did neither. By the time I let a second server know it took about 20 minutes to get a new roll.   All in all, my second time there was one of the most frustrating restaurant experiences I have ever had. I honestly doubt I will ever be back.  

                My bf and I enjoy coming here when we're in the mood for udon soup and sushi rolls.   The nabeyaki udon here is really good although a bit pricy. The broth is delicious and not too salty. Lots of seafood and udon is perfectly cooked, a little bit chewy just how I like it. Tempera is good, perfect amount of batter and not too greasy.  The mango crunch roll is super good and one of their most popular rolls. We always get it when we come here. It has salmon, mango, cucumber, imitation crab, and avocado topped with the tiny pieces of crunchy tempura. Spicy yellowtail roll is also good and it's definitely spicy! It's smaller and one of the very basic rolls though so don't expect anything too spectacular.  The ambiance here is great, love the cool design and interior. Music is a little loud sometimes but it gives this place a cool and energetic vibe. Service is usually good although we've had a few encounters where we'd ask for something and the waitress would forget literally a second later and we'd just see her walking around the restaurant with nothing to do but never bring us our stuff. It's kind of funny though. They're pretty quick with food here too. Definitely recommend this place for their popular rolls and udon!  

                My friends and I were pretty impressed with this sushi spot when we went for dinner. Upon arrival we were seated right away and ordered our drinks! Even though our server seemed like he was new and unfamiliar with the menu, we still enjoyed our dinner!  WE ORDERED: -------------------- - Martini Ahi Poke - Small portion for the price, but it was good!  - Sashimi Salad - Pretty good quality sashimi for a starter! I'd rather get this than the martini poke!  - Feel Free & Fresh Rolls - This is perfect for those who prefer "healthy" sushi, as they are wrapped with cucumber and no rice.  - Dragon Roll - This is pretty good if you like unagi!   - Victoria's Secret - This is one of my favorite here!  - Pink Lady Roll - SOOOO good! I'd recommend getting this one also.  Overall, we we were served fresh fish and good tasting sushi. I hope they keep the quality of the food going here. *Can't wait to go back*  

                With funky names like What the Heck, Victoria's Secret and Super Mexican -- reading through the menu will definitely make you smile!  Generous sushi roll portions with creative combinations of fish, shellfish and sauces(wasabi mayo, mango sauces, etc) it's obvious that Kenji Sushi is not your traditional sushi joint. In fact, it also has some Korean items on their menu. Food quality is decent and prices are fair for the area, expect a modern sushi experience in a chill, lounge-y atmosphere.  Go for the grilled shishito peppers, the rainbow sashimi salad, mango crunch roll and shrimp tempura roll. They also have a full bar with a cocktail menu littered with girly concoctions, but the mango mojito is definitely lacking some rum in there. Or that classic minty taste associated with mojitos. Skip and stick with Sapporo on draft instead.  A great choice if you want to stay away from the scene at Santana Row.  

                For some reason I didn't have high expectations for this place. I'm pretty picky with my sushi, and I didn't think it would wow me. I was wrong though! I've been here a couple times, both time late night. This place is open until 12! Good for us, bad for the workers, but there aren't many sushi places open that late in this area. I orderd the sashimi salad both times. I suggest just getting the full size, I got the half size once, and it had so much less sashimi in it. Most of the rolls I've had were pretty good. Sushi here is a bit on the pricey side, but it's the lasted open sushi place in the area, so I don't mind paying a bit extra for late sushi cravings.  

                This place is like a curse. From one restaurant to the next, they all go down in flames...  From the old Kaama to this recent sushi joint have not been able to impress the demographic of Santana Row. For a weeknight, it is empty as a ghost.   I don't mind the emptiness as long as my food is tasty. Nope, the funky fishy sashimi along with the disastrous "kobe" Wagyu beef suggested by the waitress was awful. One would think sashimi would be fresh and delicious. I was dead wrong.   I guess this sushi place is not for me. I ended up getting dessert somewhere else to make my belly happy.  

                What a great place!  My fiancée and I arrived at about 730 on a Friday night, and although the bar was a little crowded, the wait was only about 15 minutes. I was so surprised on how busy this place was. We got a drink from the bar! The service by the way was great, he got our Japanese drinks right away. As we sat and waited the I thought that the restaurant was so pretty! They had pretty chandeliers on the ceiling, aspen trees around the restaurant and great music! I thought it was great.  When we got seated. Our waiter was very polite and nice. We got the yellow tail collar for an appetizer and it had a sh*t ton of fish meat in it!!! Like woah!!! The fish was cooked perfectly! We then got the mango crunch, the Japanese lasagna and the spicy tuna roll!! Everything was great and their sushi servings were ginormous!!! I really thought that their fish was tasty and contained a really good amount of. Fish. And we also got the house made hot sake which was amazing!!!!!!! I defiantely recommend this place! For the amount of food and quality of food you get the price is really good!  There is also a private parking lot outside ! So it's a definite plus!!!!!  

                -I've been here several times with family and friends, and each experience has been superb...so yes, I can say this is one of my fave sushi joints aside from Cha-Cha Sushi on Capitol.  -I love the ambience of this restaurant--it's contemporary, and it's chic with some Asian touch to it...the dinnerware they use to serve food are so pretty I just want to take it home with me and use it in my kitchen haha jk.  -Customer service is excellent as well--they're really friendly and attentive.  -So far, the food I've tried here are:  -Mushroom salad: *mouth salivates*...need I say more :)  -Sashimi combo-the presentation is nicely done...almost too good to eat haha...there were some sashimi that I thought really tasted good, but there were some that I prefer to not eat again  -Wagyu Beef: this is a must try...I'm getting hungry just thinking of it haha  -Nikomi Hamburger: basically it's a breaded/fried hamburger patty...doesn't seem like much, but it is decent  -Mango Crunch roll: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbomb.com&s=bb4f996415a9c2f21137e27cfb68f439a48cec2652b53e9b50dd7e766dbe177e" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bomb.com</a> haha...it's the most popular roll here I believe  -Garlic edamame: yummy, but I don't mind just having it the plain way either  -Octopus Karaage: yummy, it's worth fighting over haha  -Spicy pork belly: also good....not too spicy...I like playing with those chewy glass-looking noodles in my mouth haha  -Pork hamburger patty entree: this dish is mehh...I like the Nikomi hamburger better though...  It does get pretty busy here on certain nights, so I suggest calling ahead and making reservations.  

                This is place is very close to Santana row, a new place for sushi and they also have a bar. The restaurant is more close to modern style than traditional style. The parking lot small but  the waiting list is shot. I like their food and you can't go run with Shushi . My favorite dish is Vitoria secret  roll and mango crush roll. They also offer the tempura  ice cream, it is different from the ice cream and monch ， so worth to try .  

                Girls Night Out calls for gossip, sushi, and hot, steaming....SAKE!  With no reservations, we got seated after waiting 20-30 minutes at 7:30pm on a Saturday night. It seemed really busy at first, but around 8:30pm or so, the crowd thinned out immensely.  Originally, they asked if we would like to be seated at the booths, but the booths were overwhelmingly large for my petite group (ladies all around 5'2"). I felt like an Oompa Loompa sitting at the booth, so we got switched to a table, which suited us better. This is definitely a spot to catch up or have a nice date night!  (Bear with me, as I may have butchered some of the dish names!)  SUSHI SALAD Yum! Good portion of different type of sashimi pieces intertwined with bits of lettuce.  BAKED MUSSELS This was super yummy. Must have if I ever come back here again!  (let me see you) SUSHI ROLLLLL Mango Crunch Roll, Kiss the Fire, Victoria's Secret, Popcorn Lobster, & Pink Lady. Yes, we were hungry. Heh, who says girls can't eat? Honestly, the only ones that stood out to me were Kiss the Fire (love spicy! but no one else in my group liked this one), Mango Crunch Roll (super refreshing), and Pink Lady (maybe because this was our last roll?). Everything was honestly divine, but still lacked that oomph. I can't remember any concrete flavors that stood out to me that's worth mentioning.  For 2 bottles of hot sake, two appetizers, and five sushi rolls, I think the bill came out to $135? And that's including a 20% tip! Not bad!  I think this would have been 5 stars if the food "WOWed" me, but it didn't. I still prefer Mizu's, but this place isn't so bad! Especially since it's conveniently closer to Santana Row, which means the night doesn't have to end!  

                Excellent rolls, quality sushi, good service, and expansive menu!   Place filled up on a Monday night. Can't imagine how it would be on the weekends. Great dinner spot away from Santana Row, also perfect for pre-movie meal.  

                Came here several time and quality of the foods are pretty consistent. Best part is that every time we come here there is no waiting time even in weekend!   Anyway, my favorite foods at kenji are cherry blossom, mushroom salad and mango crunch sushi.  

                I LOVE THIS PLACE.  The sushi just melts in your mouth. It doesn't get any better. My favorite roll is the Mango Crunch Roll. Some sashimi on the side, Hawaiin poke. Hella nomz.  Ok there is this one dish which is a MUST try. If you are a red meat lover like me. Wagyu style beef. It is SOOOOOOOOOOOOO good. The meat is soooo flavorful, and it comes out in a sizzling plate. I swear next time I will get 3 orders of this plate next time. I will warn you! It is a little pricey. About $20 a plate. But so worth the money.  Sushi and good beef. What more can ya want?  

                A Tuesday night after some drinks in Santana Row made for an easy entrance and exit at Kenji Sushi. They still boast a Grand Opening sign, but apparently they've been open for more than 6-7 months.  Not packed but a decent crowd dining but the sushi bar seating was wide open. The sushi chefs are nice and fun to watch albeit, they were always the one I had to ask to get the server to attend to me as the servers seemed to slightly forget about us at the bar.  I ordered the Victoria Secret roll and the 3 pieces of salmon sashimi. The roll was pretty good with the various fish and the soy paper wrap, which I enjoy since the texture is soft and the seaweed flavor is taken away. Pretty big roll so I was content afterwards.  The salmon sashimi was fine. Nothing amazingly special and the pieces were a fair size for the high charge here around $7.  Food was good, service could have been better, but overall enjoyable.  

                I used to come here when this spot was a crappy lounge. Haha! Obviously only came a couple times since it was always dead with one car in the parking lot. I think this location finally found a restaurant owner that knows what he's doing and they'll be here to stay for awhile!   We celebrated my sexy fit friend's birthday here recently and I gotta tell you, the hostess and bartenders here are super friendly and quite efficient. I had a few drinks here at the bar with my friends while we waited for our reserved table.   Foodwise: Ordered one of their spicier rolls. I forget the name but it did have fresh jalapeño slices on it. Super delicious! Loved how fresh the fish tasted as well as how perfectly sticky the rice was.  I ended up taking down 2 double Patron shots in between our dinner so I was, let's just say...feeling pretty darn buzzy wuzzy! ;) I scarfed down one of the other girls' rice bowls from her Chicken Teriyaki entree. Thanks for the carbs girlfriend!  Drinkwise:  Cocktails are on point. Wine selection...not the best but will do for a sushi restaurant.  Only reason why I'm not giving them 5 stars is how confusing the waitresses and waiters were. And none of them seemed happy to be serving us. We weren't that rowdy were we? And even if we were...we looked fantabulous as F that night so don't HATE, APPRECIATE!  

                I was pleased to see that Kenji is reeling in such great reviews, especially after years and years of this location/building suffering from consistent turnover of any and all businesses that tried to move in.   Kenji definitely rates closer to a 3.5 in my opinion, and is definitely more on the fusion side of sushi (especially when you notice the numerous Korean offerings).   I came in for a quick work lunch and ordered a handful of items:  + miso soup - hard to mess up, tasty, hot & filling. + garlic edamame - garlic overload, yummy but definitely order with caution when returning to work or on a romantic date. + what the heck roll (soft shell crab, cucumber, spicy tuna, spicy mayo) - Seriously, what the heck! This thing was huge. I hated the choice of breading they used on the soft shell crab, it seemed to be panko instead of tempura, and it ended up being way too crunchy. Also, the size was kind of out of control and the amount of sauce on this thing was unbearable. If you like to deep throat your meals this might be what you're looking for, but if you're trying to eat without grossing your guests this might not be the roll to order. + shrimp tempura roll ( crab, cucumber, avocado, unagi  sauce.) I liked this roll a bunch, it's classic and pretty hard to mess up. I can almost always count on the shrimp tempura roll when I'm testing out a new sushi spot, and this one was one of the better ones I've had. Simple, made well, not too small but also not too big. Winner winner chicken dinner.   I'd like to come back and see how their sashimi fares, especially if they are as generous with those portions as they are with the rolls.  

                The service was mediocre. The place wasn't packed at all.  The garlic yellowtail is something I would venture back for though!!! The flavor and cut of fish was perfect.  

                Came here for lunch with a friend. The restaurant is really nice. The interior is nicely decorated and more "upscale" than a typical restaurant, but still pretty casual. Service is good and food is yummy! The menu has a wide selection of rolls: classic rolls, exotic/creative rolls and even a few "healthy concept" rolls, which I'm a huge fan of. The rolls are decently sized and the fish is fresh :) Prices were pretty reasonable  My friend and I shared 3 rolls, one healthy concept, one exotic and one classic, which came out to be $38 with tax:  ====================  FEEL FRESH AND FREE - 5/5 One of the Healthy Concept rolls. Can't remember exactly what was in this roll, but it was several fish (maybe tuna, salmon and yellowtail?), crab and avocado wrapped in thinly sliced cucumber, topped with some kind of fruit relish (apple?) and tobiko. And RICELESS. So pretty much super healthy. I LOVED this roll. Definitely my favorite of the 3. I asked for the sauce on the side and personally, I think the roll is a lot better sauceless. Super light and refreshing. I liked the slight crunch of the cucumber with the creamy/soft texture of the fish and crab. And the fruit relish on top gave it a nice, refreshing sweetness rather than an overpowering sweetness typical of sauces. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND! Even if you're not specifically looking for a healthy roll.  VICTORIA'S SECRET - 3.5/5 Salmon, tuna and yellowtail wrapped in soy paper, topped with avocado and yumyum sauce. I actually asked for the sauce on the side with this roll too, but they forgot.. The waitress reassured me that the sauce was light when she brought it to the table, but I still found it too creamy and a little overpowering. Overall, pretty good roll. All the fish was fresh, but the flavors and the roll itself weren't particularly memorable.  SPIDER ROLL - 3.5/5 6 pieces of sushi compared to 8 pieces with the other rolls, but they were 6 bigger pieces.. Pretty standard spider roll, but the roll was wrapped in soy paper instead of seaweed. The pieces of crab were pretty large and nicely fried and crisp, but too much batter in my opinion. Again, nothing special, but not bad.  

                Scrumptious sushi. Very nice ambiance as well. Despite it being quite busy, service was very attentive, I never had an empty water glass!   Menu is extraordinarily creative! And delicious to boot! You need to try the Spiderman and Super Mexican. Fresh. Perfectly dressed with spicy Chipotle mayo to give it a little kich. Ah, superb!  

                Came here as it's a new sushi spot near Santana Row. Good location for all the shoppers, easily accessible, with lots of free parking.  Ambiance was good, staff were friendly and very welcoming.  Ordered a couple rolls off the menu - one of them was the Victoria Secret roll was good, and I really liked the sauce that accompanied it.  Also ordered a sushi set which was OK but some pretty generic sushi cuts.  Total came to $60 for two which was quite an expensive sushi lunch especially when there isn't anything special.  I would have liked to see more sushi set specials or even a Yelp checkin special.  

                4 Stars - Yay! I'm a fan for sure. This is my new favorite sushi spot. I almost don't want to right this good review, so this place doesn't get too crowded. Went on a Friday night when the warriors were playing, so I wanted to sit near the tvs. We luckily got seated pretty quick around 7:00PM. Everyone there is so nice and they provide excellent service. Got the mushroom miso soup to start with which was unique and tasty. Got a salad as well, which was real good. I got a few rolls which were all good. The Victoria's secret roll was my favorite. It was real good. Just writing this review makes we want to go back for more. My wife got the wagyu steak which was tender, juicy, and very flavorful. I'll be back here for sure. I'll update my review once I have tried more items on their menu.  

                To be honest, I'm not a really big sushi person, but I really enjoy the food here. The parking is pretty limited, and I don't know any other lots to park :(. The place is pretty fancy and it gets kind of busy.   The fish here tasted really fresh. I especially enjoyed what I believe is the OMG roll. There was sushi under bits of tuna and salmon on top, covered in some crunchy fried stuff, and drizzled in sauce. I like taking the tuna and crunch stuff and dipping it in the sauce. Tr it out! The service here is a bit slow and the inside is really cold. I don't know if it was because I was sick, but the inside was almost as cold as the outside. However, I still do recommend this place if you're looking for quality sushi.  

                10/31/14: When I walked in I started to have doubts--the décor is very nice and somewhat a modernish take on Japanese style.  Looks great.  But then my experience with trendy looking Japanese places at mid-range price points is that the food isn't great.  That and plus the observation that there are absolutely ZERO Japanese visible in the whole restaurant, and maybe just one other table of Asians in front of us, and the rest filled with everything else,... that's a bad sign.  And I was totally wrong.  1. Karatamba 300ml (Junmai Honzo Sake) $15: So it's the cheapest of the category, and well, kinda tastes like it.  The flavor is very non-offensive and smooth, but very boring.  If you want something light just to accompany the meal, and maybe have some non-drinker friends, this might do the trick.  Kinda tastes like maybe the Miller Light of sake, minus of course the urine taste.  3/10.  2. Sashimi Moriwase $35.95: This is a beautiful plate of sashimi.  Like a frickin' rainbow of sliced meat.  Unfortunately I can't identify for you what it actually comprised of, except I know salmon and tuna was the more typical of them, but the rest of the white fishes varied in taste and texture.  Some were chewier, and some were buttery smooth, melting in your mouth.  The subtly coloration of textures looked so beautiful (check out the pics!)  And even more awesome was that it included fresh wasabi! (though it's not really grated wasabi--more like wasabi salad as my friend called it.)  That wasabi concoction they had was REALLY good on the sushi!  And do not forget to try that one single plum on the side!--it's like some kind of wine marinated preserved plum.  Mmmmm.  8/10.  3. Tropical Ocean $13.95: To me this exemplifies a gourmand's interpretation of the Americanized rolls found throughout the budget-minded sushi world.  The tastes are much more subtly and sophisticated here.  And it looks very pretty too! (again, you gotta check out my pics of these--great food art here.)   That balsamic treatment was amazing.  Fusion at its finest.  9/10.  4. Sweet Shrimp $?: I love the presentation on this.  It's like two yummy shrimps kissing each other on the plate but can't quite reach... ha ha.  The shrimp bodies themselves are as you would expect--soft and sweet.  Heads are nicely friend and tasted okay.  Problem was the shrimps normal sized, but a little bigger would be better for this dish (but of course cost a lot more)--if they were bigger, there would be more head sauce.  But anyway, looks great, tastes good.  7/10.  5. Various sushi, including their special chef's interpretations: So they divide the sushi into a traditional section, and a chef's interpretation section (forgot the words they used.)  The normal sushi is totally beautiful and fresh and tastes as you would expect for a nicer sushi restaurant, but the Chef's list is where it is at!!!  You must try at least a few from there---they are so awesome, especially if you're bored of sushi the way everyone else does them.  For instance, the mackerel was served with aspic on top, and gave it a really juicy taste.  The unagi was a little crispy, not like the stewy texture typical for this--lovely char too.  Man.... I'm coming back to try everything on that list!  9/10.  We skipped dessert--they only had the very typical mocha ice cream and such, which they said is the standard kind you buy in the stores--not house made.  If you want dessert prepare to Yelp somewhere else to go after to cap the amazing meal.  Service was good too btw--our server was really nice and pleasant to us.  And the décor was so beautiful.  Japanese aesthetics without resorting to the painful and uncomfortable floor seating.  I haven't had good sushi since moving up here a 1/2 year ago from LA, and have been craving it since then... and OMG this soooo hit the spot.  Thank you Kenji!  A well deserved 5/5.  #Japanese #sushi #sashimi  

                After a long month of being vegetarian, the bf wanted to satisfy some of my long overdue cravings. The interior is nice, filled with booths, two bar areas, and tables.  The private parking lot had decent to little space, but we managed to find spot.  Minus one star for my mango mojito.  I didn't taste much mango flavor, alcohol, or   get even the slightest refreshing minty aroma.  NOT worth the $9. Just because you add a mint leaf on top of the drink doesn't make it a mojito.  The 18 piece sashimi platter was beautifully presented, fresh & delish.  However the item that I caught my attention curiosity was something I've never seen in any sushi restaurants before. It's the clumpy green goop that is plated & served with the platter which turned out to be fresh wasabi!  I actually prefer this opposed to the typical pasteurized wasabi because it has a very slight hint of sweetness that complements the sashimi a lot better without being too pungent & overpowering, while still keeping its spicy contents.  Upon request, they charge $3 for fresh wasabi instead of the regular wasabi w/ other non-sashimi items.  I'm absolutely blown away by the uni here. They were sweet, not fishy whatsoever, & just break apart in my mouth.  They even taste yummy with and without the fresh wasabi.  I was told that the uni were purchased from company/fish market that allows the owner to pick what they would approve to be sold in their restaurant; sounds about right because the uni (to me) tasted fresh, buttery, & just divine.   The service we received was overall excellent.  Three different waitresses checked up & served our table.  They were  even helpful with explaining certain unfamiliar ingredients & items on the menu.  18 piece sashimi  +red shrimp sashimi w/head  +uni sashimi  +spicy tuna hand roll +mango mojito  +Sapporo (tap)  +tax   Total = $98-$99   I look forward to coming back for the uni &  their unique Apple/no rice rolls that I was unable to try.  

                I am ridiculously picky about sushi. And I absolutely hate big fancy rolls with tons of fish and crunchy bits and sauces. That's just gross and weird to me and I want to no part of it JE REFUSE!   Listen, Kenji serves those big, fancy rolls that I hate, but they also serve a beautifully composed kappa maki. Oh, you might think that kappa maki is no big deal, I mean it's just cucumber, right? WRONG! The perfect kappa maki consists of matchstick pieces of cucumber with just the right amount of rice. Kenji knows how to do it right and it makes all the difference in the world.   We mostly stick with the nigiri style sushi because we like it simple, but we've also tried the Garlic Yellowtail cold plate and you really shouldn't miss out on that. It's like the most delightful party in your mouth. The gyoza, miso soup and tempura are all very delicious, too. We didn't enjoy the bulgogi, which is totally fine because we already have our favorite Korean place (Korean Palace.)  i'm so happy to have found a sushi place that we love so close to home!  

                I came here on a Thursday night after work, it was a pretty full house but we didnt have to wait. Boyfriend and I ordered:  -Lion King roll. The boyfriend said he liked it better than other Lion King rolls. It seemed smaller than average though -Victoria's Secret roll. It was alright. I would have preferred it without the sauce on top. It was tuna, yellowtail, and salmon wrapped in soy paper and topped with avocado slices.  -Mucho Grande roll. It was indeed mucho granda haha, but only 4 or 5 pieces. It was way too saucy and salty for me. It was deep fried spicy cali roll with spicy tuna as well topped with unagi sauce and spicy mayo.  -Uni 2 piece order. I thought the uni was fresh and a nice portion with the rice. Other places I feel are often smaller portioned. I was pleased with this.   They also have a wide variety of drinks and alcohol, but lacking in the beer department. I wish there were more choices for beer, but their sake section looked good!   The service was alright not amazing and not horrendous. The servers did their jobs.   Tip: ask for low sodium soy sauce. Their reg soy sauce is EXTREMELY salty. I got low sodium and I still diluted with my water. Their low sodium tastes like regular to me..  Overall it was an okay experience, I really wanted to like it more because everyone's pictures looks so good! Maybe another chance at another time ~  

                Kenji sushi and kenzo sushi in san jose and campbell share the same owners. That's why you'll see the same rolls on the kenji sushi menu. My favorite has always been the mango crunch roll, and I ordered it when I visited kenji sushi this past weekend. Tasted the same as kenzo sushi.   Service was attentive in refilling drinks, and food arrived at the table quickly initially. Two of my friends arrived later, and they ordered later, but had to wait a long time for their order.   The seats at this restaurant were so awkward. The chairs were so low compared to the height of the table. When I sat down, the height of the table went up to my neck basically. Some of my friends had to put their knees on the chair just to reach a height where they can eat.   The food was just as good as kenzo, but the seats are at an unbearable height, hence two stars... Just stick to kenzo if you're looking for rolls for the sake of comfort.  

                It was good, not great.  I wanted to check this place out b/c it's conveniently located near SR and the reviews were really good.   Started off with the Victoria's Secret roll. It was good. Not amazing. Also had the Fresh and Free roll and was nice and "fresh" tasting. I can't seem to put my thumb on it but I just felt something was missing. Maybe it was the rice. Wasn't seasoned so made the roll taste somewhat plain? Not sure. But it was okay. I'm not sure if I would visit again because it was pricey. For a lunch with 2 rolls and a nigiri set, it was $60.  

                One word = Impressive. I rarely give out 5s to sushi spots unless it meets all of my expectations and Kenji sure did.   My friend and I arrived around 8pm and we got seated immediately at the bar. We ordered the Sashmi Moriwase (18 pieces of their freshest fish) 2 piece of uni, and a bottle of sake. The whole bill came out to about $60 after tips. During the time we were eating, our server David checked up on us about 3 times and I was super impress with their service here. I love their decor and the way they make their wasabi. It is very different compare to other sushi spot's I've been to. You have to try their wasabi to see what I mean.   I will definitely be back to try more sashmi and maybe their rolls.  

                Went here for lunch and started off with the garlic edamame. The edamame flavor was delicious and I haven't ever tried it seasoned this way before, I definitely think that anyone who comes here shod try it out. The wagyu style beef entree was juicy and tasted flavorful with the dipping sauce, I would skip on eating the rice that comes with the entree and order some sushi rolls. The rainbow roll was good and the raw fish was fresh. I also tried the vegetable roll, spicy tuna roll and avocado roll.  The rainbow and spicy tuna roll taste like most good sushi restaurants. The vegetable roll comes with tomato and cucumber, where other sushi restaurants I haven't seen it come with tomato. The tomato goes well in the vegetable roll.   I like this place and I would come back here again.  

                Trendy lounge sushi place Private parking lot- gets packed  Fresh sushi & other food options available  On busy nights, service lacks Food is priced well  

                As stated in many other reviews, the Victoria Secret and Mango Crunch rolls are delicious. We also got the jalapeno bombs and those were great too! I love jalapenos, and I think they deseeded them so it's not as spicy as other jalapeno-flavored items in other places I've eaten. The decor and ambiance is great, and the service is nice. I wouldn't recommend their mochi ice cream, though, the mochi was really tough and felt like it had been in the freezer for a long time :(  

                I went here with a large group of girls, about 10-12 or so. They were very accommodating and had us all setup with tables, place settings, and waters before we were seated. We made a reservation but didn't expect them to already have us ready.  I ordered the lion king roll, which was delicious and cooked perfectly. It wasn't drowning with the orange sauce it comes with, and held just the right amount of rich and succulent flavor. I gobbled it up. I also tried the apple roll which has real apples! It was a little unusual, but tasty.  Everyone else was very satisfied with their dishes, as NO ONE had any leftovers. A couple of the girls also had fried green tea ice cream, I didn't have any, but again that got inhaled. It was a large dish that came in 4 separate cuts. It was served beautifully just like everything else.  Service was great, they continually checked up on us and refilled our pitcher of water when needed. The manager even came over to ask us if everything was to our satisfaction. AND even though they originally told us we could do a max of 8 separate checks, they were able to accommodate us in the end for everyone. Super awesome.  All-star place in my opinion.  

                As echoed in a previous review, service can make or break your restaurant experience. Despite average overpriced food, my four-star review at Kenji won out to excellent service and lovely atmosphere that make eating enjoyable. The restaurant is gorgeous and plays classic EDM in the background to make your meal feel classy. In addition, I really applaud the service for making sure that the mistake made in our order did not jeopardize our experience in any way. When our order was delivered incorrectly, the employees did not hesitate to fix the situation.  The price and the taste were average. Nothing was really worth its value although you get the atmosphere and service you paid for. Don't come here for the food but here to relax or impress your date. Privacy is key in this restaurant and you're their only customer.  The baked lobster roll and Wagyu Beef Special are average. The Wagyu Beef Special tasted different from the lunch special version so beware--you're getting a different version of the same thing and the quality is noticeable. The grilled vegetables are terrible. Don't waste any calories on them.  

                Food is ok. I've had better... Service is also just ok.  Don't sit in booths, very uncomfortable!  

                With that "Hamachi Collar Tip" I probably  ruined my future chances at getting one, unless I'm on site when they open for lunch. The restaurant will only have the collars of the fish ordered for sashimi and or sushi that day. That's been my experience.   A wise employee may order it for break. Go early for lunch if you want it.   Lobster Roll..........very good...  

                Came here on a rainy Friday night so it wasn't crowded and there was no wait (even though I made reservations just in case). Service was good and food came out pretty quickly. I ordered Victoria Secret roll (pictured) and Mango Crunch. Rolls were satisfying and filling but not spectacular but then again this isn't the type of place I'd go to get super fresh or super creative sushi. Overall, I'd probably come back if I needed to fix my sushi cravings and I was close by.  

                For a sushi place that has a modern flare and is open up pretty late, it's pretty awesome!   My boyfriend and I love sushi an are always excited to try new places out. So when we found out that there was a sushi place about 15/20 minutes from us that's open passed 9:00... We were all about it! Our schedules suck, leaving late night time the only one time to have dinner, so we were eager to try this place!   The parking lot is private, but there's more room behind the building if it packed.   Once you walk in, there's a full bar, an eager staff, and modern decor.   The food: the karaage is pretty god, as are the baked  green mussels.. A just have for my boyfriend I when we go.   The rolls are perfectly sized, not too much, not too little, and have a fresh and CLEAN taste to it. Nothing is more appealing to me than a clean cut presentation on a plate and thus place has it down.   It's definitely worth a try! :)  

