                Please, please, please!!!  If anyone knows me... the way to my heart is through my stomach. And this, ladies and gentlemen, is the way to do it!  I am so glad they opened a dim sum restaurant close to Hercules because I was getting tired of going all the way to Pacific East Mall just to get some dumplings.   This place used to be a bank, so don't get all freaked out if you see old security cameras pointed at you while you eat. They don't work anymore. Or do they?    Well, besides that! This place gets busy. Especially on weekends. So keep in mind their business hours and plan to get there early.   I have personally only gone here for dim sum. They serve it every day from opening to about three in the afternoon. Everything is fresh and delicious. Can you compare it to Oakland's Chinatown dim sum? No. But this is as good as it will get without the drive. Never had I had a complaint about the food. Service is okay. It could be better. They could be more attentive. But! It is nothing to really complain about.  They have their own parking lot. But they also share it with the church across the street. When you are looking for parking spaces, be sure to park where it is labelled KV on the ground. Oh, and since church is on Sundays, be sure to arrive early or you'll have to park far. Good luck!  

                My wife pointed out that King Valley Tea House used to be a bank where her grandfather used to go, thus the numerous security cameras around. Our auntie treated us here during lunch hour.  She insisted in ordering the regular a la carte menu during dim sum hours. Luckily, me and my wife were able to quickly whisk (well, forced unto us actually) some dim sum items. Their Shumai was pretty good; better than Fremont's Asia Peal Seafood Restaurant, but less than Dublin's Golden Sand Harbor. Shrimp Balls were okay, BBQ Pork Bun was somewhat mediocre. I wish their dim sum is served a little hotter.  My auntie's a la carte order came right after. We had: Salt and Pepper Fish and Calamari, Chinese Broccoli, House Fried Rice, and Honey Walnut Prawns. All of the food was okay, I did like how they did not skimp on salt on those Salt and Pepper seafood. Service was a tad below average as severs came past us as we frantically waive our hands signaling we were ready to order.  It is good that there is a dim sum restaurant in this area should a craving for dim sum attacks. King Valley Tea House will easily satisfy your dim sum cravings.  

                Brought my family there once for dim sum and twice for dinner. They charged us an extra plate of dim sum and when we told the waitress she said it looked like an extra stamp on the card ( not true). We paid for it than argue. First dinner, they charged higher noodle plate price than the one we ordered. Owner said we didn't inform waiter. Never mind we paid rather than argue. Last dinner we went , ordered lemon chicken that rated mostly of flour. We asked the owner if they support community events ( we don't see any on the cashier counter). His answer was no, they don't need to as all their customers know them and keep coming back. Well, he doesn't know that I am literate in English and Mandarin and can read every word in their Chinese menu. Secondly, I am a strong supporter of city events as that is how we citizens keep our city healthy (financially and socially). Won't go back again for owners who keep all the $ to themselves.  

                On the way home, I ordered the chicken wing appetizer,  and requested "drum sticks for $6.95.  What did I get?  Six (6) measly wingettes that basically had no meat on them.  What a waste of my money.  Once I  got home, I called the restaurant, asked for the manager and told her of my displeasure that my order was not what I requested.  All she said that the order is only for 6 wings.  I will not be ordering this money wastful appetizer again.  

                This place is pretty kool. Always busy though so the wait is pretty intense. I wish they came around with the dim sum but you just order on a paper and they bring it to you. The service is kinda meh but the dim sum isn't bad. I dig the fried shrimp dumpling, congee, and the soy sauce chow mein. Everything else is kinda basic dim sum  

                Probably the best dim sum outside of San Francisco. It's very authentic, just like the dim sum in Hong Kong. It's also much easier to get to rather than having to fight through SF traffic.   While it doesn't look as flashy as some other restaurants, the food is definitely good. Don't let the exterior fool you, it's in an old bank.   Just make sure you park in the correct parking lot, adjacent to the restaurant and not in the church across the street.  

                Ehhhh wasn't all that. The chicken feet was below average and the dim sums were just average. Best dim sums in the bay are in oakland.  

                I know my Cantonese and HK restaraunts.  I came here for dinner and I am disappointed.  Sadly, I had expectations for this place since its the only Chinese restaurant sit down dim sum place on this small corridor.    I ordered the three dish dinner menu for about $21.  Normally, I would take a doggy bag back home, but I doubt I would after the meal is 2/3 uneaten.  It was sloppy, made by a sloppy chef.  The greens were not crisp, the meat was fatty and cold.  In fact, my tea was hotter than my dishes when the waiter placed it on my table.  

                If I just want to buy a 1/2 lb of char Sui to try it and see if I want to ever come back and order more than you should accommodate me...now you've talked your way out of a sale and given me the customer a less than enjoyable experience (see pic of BBQ meat prices in photos)  

                I've had meals a cut above from here before, but tonight's dinner was bad across the board.  Did they get a new chef?  Decide to save money on quality of ingredients?  

                Not bad for a dim sum place around the area , if you don't want to drive to the City, Oakland or alameda for dim sum then this place should do it. Typical place, food was ok, service was whatever's. But honestly I would rather drive to get better dim sum :)  

                I wanted to try something closer for Sunday lunch.. And Kings Valley is the closest Dimsum place the popped in my Yelp.. I have to say I was glad I tried it with little brothers..  Parking on Sunday was horrible be side of the Catholic Church infront of the restaurant.. Once inside, the place was busy from 11 am until 2pm.. Must be their rush hour.. Then the crowd dies down from there. Dimsum carts passes by and beside I'm a pesceterian .. It was hard to ignore the delicious BBQ pork buns or the Sui Mai.. Luckily they have a seafood selections.. One star less from perfection because some of the plates we didn't try because it too much food :( and we didn't wanna waste. I guess we could have asked if we can get small plates , but there was a language barrier.. For dessert TaHO! Yeay a child hood favorite is soft soy and sugar caramel sauce.  

                This is a happening place if you want dim sum and don't want to go to Oakland or SF.  My family enjoys going here on the weekends. It's always busy but the wait is never too long.  

                When this place first opened we were pretty excited. A dim sum restaurant in our hood? We're there... And it was good. Fresh food, lots of selection, good management, with the "efficient" service you'd expect. Fast forward a few years- this place has gone way down hill. About the only consistent thing about their food is its inconsistency. One day a dish will be tasty, the next day it's inedible. We still go here when we want decent roast duck. That's all they're good for (the reason this isn't one star). Even their service has gotten worse. I once called in a pick-up order and was told to wait even though it appeared my order was sitting on the counter; ten minutes later someone reminded the hostess that my order was on the counter- no apologies, just handed me the food. If you want good dim sum in this area you have to go to El Cerrito.  

                Im kinda if-e about the place as most of the dim sum and dishes including the soup were too salty for my taste. I did see that they give a large portion from the lunch special selection. The server was attentive and we were quick to be served. Prices are very reasonable; nex time if able ill ask to hold the salt.  

                I came here for dinner with my relatives. When I first walked in, I thought King Valley had been here a LONG time. Interior decor looked like it had been stuck in the 90's. But apparently, King Valley had been open only 5 years ago and the building use to house a bank. Weird. Interior has a fair amount of tables and it is pretty spacious.   Dinner seemed pretty affordable. They had a section on the menu where you could order 3 dishes for $20. Not bad.   *Squid with black bean sauce. Pretty good. Almost on the too salty side, but I enjoyed the bell peppers and the sour greens that the squid came with. *Pork fried rice - Good.  Fish filet with greens. - Generous portions of fish with lots of green. Good. Beef with bean curd - Good!   The dinner also comes with their daily soup. We also ordered dessert, which was grass jelly with a sugar syrup. I liked it, but it tasted kind of bitter during some bites.  The service is ok. We hard trouble flagging down a waiter towards the end of the meal, but the restaurant was filling up and they only had two servers on the floor.  My cousin said dim sum here is pretty fresh. I also saw some tables with dim sum on their table during dinner time, so I'm assuming they may serve it all day.  

                First time here. Place is nice and beautiful but service was bad they even rush me to pay even there's no one in the restaurant and they charge me extra item which I didn't even order.  When they are serving the food they will place the plate on top of each plate.  I will never recommend this to anyone. Haaaayyy. Well good thing I tried it but never coming back.  

                There are alot of dim sum restaurants around my area,  but there's something about this place that's keeps me coming back.  I always bug my boyfriend to take me here every weekend.  Lol their food is good,  we always  get the Shumai, ribs with black bean sauce, the shrimp in rice noodles,  the salt and pepper fish,  and their sticky rice which is a fried rice but with sticky rice.  Everything is really good, And their service is okay.  

                This is our go-to restaurant for Chinese food. They offer the best dinner deal in the bay area where you can get three entrees for $21! These are full size veggie or meat entrees that will easily feed a large family. Much better than a bucket of chicken. On top of the affordability, the food is really good. Salt and pepper pork, chicken with eggplant, bitter melon with egg are just a few of the entrees. Go and give them a try.  

                As I have stated before about this place. I love the food here but I always feel rushed by the staff. They make newbe mistakes like bringing the soup cold or bringing all the courses of your meal all at once. For Dim Sum this is a great choice and you won't be disappointed they just need to take a course in presentation.  

                Been here many times for dim sum and it's delicious. Place is clean and lots to chose from. Service is quick which is great and no ones finger in my food which makes it better!  

                The waiters and waitress are very friendly and helpful. I like their dim sun a lot, but their chief special 3 for 20.75 is always nice too!  However, the portion of food is really big~ 3 dishes can serve at least 4 ppl! Don't order too many in the beginning! :)  

                Their sesame seed balls was perfect! It was crispy on the outside and chewy and warm on the inside. To die for! Definitely worth finishing off your meal with.  

                Their wakame (seaweed salad) is very delicious and their servings are very generous. I also love their chicken wonton noodle soup and their duck with wonton soup. Their food is very tasty and not too greasy.   The staff is very nice and always prompt to give you what you asked for or to refill your water glass. The service is fast and there's hardly ever a wait.  

                Came for the 3 dishes for $20 menu...ended up getting a few dim sum and other items from the menu. This is the VALUE stop for food in this area. Parking is ample and close to I-80 just off of San Pablo. This is a must stop for me on a trip to Sacramento and beyond....this stop will keep you satisfied till you get to Tahoe or Reno! Large dining area for large family gatherings or a group of football fanatics...they can handle the crowd!  

                I've been curious about this place ever since discovering them on Yelp last year. The rest of my family still lives in Richmond, and I'm thinking this is the farthest north along the Highway 80 corridor a dim sum place has opened between SF and Sacramento.  I guess the way the area changed in recent years, especially the growth of nearby Hercules, makes this place possible.  My family tried it out finally for Father's Day dinner. It was nice to see the place was very busy, and even better that the majority of families there were speaking Cantonese. I admit that was one skepticism that this location may cater too much to non-Chinese tastes.  We ordered six dishes and one soup. We liked all the items we ordered, although my parents did make slight comment on the saltiness but not too bad. I especially liked the salty fish and chicken fried fish. We often order that for family-style dinner, but here the salty fish pieces are larger than other places we've ate it. That's good news if you're a fan of it like I am.  The staff was nice and congenial despite being overwhelmed that evening. I especially liked the young girl working there that time: cute and very nice demeanor. :)  Hope to try their dim sum sometime. Also it's nice to see they have basic HK-style items like roast duck noodle soup (they do have a HK-style BBQ counter.  

                This side of the bay (NOT Oakland! Oakland has some of the best dim sum) is in dire need of a good  yum cha spot. I guess this place will do until that happens.  Service/staff politeness is OKAY. Cleanliness is OKAY. Prices are OKAY. They run out of a lot of the good stuff, unfortunately.  

                There are those who wonder why and how a dim sum restaurant such as this could possibly be located in Pinole, and not San Francisco.  I second this thought.   This place serves fantastic dim sums, hands down, at probably half the price of what one would pay for in "The City".   Like most dim sum places, you'll be 'attacked' by dim sum cart-pushing servers shoving dim sum into your face (figuratively speaking) that may overwhelm most first timers into submission, only to be left reeling with a table strewn with about 5 different dishes that you never knew you'd asked for.  Stand your ground, young warrior, stand your ground. Patience and presence of mind is the key.  Ask what each and every item is, take your time to think and, maybe, even ponder. Choose two (maybe three at best) items, for a party of two, and politely refuse all other offers till you have finished eating the selections on your table --- mama's advice to finish your plate before asking for seconds couldn't have come at a better place.  Special mention needs to be made for the pork potstickers, which were probably 50% bigger than at most other place. This plate of a half-dozen is pretty filling and something I'd recommend if you intend to keep to your dining budget. The dough maybe a wee thicker than most but it does not detract and the stuffing is nothing to be scoffed at. They went pretty well with the spicy chilli paste/sauce that is not as hot as, but was better tasting than at other places. The cinnamon essence from, what I spy to be, the five spice mixed into the stuffing may not play nice with the chilli sauce but it's nothing too jarring.  We had a bunch of other items which paled in comparison to the Macao egg custard puff/pie. That was the best I have ever had. It must have come straight from the oven, with the first bite bursting with the gooey custard flowing out from it's pastry shell that ensconced it.  The Macao egg custard pie. How do I put down in words that befits a dish like that? That eponymous first bite exposed the pillowy and airy bright orange creamy goodness of sin that threatened to flow, out all over your hands, but somehow, by sheer dint of willpower, seemed to defy gravity as it were embraced by the puff pastry, akin to a mother holding on to her infant child in the protective warmth of her bosom.  As if the quality of the food wasn't enough, our meal of 7 different items came to a total of $33.50 including taxes (before tips). I had wagered on something close to $60; I couldn't believe it.   My only regret from having come here, was at not having come here earlier.  

                I know the service can be shotty but the food is as close to the real deal as you can get without having to go to El Cerrito or Oakland. Dim sum is great and the roast duck is good too. On Sundays the church across the street is in session and there is little parking til 2:00. They have great Cantonese rice dishes, noodles,  a deli style setup for roast pork, bbq pork, 2 kinds of chicken and of course duck. Food is good and convenient for us folks in Solano county. If you like chicken feet, this place is good. If you come on the weekend, be assertive. Get your name in. Let them know what you want and you will get decent service. In chinese places like this, if they know you are assertive they will respond. Being passive will get you nowhere. It's a Chinese thing. The food is good. Love the Dimsum in the weekends and the dinners are big. Yum  

                First time here and was really hoping to enjoy my experience.  The venue itself is nice but the service is terrible.  Coming in there was only one party that were already eating.  You would think the service would be quick but no one came to get our order for a long while.  I had to raise my hand and tell them that we were ready to order.  The wonton soup only had a handful of won tons and they brought our steamed rice last. Don't they know that Asians have to have their rice first? On top of that they decide to vacuum while customers are still eating. Will not be coming back.  

                This place is alright. The food is nice, but the service isn't that great, and the attitudes of the employees aren't as welcoming as I would hope so. I love it when restaurants are welcoming to you, but here, they're not so much.  

                The restaurant deserves more than 5 stars as there's so much GOODNESS in this place. The food is great in terms of quality and in the pocket . Their 3 dishes for $ 20 with rice and soup deal is a steal !!!Staff are attentive, friendly and HONEST. We went for dinner last Easter Sunday and left the resto near closing time. When I got home, just realized that I left my wallet in the restaurant . They were already closed when we tried contacting them . Next day , went to the resto and alas , one of their staff turned over my wallet to the owner  with everything intact . Lucky me!!! ThANKS ,thanks as didn't even sleep the night before thinking of all the hassles if I won't be able to find  my wallet back . Well, I'm indeed forever grateful to the people of this resto and can count on me as one of their patrons  for life :)  

                The four stars is for the shared family style food. Do not come for Dim Sum. It is expensive and the quality just is not there. Yes family style, no dim sum. Go elsewhere. That is all.  

                I've had two completely different experiences at King Valley - and it's all my fault.  My first visit was for dim sum on a quiet Tuesday morning. Our little group of four pored over the dim sum menu, chose a few things, & went to town. The restaurant was mostly empty, and very quiet. The food was good, but I wasn't blown away. I loved the pork buns & the shrimp siomai. One of us ordered chicken feet, which was an experience in itself. Surprisingly, it wasn't terrible! Though I must say, it is hard to reconcile the mental image of gnawing at a chicken's toes ... Overall, I thought that the food was good, the company was great - but I wasn't sure about the restaurant experience.  My second visit was for dim sum on a Sunday morning, with a group of 8-10. Completely different experience! THIS is dim sum! The carts were out in full force, parading around our table with an endless supply of pork-filled buns, siomai, dumplings, vegetables ... and believe that we stopped every cart! Everything was so good. We must have worn out their little dim sum stamps from all the plates we tried. Halfway through our meal, the restaurant was filled with hungry patrons & steaming carts. We successfully beat the weekend rush, & it was worth it. My only wish is that they had little signs on toothpicks or something, because after a few spins of the Lazy Susan, I had no idea what I was eating. Good thing everything was delicious, amirite?  After that first trip, I was indifferent about a return visit. Now? I hope we come here again - as long as it's on a weekend.  

                I can see how this place may be inconsistent but I've only been here once so far and it was pretty good. Certainly not the best Chinese food I've ever had, but far from the worst.  I like that they have plenty of parking and there is also a city lot attached as well.   When in the area, I would not hesitate to come here again. They are not super friendly, but it seems that they do try.  

                All I have to say is their dim sum is solid. They do all the traditional stuff like ha gow, siu Mai and jook. But they have other interesting plates that set them apart from other joints. They can get really crowded in the late morning/early afternoon so come early.  

                I have yet to try the Dim Sum here, but I've been for dinner twice and it was quite good.  We came here on the recommendation of my husband's boss, and were very pleased.  The portions are quite generous compared to a lot of other restaurants. Service is efficient and polite. They also serve complimentary mango pudding at the end of the meal, which I am not always crazy about, but the one here is very good. A nice step up from the other options in Hercules and Pinole.  

                If I ordered 9 items from the dim sum menue, why would you charge me out of no where a items from the dinner price?!? Been a regular here for a while and Im so disappointed that they would try to pull something like this to get over on a few bucks. NEVER going back! MAKE SURE YOU LOOK AT YOUR BILL!  

                I have eaten here a few times and continually have to ask for water or it will not be refilled. At one point the waitresses grabbed my cup by the lip to make room for a dish on table. At the end of the meal I was rushed for the tab. The food is good, the price is great, but the service can use a little improvement.  

                One word: inconsistent. I've had the pleasure of dining at King Valley a handful of times. My relatives live in Pinole so we end up there for dim sum or dinner every so often. Eating at KV is like a box of chocolates - you never know what you're going to get. Depends if the head chef is cooking or not. I have had pretty good seafood dinners there and some not so stellar meals. Dim sum can be decent or subpar.   I would have been inclined to give a higher rating but last week I went with friends and relatives for dim sum and the food was not good. We even asked if they got a new dim sum chef and the waitress said yes. Thanks, won't be coming back for a while!  The daikon cake had so little daikon and was all just flour. The steamed dumplings had super thick wrappings.....too doughy. Also same with the rice noodle wraps and the beef inside was incredibly fatty. Too much starch overall and not enough filling for most of the dishes.  

