                Always fun to come here, good breakfast and awesome bloody-mary !! Prices are little high, but not too bad :) Very very recommanded!!  

                I've biked by this place for years on my way to the wiggle and there is always a line out the door and a small crowd waiting for you. It was finally that time (friend insisted) that I eat here.  The wait is long, prepare a book or a good set of friends, but it delicious. That stuffed French Toast is remarkably delicious, the attention and service from the staff is always good and while the wait for the food can be long it's all part of the fact that it's super busy. The banana and walnut glaze was especially delicious, gotta love a banana with your french toast.  

                I've been here a couple times and it's always been a very pleasant experience. We asked the guy what color he thought the dress was - blue/ black or white/ gold and he refused to answer us. Yep, that is completely relevant to what I ate.   We ordered the Spicy Kobe Rolls, Chicken Noodle Soup, and POP belly. I was craving soup, which is why I ordered it and felt satisfied with it. I certainly would not recommend it here though because there are better items to eat. Spicy Kobe Roll was good; the meat felt a bit dry. I think the Millionaire's Bacon was better, but still think it's overrated. POP belly was delicious; pork was cooked perfectly and went really well with the Brussel sprouts.  

                Came for brunch on a Friday and we got seated immediately. Took a while for them to take our orders and then it took awhile for them to get us the check, so that was a bit annoying.   I ordered the french toast with eggs and the millionaire bacon and my sissy ordered the pork belly rancheros. The French toast was just alright, it's was extremely deep fried, to the point that certain parts were purely crunchy. The bread itself was a bit dense too, so that was a bit disappointing. The millionaire bacon was the best part though. It's thick, sweet, and savory.   My sissy loved her pork belly rancheros. She finished her plate. The rainbow potatoes are different, but in a good way.  

                This review is for the millionaires bacon only.   We came on Sunday at 1pm, and the wait was 1+ hour. Say whaaaaa, we're starvin' marvin. After going back and forth about whether we should wait, we assessed that all we (meaning I) really wanted was to try this bacon people speak of. So, my friend cleverly suggested we just get the bacon to go and then move onto another restaurant. Genius! She put in the order, waited 3 minutes, paid $8, and we were outta there. The waiter even said it was hella smart move and more people should do that.   So, this bacon- if you like your bacon thick with some sweetness, then this is for you. Two thick cuts infused with maple syrup. Personally, I like my bacon more crisp, thin, and savory. It's a preference thing. So, I wouldn't get this bacon again for $8. And with that long line, who knows if I will come back...  

                I loved the vibe here. Highlights were the popovers (fluffy and amazing) and the pork belly entree. The portions were huge and my taco entree was really more than enough. We had a few different appetizers and I don't think any of them disappointed us. I would definitely go back again and again to try the other entrees!  

                Are you looking for a nice brunch with good friends Saturday or Sunday morning in San Francisco?  Save your search time and go to kitchen story.   You better get the deep-fried French toast with the fresh berries.  Of course you have to plan for two hours at the gym to feel less guilty about eating this delicious object.    The service is amazing although it's so busy on weekends. The wait is always decent with~  less than 20 minutes. Outside seats are nice.  

                This place has been bookmarked on my "To Try" list for a long time. I've finally been able to try this place today. If you go in earlier, your wait is shorter. We went around 1 pm on Sunday and waited about an hour for a table of 3. Luckily, there's a Philz Coffee about 3 blocks away to kill some time. They're also very nice when calling names on the list. They will call you multiple times before they seat a party that was below you. For those that are present and waiting, we hoped they would be more strict and only call out 2-3 times max and cross their names off the list.  On a very nice sunny day such as today, outdoor seating is very lovely. Unfortunately, our table was inside which was a bit stuffy and hot.  They offer bottomless mimosas...yummmm. But none of us were up for that today. We will save it for another time. Our order today included: 1 bloody mary, 1 belly rancheros, 1 deep fried french toast w/ berries, and 1 millionaire's benedict.  Bloody Mary- (4.5 stars) yummm! And it's got a good spicy kick to it. The only thing I can complain about is that the giant chunks of tomato pulp clogs your straw. ($9)  Belly Rancheros- (4.5 stars), the pork belly was very moist with a nice crisp on the outside. I loved the pico and the sauce. The pork belly was marinated in a sweet sauce, which I enjoyed. And of course, the perfectly cooked poached eggs on top were bomb diggity and complete egg porn. ($15)  Millionaire's Benedict- (5 stars) That bacon is 5 stars by itself, but top it off with a perfectly cooked poached egg and a toasted slice of ciabatta below with asparagus and lemon hollandaise. It's like a food orgasm in your mouth. ($15)  Deep Fried Mascarpone Stuffed French Toast- (2 stars) Too much dough and fried batter. It was hyped up for me and it just didn't meet my expectations. I didn't taste much of a french toast either. It was more like a mascarpone stuffed doughnut. ($12)  Presentation was on par. Each plate was beautifully presented no matter how busy they were.  Service was pretty good. We had our orders taken right away and water came shortly afterwards. The wait for the food takes some time, but drinks come out pretty much right away.  Price is a couple bucks pricier than your typical $11-12 brunch.  BUT THAT BACON DOE!!!!!! I'll definitely be back for that bacon and to try some other dishes on their menu.  

                Food = good.   Ribeye Omurice = delicious.  It's bibimbap/loco moco on a plate. (Scrambled eggs over jasmine rice, marinated ribeye, carrots, cherry pepper, spinach, scallions. Demi glazed sauce.)  Rice was savory with a bit of crispiness to it, topped with fluffy eggs and delicious sauce! Rainbow potatoes = beautiful and delicious! (They're not heavily salted, so I really enjoyed them.)  Breakfast plate comes with a blueberry scone and honey butter, too...and it's pretty good! (A lot of food.)  $15.00   Open face breakfast = wow.  (Wagyu patty, spinach, mushroom, white cheddar, Demi glazed with two eggs sunny side up.)   A most impressive plate.  My friend said it was delicious and filling. $14.75  Castro Millionaire's  BLT = good.  (Millionaire's bacon, tomato, mixed green, jack.)  He wasn't a fan of the bacon as it is thick cut.  We, on the other hand, love the Millionaire's Bacon.   Portions = generous.   Prices = moderate.   Service = Okay. We sat outside, and we never had the water refilled. It was around 10 a.m. on a Wednesday.  It wasn't that busy.  

                This place is an AWESOME brunch spot! Loved the lemon french toast and millionaire's bacon and benedict. The Bloody Mary infused with soju served with a thick slice of bacon is beautiful and delicious.   I came during the weekday (heard the lines are tres horrible) during the weekends. It was perfect. No lines, a beautiful table waiting and eager to please staff. You'll leave happy and wanting to come back for more.  

                This is a story about a girl named Lucky...  Early morning, she wakes up Knock, knock, knock on the door It's time for breakfast, perfect brunch It's food you're waiting for They go... "Isn't this yummy, this Kitchen Story?"  (Oops, for a second, I thought I was Britney. Back to the food...)  Elaine N. recommended Kitchen Story to me so I knew I had to check it out! I met up with a few friends at 10am on Saturday. Perfect timing because we got seated in just 10 minutes. (That's pretty much unheard of in the SF brunch scene!) The restaurant, both inside and outside, got filled up right after, and a crowd formed at the entrance. If you sit outside and you're afraid of the cold, it's okay because they have heaters!   Millionaire's Benedict ($15.75): Millonaire's Bacon, asparagus, tomato, Meyer Lemon hollandaise  Not only is the plating gorgeous, the food was delicious! The millionaire's bacon is no joke - it's a big cut and awesome. It's no wonder everyone on Yelp is raving about it.   Because they have a bottomless mimosa option ($18/person), you bet I'll be back for more brunch and fun!  

                It was not until 2 days after going to the restaurant that I realized the millennium bacon is actually millionaire bacon. I somehow justified the name that millennium = lots of hippies = love of bacon. My mind works in mysterious ways.  Anyways located in a charming neighborhood, we were warmly greeted by the host upon entering. That warm friendly service continued throughout the evening, where our glasses were never empty, we got multiple snacks as well that were all delicious.  I ordered the seafood noodle which hit the spot. Can't wait to go back to try their brunch!  

                Gordon Ramsay would be damn pleased by their magnificent execution of the poached egg! After watching the poached eggs pressure test that the chef's had to undergo on Season 5 of Master Chef, I realized how challenging it could be to cook a perfectly poached egg. So, when I actually encounter one, I've gotta glorify the meticulous effort! Bravo Kitchen Story...bravo.   A lazy Sunday called for a casual brunch date, so we wandered over with the intention of trying their benedicts. The petite venue gets packed, so if you're a party of two and you want to be seated almost immediately (approx. 15 minute wait), you ought to opt for the bar seating.   I ordered the Franciscan Benedict while my fiancé ordered the Italian Pesto Benedict. The poached egg entrees come with rainbow potatoes, though you can replace them with a berry mix for $4.00 more. We highly recommend ordering either Benedict, as they're both notably tasty. Presentation of each dish was as stylish as the trendy venue. The buttery-smooth Meyer lemon hollandaise sauce handsomely adorned our poached eggs and when I punctured the egg, the lush yellow yolk effortlessly flowed onto the chicken sausage and crisp Ciabatta toast underneath. Nooice. Overall, a solid execution of eggs Benedict, but there was nothing too astonishing in regards to flavor.   Service is also worthy of some praise, because the servers were decently attentive, always making sure our beverages were replenished. For my next visit, I'd be thrilled to try the mascarpone stuffed deep fried French toast and millionaire bacon that yelpers keep raving about.  

                I'd actually give this 4.5 stars due to slow service, but because I like the food so much, 5 stars it is!  ENVIRONMENT - it's a cute cozy place in the Mission and quite close to Mission Dolores Park. I'd actually recommend ordering takeout and bringing it to the park to eat to avoid the long lineup to eat in.  SERVICE - it was kind of slow and servers didnt really check up on us to ask if we needed anything. But maybe cause it was Valentine's day and they were quite busy. Had to wait a good 30 mins or so around 11am on a weekend. They dont take reservations!   FOOD - mmmm another to add to SF's best brunch places. We were feeling extra hearty and ordered the following: +organic soy lavender $4.45 - soy milk, lavender, honey, cardamom. This is a hot drink and was quite delicious! Just a little pricey... But it looked unique on the menu so I just had to try it.  + pumpkin spiced chai $5.45 - pumpkin puree, coconut oil cinnamon, spicey chai, and milk. This was also quite expensive so I'd wouldnt order this again next time since it was good.. But not spectacular for $5!   + mascarpone deep fried french toast $11 - comes with an assortment of berries. anything mascarpone and i am sold! But tbh, i wouldnt get this again in the future just cause it's unhealthy LOL. It is good though but i think there was too much fried batter then mascarpone. It actually reminded me of a mix between the sweet dough fritters you eat/dip with congee and deep fried milk!   + ribeye omurice $15 - jasmine rice, egg onelette, rainbow potatoes (reg. potatoes, sweet potatoes and the purple ones!), as well as a scone and a grapefruit slice. Definitely choose this if you want to be really full and satisfied!  +millionaire's bacon $8 - okay, so it's essentially $8 for just 2 slices of bacon. But THIS IS NOT REGULAR BACON. ITS THE BACON GOD OF BACONS. It's just sweet and crunchy and just so good.   And honestly, all their other dishes looked so appetizing! Presentation of their dishes is on point. Can't wait to come back again next time i'm im SF!  

                Noticed that this place gets pretty packed over the weekend for breakfast and I hear about this place all the time.  Was around the area and decided to try this place for dinner. We got seated right away which was nice, however we literally waited 15 minutes and got no acknowledgment from a waiter/waitress and no water. So, we had no choice but to walk out. On the way out, the host who sat us down said "Thank you!" Really?  Very sad, but maybe I'll give this place another try for breakfast instead...  

                The Korean fusion is fairly evident (pork belly benedict anyone?) but if you are more of a square breakfast/brunch fan, they can meet that need as well. I decided to go with the deep fried mascarpone french toast with a side of millionaire's bacon. The presentation was beautiful.  As for the meal, the bacon was awesome. Thick cut hugged in sweet maple and lightly dusted with some chili powder. Sweet, salty, spicy, it was all there! The mascarpone french toast was equally delicious. The inside was nice and fluffy while the thicker, outer edge was more cakey in texture. The portion size is definitely deceiving....it's very filling.I enjoyed it all with bottomless cups of coffee. Two entrees and coffees cost us over $50 with tip, but on the plus side, there is absolutely no rush even when there's a crowd outside -  definitely a nice, comfortable place for brunch.  Beware, the crowd really builds up around 10, so get here early to avoid all the hubbub and rush.  

                The presentation is absolutely magical.   The strawberry salad? Unbelievable. Copious prawns, and flavor profile fits well.   The POP sandwich, however, blew me out of the pork... pun intended.  Bursting with juicy pork, the arugula and caramelized onions just connected well on this sandwich, which was exactly the right size.  Alcoholic beverages are lackluster - the bloody mary is actually quite good, but the beer is all bottled and the wine list is okay. They do offer a bottomless mimosa for $18 which is worth it if you're in the mood to drink copious amounts of champagne.   Come here for the food, not the alcohol.  

                I have Instagram to thank for discovering this place. After seeing all the pretty pictures, I had this place bookmarked from the get-go. I've been wanting to try this place out for a while now, and now that I've tried it out, I guess all I have to say is.. Eh.. But maybe it's because I tried the wrong thing?  I was immediately drawn to the deep fried French toast because I love deep fried foods (it's really unhealthy, but seriously I can't resist it). I also couldn't have skipped out on the millionaire bacon, which they apparently specialize in.  The deep fried French toast was pretty good. It's kind of like the toast boxes you get at asian dessert spots, but a better. The millionaire bacon on the other hand.... I'm not too sure about. It was really fatty and really sweet. I'm more of a crispy bacon kind of person, so maybe that's why I didn't really enjoy it. I'd say skip the bacon.   My counterpart ordered the pork belly rancheros, which I DEFINITELY enjoyed a lot more than my dish. If you like the idea of asian tacos, get this!! Definitely worth the $15.  Service was really nice, but towards the end of our meal they disappeared and we had to wait like 15 mins for them to show up and ask for our check.   Overall the experience was okay. I'd like to come back and try their other dishes.  

                Came here for New Years Brunch with my bf! The wait was about 30 minutes. The restaurant is really cute and cozy inside. There's also bar seating, overlooking the kitchen.   I ordered the deep fried stuffed french toast and my bf got the ribeye omurice. I love french toast, and was so excited for this dish. I really liked it, except that it came out cold. Not even warm, but cold, which was a disappointment. The ribeye omurice was yummy!! The eggs were so fluffy and the rice was similar to fried rice with ribeye. I wished the ribeye was sliced and placed on top rather than mixed throughout.   Overall, it was good except for a few things. Next time, I hope my dish comes out hot.  

                So I can finally say I knocked off Kitchen Story from my bucket list, and maybe the year-long wait overhyped this place for me, or I just have crazy high standards for my breakfast foods because that's what Leslie Knope taught me. Either way, I couldn't help but feel a teeny tiny bit disappointed after my brunch here with a couple of girlfriends.  We ordered the Chicken Mango sandwich, Marscapone Deep Fried French Toast, KS Monte Cristo and a side of Millionaires Bacon. I couldn't help but miss something better I've had elsewhere: a lemon marscapone french toast I had up in Reno's Peppermill, the Monte Cristo from Mama's on Washington Square, and boy oh boy, Praline Bacon from my visit in New Orleans (if you don't know what that is you need to do a quick Google search ASAP and educate yo'selves).  I feel terrible because I really love the ambiance, decor, and stellar service of Kitchen Story. I probably need to try some other dishes so I don't compare them to something else I want and set myself up for disappointment.  

                If you like day trips, and waiting over an hour for food after waiting an hour to get seated, get ready for this meal! It is the perfect combo with some delicious cold, rubbery eggs Benedict and chewy sausage, and cold rice. All cold everything! And if you want some refreshing water with mystery floaters inside, this is the place to be! If that isn't enough to knock your socks off, some terrible service and unaccommodating waiters will do the trick! (Not to mention that $8 side of bacon) Talk about Yum!  

                OMURICE is the bomb! Portions are humungous. Kalbi fried rice with a delicious crumpet with butter that will make any frown turn upside down. :)  

                ate here for a birthday dinner. Their millionaires bacon is worth the trip there! I tried their pork ribs taco and it was okay. Also tried the pad thai thing, also okay. I wouldnt go back for those but i would just to get some millionaires bacon to go! lol   The ambiance is very nice. It truly feels like you're just eating at home. I love their little decorations around the restaurant that makes it feel very homey.  

                Wow this place is amazing.  I came here for dinner with some girlfriends at about 9pm on a Saturday night.  Our table wasn't ready so we sat at the counter for a bit.  BIG MISTAKE.  The counter overlooks the popovers and the food expediter so we saw the amazing dishes coming out of the kitchen -- making us hungrier.    We ordered the millionarie's bacon, fried pumpkin, tilapia, steak, eggplant, brussel sprouts and pacific pad thai.  EVERYTHING was delicious.  EVERYTHING.  The tilapia was perfectly cooked and I couldn't get enough of the mushroom sauce that it was served with.  The steak was juicy and flavorful.  The pad thai was maybe the best I've ever had because of all the fresh seafood -- even better then the pad thai I had in Thailand.     For dessert we had the croissant bread pudding and the choco cake.  Both great as well.  The only negative thing is that they ran out of popovers by the time we were seated so we didn't get any!  They gave us some sweet potato chips instead...   Will definitely be back.  

                Kitchen Story is an exquisite place to eat. Most people come here for the Breakfast & Brunch service but the dinner menu is also a treat.   First, the ambiance is without a doubt modern hipster with a hint of traditional asian, but mostly hipster. Our check at the end of the meal was clipped to an old rugged novel (very hipster).   Second, the food was very hit-or-miss, erring on the side of hitting the taste palate spot on with a few misses. Starting with the hits:  1. The Millionaire's Way ($13) - awesome appetizer but definitely a one-time dish. For $13, I expected more than two slices of bacon. The taste is great though. The combination of sweet and salty is a winner, but the cost makes it seem like fine dining (this place is not). 2. The Castro Sea ($22)- if you're a fan of Thai/Southeast Asian cuisine, this dish will rock your world. I personally thought the seasoning was superb.  3. The Short Rib Tacos ($19) - BEST DISH HERE. The short rib is shredded very finely so it's very moist and tender. The seasoning of the meat is out of this world. I would highly recommend this dish to anyone coming here.  Onto the single miss: 1. The Dancing Queen - the most expensive dish on the menu sporting a nice cut of waygu beef ($24) is a completely miss. The beef was more tough than a ribeye cut or even a new york cut of beef. I was sorely disappointed. Avoid this dish if possible.  Overall, we came on a Tuesday night when it was less busy, so the service was superb.   Pros: Great tasting food Cons: Street parking (you're in SF, what do you expect?)  

                OH my goodness this place was AMAZING!! A friend & I were planning to go to another brunch spot but they weren't open today so we came here instead & it was a great decision!!! Pleasant indoor & outdoor seating- nothing too fancy. The outdoor seating has heat lamps if needed. The servers were prompt & nice. 2 co-ed bathrooms were clean & a little cute with fun sayings on the signs that were hanging.  (I know it seems like a silly thing to review but I really appreciate it!! My friend & I ordered: Fresh squeezed OJ- wonderful! Coffee- good I debated whether or not I should order the Mascarpone stuffed deep fried French Toast but I am So0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o glad I did!!! Totally worth all the calories!!!!! It was seer & sensational topped with strawberries, blueberries, blackberries, & a slice of grapefruit~ Yumo!!! My friend ordered Mom's benedict Breakfast~ also amazing!! The sausage had such great flavor & the egg was perfectly runny & seasoned.  Even with all the wonderful breakfast & brunch options in the area, I will definitely be coming back here again! Overall, excellent food & service with a smile, clean decent atmosphere, & very reasonably priced for the quality we received!  

                After waiting in for a table at 1PM on a Saturday for two hours, it was worth the wait.    Belly Rancheros - slow braised Kurobuta pork belly, avocado, arugula, Kimchi Pico De Gallo, spicy guacamole, corn tortilla. Uh, yummmmmmmm! With the massive serving, every bite was tastefully delectable. The pork belly was tender and complimented the spicy guacamole and pico de gallo perfectly.    Millionaire bacon - Crispy and chewy drenched in maple syrup. I liked this better than other places that serves millionaire bacon as their bacon retained the crispiness without getting soggy from the syrup.   Adorable brunch spot, must go!  

                Upon hearing such a great things for so long from neighborhood locals.. I was quite underwhelmed.   Probably not the best spot for a vegetarian or anyone who doesn't love super sweet mixed in with your savory.   Too bad I'm vegetarian and my boy likes his savory, all savory.   Fried Kobocha Squash rings were pretty good but I would've liked them with an aioli instead or in addition to the super duper sweet syrupy sauce they were served with.   I shared the vegetarian Panang Curry as an appetizer and was the best part of the meal. How can you go wrong with avocado and curry?  Unfortunately the Pad Thai was lackluster and below average.  My boy likes the 5 spice pork but it was a little on the sweet side. He was not a fan of the overly syrupy sweet millionaires bacon. I think it's a better dish to share.   The coconut cream latte was good and straightforward. Would have been good with a couple shots of espresso or maybe a couple shots of something a little stronger. ;)   Maybe this is better as a brunch spot where sweet and savory are more appropriate? I'm not sure, but I wasn't impressed.  We were underwhelmed and passed on dessert, heading over to Bi-Rite and Hot Cookie instead.  

                Given it was Valentine's Day and 11:30a, I was expecting a long wait upon checking in. I was pleasantly surprised to be seated no less than 5 minutes later, outside on a GORGEOUS, warm, San Francisco day.   However, maybe due to my wine hangover or not ordering the right thing... I wasn't impressed :(  My boyfriend ordered the Bloody Mary, and I an Organic Soy Lavender Newbie. He loved his Bloody Mary, which contained chunks of tomato, celery, onions, etc. he said it made every sip interesting. While I liked the Organic Soy Lavender Newbie, I didn't really like the fresh lavender leaves on top as a garnish. It left every sip with lavender leaves in my mouth. Was I supposed to take it out?   Boring me,  I always order the same thing for brunch - french toast. What got me was that it was a marscopone filled deep fried french toast! The boyfriend got the Frisco Benedict (chicken mango sausage, avocado, red pepper with a lemon Meyer hollandaise).   Our food came out beautiful!!! Colorful, and my eyes ate it right up. My french toast was a monster, lol. Delicious, however I did not like the bread it came with. The best French toasts I've had IMO, come with brioche bread. The bread it came on made it taste almost stale, and hard to eat. And it reminded me of county fair food. It was just sweet enough that it did not need syrup. My boyfriend inhaled his dish. He offered me one of his last bites without noticing he already placed it in his mouth haha. I LOVED the rainbow potatoes it came with. Perfectly salty and crispy.   Finishing touch- bringing our bill attached to a real book! Touché, kitchen story, touché.   I will come back, but will definitely order something else, and I have to try the millionaire's bacon - what we were thinking, not ordering it?!  

                I said 5 stars.  That's how they throw down.  Always busy, always on time, always delicious. I'm not a fan of absolutes, but I can't lie about how I feel.  Fruity cocktails are yummy here, the cappuccino delivers a smooth wake-up call, the wedges taste like they're double-fried in an East-coast-kinda-way, and the veggie burger is one of my faves.  I've had dinner here, and I wouldn't go back for that. It wasn't horrible, just that nothing really stood out.  Now, lemme get back to my love affair with their veggie burger.   Freshly-made veggie patty (secret ingredients will put your tongue on house arrest), roasted tomato, avocado, onion, spinach, Swiss cheese. All this greatness is served on a toasted bun.   Do yourself a favor and experience it.  

                I came here on a weekday and luckily there was no wait time.  I ordered the Belly Rancheros and my friend had a Veggie burger with  french fries.  My order was so large, I wasn't able to finish it.  It was rather good, but overly fatty (pork belly).  I didn't try the burger,  but I tried the french fries and thought they were the best part of the meal (extra crispy).  

                Hot chocolate here are yummy!   I highly recommend trying the millionaire's bacon. It's a bit pricey, (about $8 bucks or so) for two pieces of bacon. I like it though. It's crispy, sweet due to the honey that they glazed over it, and you can never go wrong with bacon.   I also got one of their Benedict and it was delicious. The egg was poached perfectly, and had fruit for decorations, and the bread was toasty!  I will definitely come back! It's a nice environment, they have an indoor seating as well as an outdoor seating arrangement. Even with both though, there is still a wait during lunch or brunch time! So be prepared to wait.  

                Above average brunch place in the city.  FOOD: - Millionaire Bacon Eggs Benedict. Bread was a little dry. The bacon was definitely something different and I'd say it's worth trying. It's glazed in syrup and literally tastes like pork belly you'd get at KBBQ. And I think most people like pork belly at KBBQ.  - Fried French Toast. Now this one was something different too. Fried to a good consistency. Plate comes with little pieces of fruit too, makes you feel like you're somewhat eating something healthy to offset the fried bread. All in all I would recommend it.   TIPS: -We found parking on Sanchez, between 16th and 17th. -The place looks nice, quaint, and clean. Take your significant other here for brunch.   OTHER CONSIDERATIONS:  -They charged 20% for gratuity for our party of 8. A little steep for unspectacular service.  

                I went for the second time yesterday, which of course is a good thing cause it means i liked it enough to go back.    I got the italian pesto Benedict.  It was very nicely put together.  good balance of flavors. The pesto wasn't overwhelming - the hollandaise flavor still came through.  I like the addition of asparagus, the eggs were well poached, and the hollandaise sauce in general was well done (this is the most important part).  I didi feel iike the bread was a big too thick - overwhelming and then got a little soggy?    My friends got the Meyer Lemon French Toast and the Ricotta Pancakes and both enjoyed them.    It's San Francisco, so it was too expensive - and yes I know I say this every time and should probably move to Ohio or something (shiver - ohio - brrr).   Their service is a little slow - I remember noticing this last time I was here too.  Maybe it's sorta a slow food thing?  But I'm really into drinking my coffee while I"m deciding what I want, and that doesn't happen here.    They do have bottomless mimosas if you are looking for that - $18.  

                Hands down the best brunch I've ever had in my life. Everything I had was AMAZING!  Belly Rancheros (5/5): if you like Mexican food definitely get this. Has tons of flavor and it was just delicious.   Ribeye Omurice (4/5): I liked the pieces of ribeye mixed in with the rice and the sauce was tasty. The potatoes were great.   Mascarpone Stuffed Deep Fried French Toast (5/5): must try! So so good  There is usually a wait here but it's not too bad so don't be intimidated by the long list of people waiting! It's definitely worth it.  

                Finally got to try this place! After seeing everyone's photos I finally had the time to wake up and come out here. I was a little worried because it was the weekend so I expected it to be a long wait. Got there around 11:00 and ended up parking a block away near an elementary school. My roommates and I put our names on the list and waited outside. It wasn't too bad and there were a lot of dogs entertaining us outside. There wasn't too many people waiting and we got there just before the lunch rush. After 26 minutes we finally got seated. I didn't think this place would be asian fusion but it is. They had a lot of thingy on the menu like omurice, banhmi, soju, Thai tea etcetc and oh can't forget your typical mimosa, they serve it bottom less :)   After looking through the menu I ended up just getting the rib eye omurice and the millionaires bacon. I've heard everyone rave about the bacon before so I really wanted to try it even though it was $8 for two strips. While we were waiting we just talked amongst ourselves and the atmosphere in here is really loud. There was even this rowdy group next to us that was really annoying -_- the waiters would stop by every so often to fill up our glasses of water till we finally got put food.   As soon as the food arrived everyone started whipping out their phone and taking pictures LOL. Then finally after capturing the right angle we dug in. The plate of omurice was huge and had a lot of sides with it. The egg was cooked perfectly and the potatoes were amazing, just the perfect amount of crispy. The rice was good too and the various toppings helped compliment the flavor. I liked the bacon but I just feel like it's mediocre. It's literally bacon with brown sugar glaze, I've made it myself before.   Rib eye omurice: - omelette topped with certain kind of sauce  - rib eye jasmine rice  - rainbow (?) potatoes  - biscuit with sweet butter  -two sticks of rice noodles  - side of grapefruit  4 stars for the food and atmosphere  - 1 for the parking, wait, kind of overpriced :(   Will come back when I'm feeling fancy haha.  

                Got here early on a Saturday when they opened and we were seated right away. The place filled up quick!! I loved the decor and ambiance, very cute and cozy!! I still cant believe this is Blackwoods sister restaraunt bc I hated it! We ordered and eggs benny which was served on a crusty bread! I liked it better than an english muffin! Also the french toast was amazing!!! I usually prefer pancakes or waffles but I couldnt stop eating the french toast here! My only complaint is the servers kept waiting for us to leave, seemed very pushy. At one point I saw them just standing and waiting to take our dishes away, this sort of happened at blackbird.   Overall the food was yummy, ill def be back :)  

                Fusion restaurants are usually a hit or miss for me. Fortunately, Kitchen Story was a hit.   Came here on Halloween night because the sushi restaurant next to it was packed.  I ordered the Finger Lickin' entree which came with deep fried chicken breast, fries, cucumber salad and yellow curry as a dipping sauce. I was skeptical prior to ordering this at first because: 1) Chicken breast is usually dry for the most part and 2) why is there yellow curry? Regardless, I ordered it.   During our wait, we were offered bread (I think they're called pop-overs?) to snack on. I don't know if they sprinkled crack on the bread or not but those things were amazing. Our server was nice enough to bring us another batch after we inhaled all the bread so quickly (thanks dude *thumbs up*).   Shortly after, all our food came out and mine happened to come out last (I've accepted the fact that this happens to me everywhere). After the first bite of the chicken on my plate, I knew I made the right choice. Remember how I said that chicken breast is usually dry? Yeah, disregard that. Oh and also the part about why there was yellow curry? Well, let's forget I decided to bring that up. THAT CURRY IS BOMB.   So yeah, I'm still skeptical of these damn fusion restaurants all over that bay but this place knows how to actually make the food work together. Will most likely come back sometime in the future. :D  PS: Their rum and espresso drink is pretty damn good.  

                One of the best times I've ever had for brunch. Amazing service and staff that made the dining experience impeccable. Eggs and cheddar potato dish with the best biscuit I've ever tried were so delicious. I have no complaints! Bottomless mimosas here are guaranteed to have your drinks overflowing at the brim.  

                Came out to the city for brunch with some friends and one of them suggested Kitchen Story. I promptly accepted, especially tempted by one Deep Fried Mascarpone Stuffed French Toast. I also ordered the Pumpkin Spiced Chai.  Pros:   + I'm told 30-35 minutes is a relatively short wait time for brunch on a Saturday Morning. I'm not a regular bruncher so I cannot confirm. + Line moved fairly quickly.  + Food came out promptly and the presentation, with 2-3 fried pieces of spaghetti, was nice  + Tables were adequately spaced out - no spillages, awkward elbow rubs, etc.  + The actual food portions were huge. And that mascarpone deep fried toast was phenomenal.  + Things were expensive. $5 for a hot drink?!?  Cons:  - No vegan options and highly limited eggless/vegetarian options.  - The service was ok - they took our requests but there was no above and beyond type of service. It's freaking cold in San Francisco, maybe put out a heater for everyone waiting. Getting drinks while we waited involved waiting forever for the server to not look so harried and actually listen to what we wanted.  - The Pumpkin spiced chai tasted like oatmeal and water broth with a hint of cinnamon. It was fucking cold so I drank it up but at $5, not sure if I'll ever order that again.  - Raspberry lemonade is quiet nice.  - Rainbow potatoes are yummy and satisfying - not worth $5 though.   Not sure if this place really satisfies my specific brunch needs, but I'd certainly recommend it to others looking for short wait times.  

