                Just had lunch here and the shrimp tacos with rice and beans are amazing!!  Great service with authentic food!!!!  

                We found this place thanks to other yelpers and hungry stomachs looking for some food!  The waitress smiled at us from across the restaurant as we walked in and told us to seat ourselves.   We sat for a few minutes and she brought us menus and came back chips, salsa and waters. The woman was friendly.  My biggest complaint was that it took awhile for the food to come. My husbands Molcajete was beautiful coming out--and minutes later my burrito came. The $5 burrito was white rice, chicken and beans. Nothing special but a good price and good food. The Molcajete came out sizzling. The sauce from it was very flavorful...so much that my husband actually used the tortillas to make save and savor as much flavor as possible.   The homemade tortillas were a fun plus!  Our bill was 23.82 for 1-burrito and 1-molcajete.  To summarize--food was good, flavors were full, service was a bit slow and prices do not reflect the $ on yelp. I feel like it should have $$.  Yelp 12/100  

                This place is a hidden gem. My mom and I are out of towners and we by happened to stop in the area on the way to Monterey. My mom especially wanted authentic Mexican food and fortunately this was just the place !   We were first greeted by a very sweet waitress who was the daughter of the restaurant owners. She recommended some  yummy dishes so my mom and I took this as advantage.The food was delicious and made with family love. My mom and I decided to split the eggs, refried beans and two enchiladas which came with homemade tortillas that were divine. The red sauce on the enchiladas wasn't too spicy and very tasty.   I recommend this place and we are definitely planning to come back. It is in a very convenient location and the restaurant  has a very friendly and welcoming environment. Please check it out for the sake of your taste buds!   Enjoy.  

                This place serves up the best Mexican seafood I have ever had. That includes 12 years of living in the Mission district of SF. Cruised down to Watsonville for dinner tonight. Yelp reviews made me crave Mexican seafood and La Perla did NOT disappoint. Jean had the Comal de Mariscos and I had the Enchiladas Camarones. Simple and amazing food. The shrimp in the enchiladas was perfectly cooked and succulent. The rice and beans were great. The beans were not all smothered in cheese like at some places. Plenty of beers and beverages to choose from too. Pretty extensive menu. The service was warm and friendly. I think the woman who waited on us was Adriana. She was just great. She is obviously proud of her family business, and for good reason. She told us they have been there for 25 years.   The flan was without a doubt the best that either of us had ever had. Jean invented a new word: "Flangasm". Seriously, you have never had a better flan than the one they make here.   Low key location. Look for the pawn shop next door with the blue awning and you will find it. Crowd was all ages, from old folks to kids. They have a kids menu too.  Plenty of free parking all around.   We cannot wait to go back!  

                Shrimp cocktail was really good. Everything else we had was basic. Gotta say the woman who helped us, perhaps the owner, was bananas rude.  

                This place is legit.  Had the shrimp empanada and two shrimp tacos.  They were supposed to be fish tacos but they sent me shrimp.  I don't like to send food back so I ate them and could not have been more satisfied.  Recommend to anyone passing through Watsonville.  

                As out of towners enjoying a vacation on the coast, we tend to hunt for good fish tacos to set the proper mood. LA Perla hit the spot!  While we didn't sample the menu broadly, we found both the grilled and battered fish tacos to be great. Each taco is generously portioned, and the ingredients tasted very fresh. We will come again the next time we're in the neighborhood.  

                A family owned restaurant with great food and service. Try their Camarones a la Diabla!  

                I have visited this place for years. My gosh...words can't even explain the mouth watering food and excellent food service. My parents come in all the time especially my dad who chooses this place and never gives up on it. It's kinds funny because we already know where he wants to go everytime. But I don't mind I love the food. My favorite plates are el filete (frito) a la manteqilla and el comal a la diabla. I seriously can't get enough of this place. I highly recommend. Best seafood restaurant in town!!!! Owned my two lovely people who I enjoy visiting and dining in. Totally worth your time and money!!  

                Great food. The molchaete was good and I bet it would be great with eggs for breakfast.  Authentic and fresh food.  Wonderful tortilla.  I went on a Saturday night and by 6:30 every table was filled.  

                The diablo sauce is really good, although it almost tastes Indian rather than Mexican. Huge portions, a full selection of Mexican beers and lots of seafood. Shrimp, abalone, octopus, and scallops are all good here.  

                I love the fried fish here. One of the best I've had. The extras are ok (beans, rice etc.). I just love picking at the delicious white meat off a good tasting fish. From my understanding the red snapper has a tendency to run out.   Also had the shrimp tostada and an octopus tostada. They load them up with seafood which is really cool for the price. I preferred the shrimp tostada.   Great service too! It's family owned and they really focus on serving people.   I can't wait to come back here.  

                Probably just a lot more authentic than I'm used to. The service was really great though. It was my nephews choice. He loves it!!  

                I finally thought I had found a place for good, authentic Mexican seafood around...I have to explain first that I grew up in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico..which is seafood galore!! I moved here, and after 8 months finally heard of La Perla del Pacifico....honestly, i was disappointed. I drove 45 minutes to eat here, but nothing had flavor...nothing at all.  The seafood cocktail had no flavor, the aguachile was not spicy at all, the empanadas were terrible...and we were too fill to try the flan. Too bad, i really really wanted to like it..  the search continues...  

                Incredible! For years I have searched the Monterey Bay for a Mexican restaurant that was not just the same old tired taqueria food. The search is finally over. Perla is a very modest little restaurant on Main St. in Watsonville, the kind of place where if you blink you miss it. When you walk in you will be greeted by one of the sweetest family's I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. I think that everyone working there is a member of the family and the father does all of the cooking unassisted. The restaurant specializes in mariscos (seafood) but also has a good selection of non-seafood items. The quality of the fish is unparalleled anywhere in the bay. The ceviche was some of the best I've ever tasted. The same level of flavor was true of all the other items I had. All of their dishes were ones that you can probably only find deep inside Mexico so don't expect the standard burritos and enchiladas. Prices are also very reasonable. Don't bother sifting through all the rest of the garbage out there and try Perla as soon as possible for one of the most authentic Mexican experiences you will find.  

                Thank you Yelpers! My husband and I stopped for lunch based upon your reviews and recommendations and what a fabulous seafood meal we had. Delicious flavorful food well prepared and served in a most friendly atmosphere.  Good prices too. Even a public parking lot at the back.  We will be back!  

                Best Mexican food in Santa Cruz, I have been to almost all the Mexican goof restaurant in Santa Cruz and this place is the best. Every thing is delicious, and the service is great. I am Mexican and I know what real Mexican food is and this is the best in Santa Cruz  

                Two words: verde enchiladas!!! This has become my favorite Mexican spot in Watsonville. Helps that it's within walking distance too. The only downside is no margaritas. :( However, I just drink a modelo instead! Problem solved. ;)  

                If you are looking for fresh and authentic Mexican seafood, look no further!  If you are driving to La Perla Del Pacifico, don't blink..because it is hard to spot. We drove by it a few times and finally just decided to park and try to find it on foot. Finally found it...it is super tiny-but so worth finding.  This place is small and simple-no frills in the decor. All you need to know is the food. Ordered the fish ceviche as an appetizer, could have been my entree...it was HUGE!!! Fresh fish and sooooo delicious! For an entree, we ordered the special-which was shrimp, scallops, abalone and some other fish cooked in a sweet chile sauce. This was served with tortillas, rice & beans. They also brought us extra tortillas and beans upon request. So delicious and fresh. Cannot stress enough how good this place was!  Service was also wonderful and dinner for two came out to $30. Go here!  

                Small, quaint and modest Mexican restaurant in downtown Watsonville. The service was friendly and the food very, very good. Will let friends know about this secret spot for great food.   I had the chicken mole enchiladas and she had camarones rancheros. Both were excellent.  

                Wanted to try some fusion food... Tried a ceviche and fajita mixta. The ceviche was was good but not living up the hype.  

                Super fresh seafood! I had the Shrimp empanada to start and it was rich and delicious. The Octopus and Shrimp with ranchero sauce were SO good! Very easy to make rubbery octopus but La Perla's was so nice and tender... Mmmm. Even their rice and beans are special. Staff was super friendly. I can't wait to go back.  

                I would love to know how they get their food so hot!  Tortillas are great!  The food is okay but I think I prefer El Chipotle in Soquel.  

                Fantastic food and fantastic service as usual :D I've been coming here for years ever since I was a kid and I've NEVER been disappointed :) try the enchiladas, they're awesome!!!!  

                The staff takes time to talk to you so it can feel like family when you come by often. Also, the Food is great and you should try the fried pork chops! The onions are fantastic, but it comes with jalapenos (a warning for those who don't like them).  

                I had business in Watsonville and went on Yelp reviews. Here's my take on La Perla. Not hard to find as its several stores south of Lake next to Watsonville Pawn [look for big blue awnings w/gold lettering].  I went on a Monday around 1pm. One other couple was seated in this quaint eatery. The owner was pleasant and took my order after browsing thru the menu. She was the only one working the front. Feels like a typical Mexican eatery away from touristy spots, easy going, calm and could be mistaken for slow but not to me.  Chips & Salsa - * [1.5] star rating   Chips were bland and some stale. Not even salted. Salsa was nothing but pureed tomats and jalepenos. Decently hot but also bland.  Corn Tortilla's - ***** BIG plus stars Tasted homemade with lots of real corn flavor. Yum-um-mee!  Fish Tacos, grilled not bread - ***** stars Thinly sliced talapia grilled on a flatop, juicy and flavorful. Served on two homemade tasting corn tortillas [oh so yummy], diced red onions, and dice deep red tomats. Oh so yummy abounding with exotic flavors. But hey, if you like tomats then you'll fall in love this taco as there seem to be a whole diced tomat. I scraped off enough to make a small salad.  Shrimp Tacos, grilled not breaded - ** [2.5] stars Baby shrimp, overcooked, dry and chewy. Lots of them so that was good. Grilled white onion slivers, sorta burnt on the edges gave it very charcoaly flavor. Not so many tomats, which was good too. Well seasoned and flavorful. If it wasn't for overcooking, I would rate this taco higher.  Definitely going back to try other dishes.  

                I'd heard really good things, read the yelp reviews, and finally got the chance to see if the seafood at La Perla met my expectations; but they were exceeded. Authentic, rich flavors, man-sized portions, friendly service, reasonable prices, clean and cute restaurant. I can't believe I waited this long to eat here! The Pulpos y Camarones Ranchero was awesome.  

                WOW! - One of the best seafood meals I've ever had - and I was an exec in a tech company who traveled and ate out regularly, all around the world!    This restaurant prepared my meal - the Comal de Mariscos (grillled shrimp, octopus, scallop and abalone) and spiced it perfectly!  I always hesitate to order when a dish includes octopus, as much as I love it...   Most places overcook it and it's tough, but not here - it was tender and perfect!  My wife ordered the garlic red snapper, grilled beautifully.  We were SO impressed that we ordered a second Comal de Mariscos to go - and have been snacking on it (sauteed in scrambled eggs for breakfast) since we returned.  Don't miss this unpretentious, hole-in-the-wall absolute gem in Watsonville.  It will now be a regular stop for us whenever we drive down the coast highway - it's SO worth the 10 minute side trip into Watsonville....can't say enough good things....  I think this may be the first 5 star rating I've given - well deserved!  

                GREAT tasting and AUTHENTIC Mexican Seafood! This gem is tucked away on Main Street in downtown Watsonville. Love their grilled fish tacos WITH home made tortillas! That is a +++++++ Great taste, good atmosphere and the staff is friendly. Highly recommend it :)  

                The Seafood was so fresh and delicious. We somehow wandered into Watsonville last night and decided to Yelp some restaurants after being thoroughly disappointed by the fare in Gilroy.  To my shock several of the restaurants had multiple reviews with 5 Stars. In Watsonville, really?   We decided to give La Perla a try, and I'm so glad we did. The ladies taking the order were very welcoming and friendly, they gave great recommendations and seemed genuinely sorry to inform us that they served the last dozen of oysters. We decided on a pulpo, camarone, and scallop (hook up due to lack of oyster) ceviche salad, then ordered the shrimp and the Garlic Crab.   The Garlic Crab legs were devine. DEVINE  I tell you! Simply made but absolutely bursting with flavor and so very soft and tender. OMG, I have not had such good fresh tasty crab before, and I'm a fan. We had some tall drinks similar to Micheladas but called something else, they were very fresh and light. I'm so glad we wandered upon this place and we'll be so happy to visit again and try those oysters! YUM!  

                We found this place after reading reviews on Yelp. We do not live in Watsonville, so we only had the reviews o go by.  They are spot on, this is a fantastic little find, and like other reviewers, the seafood was fresh and seasoned wonderfully.  We ordered Fish Tacos (one taco is pretty big, and lots of fish fillet inside) Shrimp Ceviche served on a tostada, awesomely flavored with lime and cilantro Chile Rellenos stuffed with cheese and fresh tomatoes Chicken Tacos , although not their specialty of seafood, the chicken was againplentiful and flavorful.  It does not look like much from the outside, but it is a great little restaurant, and 5 stars for the price!  

                Shoddy exterior and poor visibility; the only way you would know this place is there is if someone either recommended it or you stumbled across this restaurant after walking out of Goodwill.   Their interior is crammed. Their décor is virtually nonexistent.  They have random ocean themed décor thrown on the wall i.e. shells, mirrors in the shape of fish, nets, etc.  I am VERY careful when trying seafood places out.  Even though we are near the coast it seems really easy to mess up seafood and do it completely wrong.    However... This food is bomb!   If you like AUTHENTIC Mexican seafood, eat here.  If you like diluted-pseudo-Mexican food, go to Chevys or one of those other chain restaurants.    You will find French fries on your plate and you will find the shrimp cooked in its shell because that's the way it's done in Mexico (hence authentic).  Why, you ask? Probably because the shrimp taste better when cooked in the shell (even if it is messy to eat), the French fry thing is still a mystery to me, just go with it.   Dish: Pulpo a la diabla (VERY SPICEY) was delish.  It was as if I was taking a bite out of a freshly caught octopus! They have handmade tortillas which are pretty large too.   Dish: Agua Chile.  Highly recommend BUT it is not for the faint of heart.  Your mouth will be burning! I mean your mouth will melt off and your muscle and skeletal structure will liquefy and you will be the happiest most satisfied person with a full belly.   The sides were fresh and didn't taste greasy.  Their fries were also fresh and tasty.  The beer was good.    Their servings are large so be prepared to ask for a to-go box.   Their waiter was funny and quick-witted which added to the authenticity and overall good experience.  

                From the street, the place didn't look enticing.  We found this restaurant through Yelp and were pleasantly surprised with the food and friendly service. I had the chili relleno, which was not nearly as good as the plate at El Burro in Campbell. Everyone else had the fajita mixta plate, and raved about their choice. Large portions with a variety of meat and seafood, and with incredibly tasty and fresh homemade tortillas (choice of wheat or corn). Even the rice and beans were noteworthy. Very good food, plus good portions, plus helpful, friendly service equals a great value. Worth a drive from Santa Cruz or Monterey.  We'll be back!  Thanks fellow Yelpers!  

                My boyfriend wanted to take me to a well rated restaurant for dinner and so we decided to go here.  The food we were given was delicious.  I had grilled tilipia fish  with refried beans, rice, french fries, salad, and homemade flour tortillas.  It was so much food that I could not eat it all.  The fish was tender and flavorful.  The only thing that I did not like was that the fish was somewhat blackened.  My boyfriend had seafood soup with squid, clam,  crab and more.    This is a cute small restaurant that is sort of hidden among the long stretch of businesses downtown.  The interior of this place is fun with lots of decorations such as seashell windchimes, mirrors with etched images of dolphins, and brass-like sculptures of fish.  It appears to be a popular place among locals.  This is a true hidden gem!  

                Just like going to Mexico without leaving Cali! Located in old town, historical, and funky. Parking is along the street, no private lot, and you may feel like you are walking into a third world country, but the food is excellent and well prepared. Service was "homey" but quick.  Beer and wine also available.  I had the "Camerones mojo de ajo" or shrimp in garlic butter; superb. The portions are large, meals come with small salad, rice and beans, and a large portion of skinny fries. Along with a Corona, lime, and chips and salsa, an excellent Mexican style seafood meal. The atmosphere is funky, ex-pat Mexican dolly, booths, could be cleaner, but hey, I thought I was in Mexico! Good food!  

                Service was quick and the food was outstanding. This was our first time here and in the town of Watsonville. If you are looking for good home style Mexican food, this is where it is.  

                This place is small but the food here is amazing.  The servers that work here are really friendly and very attentive.   I can't give this place 5 stars because I didn't find this restaurant particularly clean but food is truly excellent.  I only give 5 stars if a restaurant is also clean.    Seeing as seafood is their specialty I decided to get the octopus with diablo sauce (nice and spicy) .  I had no idea but it came with rice, beans, and fries.  This is the first time I've been to a Mexican restaurant that serve fries.   I also ordered a Chevelas.  Surprised to see that it was so huge.  I really couldn't finish it because the food was so delicious that I really wanted to eat all the octopus.   The tortilla that came with our meals was so good.  Didn't taste like the tortillas you buy in the stores.  I'm pretty sure they're homemade.   I'm not normally a refried beans kind of person (prefer black beans) but the refried beans were delicious here.  Usually when you get refried beans it's pretty mushy and smooth but here you actually get whole beans.    My husband ordered the octopus and shrimp in the buttery sauce and was nicely surprised when it come out smelling so strongly of garlic which was amazing.  There were actual clumps of minced garlic all in the dish..    My son ordered the kids beef quesadilla and that was enormous.  It came with beans and rice and he only finished half his meal.  We took the rest home.  Chips and salsa was great also.  The salsa is spicy here which is what I like and lately most Mexican restaurants in the South bay where I live are not spicy which is disappointing.    I'm surprised that there aren't any restaurants in Silicon Valley that come close to the variety, taste and flavors of this restaurant.  Seeing that there are so many Hispanics living in the Silicon Valley you would think we would have better Mexican food but we don't.  Why can't more restaurants make homemade tortillas?  It's day and nice from store bought tortillas.    We will definitely be back when we're in Watsonville.  Probably come back for the Strawberry festival in August and eat here again.  

                I had the Pulpos y Camarones Diablo (octopus and shrimp in spicy sauce). It was hands down one of the best seafood dishes I've ever had, ever. I've never had such tender octopus before - it just melted in my mouth, which is not something I say for octopus a lot. I just came back from a month in Mexico and Peru, and I am happy to say this was as enjoyable an experience as any I could find there (or anywhere for that matter). I went with my friend who is a light eater and I've never seen her eat so much in one sitting in my life. Even the corn tortilla that came with the dish was amazing. Staff was great too. The owner's daughter was our waitress and she gave great dish recommendations.   I'm surprised there's people giving this place one or two stars. If you don't want any part of the sides (beans/rice/fries) with your dish, just ask them to not put it on your plate. As for the freshness, obviously I can't speak for what they had to eat when they gave those bad reviews, but what I had today was amazingly fresh.  My experience today blew me away. I can't wait to come back to this place the next time I visit Santa Cruz. Take a chance with this place - you won't regret it!  

                When I eat Mexican food -which is rarely- I tend to "judge" Mexican restaurants by the mole, and La Perla Del Pacifico just may have the best chicken mole I've ever had...ever. Wedged between a hair salon and a furniture store, this tiny place is a diamond in the rough. Using local produce and freshly caught fish, they offer traditional Mexican seafood in the Jalisco or Nayarit style like Camarones la Diabla, & Comal de Mariscos (their specialty), along with pulpo (octopus) tostados, various kinds of empanadas, rice, beans, fish tacos, seafood cocktails, bottomless chips & salsa, etc., plus the biggest chavelas I've ever seen. The lunch specials at around $6 are a bargain that includes your entree, rice, beans, and hot freshly made tortillas. They have non-seafood items on the menu also.  There's a big TV (tuned to a soccer game) as well as a gigantic corner juke box, that thankfully was out-of-order the day we visited. The husband & wife owners are warm & friendly and patient with us non-Spanish speakers and said they make all the salsa and all the sauces themselves from scratch - I believe it.  Definitely going back for a repeat visit!  

                First.... i have no idea what is going on with all these people who give this place a high rating. IT SUCKS.   I would rather have had taco bell, and i HATE taco bell.  the fish was not sweet and fresh as it should be. I had a "grilled" fish taco which tasted like it was cooked on a dirty flat top and had no flavor other than whatever dish was cooked right before it.   The beans, rice and french fries were greasy and flavorless other than the oil that was used to cook them in..  bottom line... this place gets one star for the great beer and customer service.  

