                My husband and I had lunch today at La Strada.  This was our first visit.    The staff was lovely, they made us feel as if we were old friends, and the food is  delicious from the olive oil dip to the last course, it was YUMMY!  The salad was crisp and cold, all very fresh, the meal was served hot, and the staff was right there with cracked pepper and fresh parmesan cheese.  Everything was exactly as it should be.  The restaurant is adorable, and cozy, we can't wait to go back for dinner.  The price was perfect for what we had, and the wine list is fabulous.    We loved it.    A tip, for the locals,and those who know Highway 29,  the road behind the Napa/Vallejo flea market has ingress to the parking lot, so you may avoid the U-turn or being  stuck on 29.  

                Honestly, I was expecting a bit more as we walked into this restaurant as we had read the previous reviews.  We simply did not enjoy the food. Our plates were either too bland or too salty.   Wine selection was good. Ambience was fine (not so kid-friendly), and our server was polite.  

                I really want to give this place more credit, but the prices are a little steep for the area and location.  I enjoyed the lasagna I ordered, but that is expected for an $18 lasagna!  The house cab I ordered was disappointing.  We sat in the bar area and the bartender provided excellent service.  I may revisit this review after attending happy hour.  I really want to support a nearby local establishment. I'll give La Strada another chance... to be continued...  

                Food is authentic, homemade, delicious. Best Italian. Impeccable service. The servers wear a tie and vest, white tablecloths. Great place to take a date.  

                Our food was delicious & the service was amazing. Jessie made our experience a 5 Star. We will definitely come back thanks to her awesome service.   Thank you sweet Jessie & La Strada Staff. We will see you soon again.  

                Prepare for mouthgasmes. If I get to chose my last meal it just might be the pesto gnocchi from La Stradas. Rediculously good. Seriously good food.  There's a misconception that you have to go all the way to Napa for good food. FALSE. Stop short and go to La Stradas and avoid all the pretentious hoity toity types that plague Napa.  

                My wife and I went to La Strada with our brother and sister in law for Valentines Day.  We had made prior reservations and upon arrival were seated right away.  Our waiter Todd was tops! He was very pleasant and attentive. We started off with cocktails and appetizers.  The Calamari was excellent. For the main course I selected the stuffed pork loin and my wife had veal lasagna. Both were excellent! Although the restaurant was very busy we felt very relaxed and not rushed. This is the 3rd time we have eaten here. Our brother and sister in law are regulars. They know most of the staff. We were briefly visited by the manager who cleared our table and inquired as to how we liked our meals and service. I am sure that he was pleased with our positive response.  As for the price, they are not cheap but the quality of atmosphere, service and the excellent food make this place well worth the $$. My best advice is to come early and don't be in a hurry. You will want to relax and savor all this place has to offer!  

                Good customer service by our waiter Todd. The food took a bit to get to us, but was worth it. I had the fettuccine with prawns and the calamari for an appetizer. Good location, right off the road. Well decorated inside as well.  

                This place gets a negative 1 star....or a burning smelly sulphur comet!! Valentine's dinner date Italian restaurant FAIL!!! Red, white and green balloons.....felt more like cinco de mayo instead of Valentine's day. Went wine tasting in Napa and decided to cap off the evening with a fine Italian dinner.....NOT. Full of old grey haired locals complaining about their turtlenecks and kankles. Menu had only 7 entrees to chose from(which was not disclosed when I made the reservation).....Portions were small and plated randomly. My girlfriend ate 2 bites of the weird looking chicken marsala with a side of carrots and some white pasty substance which appeared to be grits instead of mashed potatos. So yeah she threw up 30 mins later when we got back to our hotel...I'm convinced it was the strange chicken floating in brown juice. Plus I was charged a$15 cork fee...So $75 not well spent!!! Needless to say I will not be returning to this rank wannabe Italian joint. Bye.  

                My wife and I were looking to go out, but as we life in Vallejo, we didn't want to cross the bridge, didn't want to fight the 80 traffic to Fairfield, and didn't feel like going to Napa. Alas, while Vallejo is making some strides on the restaurant side, it's still woefully lacking.   Not as bad as American Canyon, though. That place really needs some life. That said, La Strada is in American Canyon, though it feels like it's in the middle nowhere, and more so at night, when we went.   Anyway, this was our second visit there. The first time we went, I remember enjoying it alot, but don't remember the details. My wife I got the following: bread with olive oil -- this is complementary and is very good. There's the normal french roll and another herbed bread which I enjoyed more. We got the crab stuffed mushrooms with nice gooey cheese on top. There were 5 or 6 big mushrooms in all and it was served with a sauce that tasted alot like a very creamy tomato basil soup. Very good, but also a bit pricey. I'd get it again, but make the same complaint. My wife had the cream of mushroom soup. It was good, but we both thought it was a bit too blended. It would have been nice to have some mushroom chunks. It was also on the bland side just a bit. Could have used more mushroom punch, but again, still good.  I had the risotto with scallops. The risotto itself was just okay, leaning towards good, but nothing special. The scallops, though, were spectacular. Three big scallops and done just right (well, two were perfect, one was just a smidge overdone, but still really good). I also got a side of the sauteed spinach, which I loved and went well with my risotto.    My wife had the fettuccine carciofi with 3 shrimps at $1.50/piece. The shrimps had a nice bite to them and were large and the fettuccine itself was good. Light sauce, which isn't my thing, but she enjoyed.  Service was very prompt and they had Diet Rite Cola, which is always a plus for me. Prices seem about what you'd expect for such a place.   4/5. A nice place to have Italian without having to go to Napa.  

                Had lunch here with a huge party (20+), for a family get-together. I have to say I'm impressed by the execution and organization of the servers in this restaurant - there were only a couple on duty that afternoon and they made sure all of us were doing well, along with the other unlucky patrons that had to share the place with us that day. It looks like there is also a nice space in the back for receptions.   The food was fantastic! The starter foccacia and garlic/olive oil was delicious, and they will refill your basket. I had the Cannelloni Ripieni di Vitiello - Cannelloni stuffed with veal, ricotta cheese and spinach in a pink sauce topped with mozzarella ($16). It was the ultimate comfort food - hot, fresh, cheesy, tomatoey. Their clam chowder was rich and full of clams - I go to chowder cook-offs regularly and this was one of the best New England chowders I've ever had. Seriously good grub.   Though we showed up at 11:30 am, it sort of feels like we were given the dinner menu. Not that I minded, but it's probably the heaviest lunch I've ever had. Ask your server for suggestions if you're looking for a lighter meal (or just go for it like I did).  I would definitely eat here again.  

                Wonderful.  Great food and wonderful service.  

                I drive by this place every day on the way to work; figured I'd try it one day.  Cute little spot in the middle of American canyon, fairfield, and napa. Came on a Friday night at 9pm; the place was only my party of two and a party of six. Pretty empty.  The prices were pretty steep; you're looking at $15-25 per meal. I ordered the cannelloni and my bf ordered the fettuccini w artichoke. The cannelloni was not very good. The meat texture was pretty grainy. The fettuccini was just ok.  We both said we wouldn't come back. One, because the price is too much and the portion isn't even a lot. And two, it's not that good. And three, if we wanted Italian, we'd rather go somewhere like Buca Di Beppo, Johnny Carinos, Olive Garden, or any of the fabulous Italian spots in napa.  Two stars for service and cleanliness. -3 stars for food.  

                Great food, great portions, fresh ingredients, superb service. They will occasionally do brunch buffets which I highly recommend if you get the chance.  

                Canaloni special was amazing. Osobucco was delicious and was enough to feed two. Very reasonable prices and our waitress Angela was so sweet and knowledgeable. Great experience. Another must on our vacation.  

                this is actually a very good old school Italian restaurant.  You wont find anything truly adventuresome here but what they do they do well.  Wait staff was very good and personable  I had the veal piccata which was well prepared.  I sometimes view these old school style having large portions - not the case here.  you certainly get enough but it isn't covering the plate  

                Being a fine dining, good service snob this place just wasn't hitting the mark.  I won't mention our servers name just because he wasn't awful. BUT I will say he was on the younger side and didn't give much personality when necessary.  First, we walked in, no hostess or greeter. A busser saw us from the service station and sat us at a table of our choosing. (That was nice) We waited about 5 minutes before a server came to our table. There was couple at another table, 2 gentleman eating at another and a larger party in the back room. So not too much going on. When we're greeted, the server quickly asks us if we know what we want to drink. No name, no "is this your first time? Well let me tell you about us!" Nothing.. Just straight to drinks. We order a bottle of wine from the list. They no longer carry it and they just haven't taken it off the menu. Ok. So we asked what else he recommended.. he stood there and thought & thought until he came up with the most expensive bottle on the list (which really wasn't a great wine, honestly). He said the calamari was good, so ordered it. It was terrible. Very very salty, too breaded and came with cocktail sauce & tartar sauce.. Weird, we expected marinara.   My guy ordered veal parm and I ordered shrimp scampi. Both entrees were good. No complaints there. He did recommend the Tortuffo (spelling?) and that was Excellent! It wasn't a terrible experience but just disappointing when you're looking to be wowed.  

                The waiters Dave, Todd, Julien, Angie and Dustin rock!!  Great place.  Great service!!  

                Went here for a late lunch and the food was great!  The focaccia bread they start you with us good.  We asked for mimosas and they gave us glasses of orange juice and small bottles of Mumms champagne!  We got the chicken Marsala and it was delicious!!!  Would definitely eat here again.  

                I remember I got Antipasto Italiano(which contained all sorts of antipasto) and Linguine con Gamberetti. Both were pretty good. I always like Prosciutto, and marinated mushrooms. And Linguine con Gamberetti didn't fail me as well. Simple but elegant favors in the dishes, and after cups of wines it's pretty irresistant to me. We came in very late like almost 9pm, but waiter is still patient, no rush at all. Like this place and would definite visit again.  

                Came in on Tuesday night sat at the bar with some friends. The bartender was very fast, and  good at making our drinks. You can tell he knew how to make any drink you asked for. The bartender on Tuesday night was young, very tall, and very good looking so it was a nice change from the older bartender that works on Fridays. The food was good and we were able to eat at the bar. The hostess (old man) didn't say anything to us as we came in and that's why we sat in the the bar.. Would come back just for drinks, food and the bartender. Need a new younger hostess who smiles...,  

                Had my Half Birthday dinner here on Saturday...(yes I celebrate it twice a year).  Since it was Saturday night I thought this place would be packed but to my surprise it was empty.  We showed up around 9 ish...and was seated right away by the hostess.   It was us and 2 or maybe 3 other tables.  The restaurant is huge...  We were seated in the front room but there is another dining area in the back.  They also have a nice size bar to the right of the entryway.  This restaurant should be in Napa somewhere.  The current location is a little off.  It's almost like it's in the middle of nowhere.    Once seated we waited for about a minute or 2 before our server came by.  He was so sweet and attentive.  We ordered some champagne and a glass of white wine to sip on while we look through the menu...  We ordered:  Steamed clams in white wine, garlic:  Goog but the sauce was on the salty side Chicken Lasagna:  Delicious (1st time having chicken lasagna) Chicken Rollatini:  Good...the BF liked it a lot.  Overall... Food was good.  Our server was amazing!  5 stars for service.  Prices are reasonable.  Just wish it was in a better location.  I would def come back here and try out their other dishes.  

                Usually order take out for work and food is always fresh and delicious! Staff is very friendly and love the decor!  

                My Husband and I have returned to this place every time we've been in Napa. The service is good and the food is exceptional. The ambience is so so, but the rest makes up for it. We will return!  

                Very good food. Had the antipasti sampler. Great mix of calamari, bruschetta, and caprese salad. Very good. Chose the cream of mushroom soup over the salad and was a good choice. Maybe a little sherry would give the soup a nice finish. Then went onto the fettuccine with sausage. Very tasty and I liked that the sausage was slices to get some with each bite of pasta. Finally finished with the tiramisu.  Also very good but a little pricey for the size of the serving. All in all an excellent meal and Yelp did not disappoint again. Will eat here again when we are again in the area.  

                I come here for the bread alone, which says a lot because the entrees way exceed the taste of the bread. I sit at the bar and Adrian takes very good care of me and all my guests. Add scallops to any of your pasta dishes, they are to die for!  

                We've been driving by this place for ten years and tonight, we finally made it in for dinner. It was great. It's a classic, old school Italian restaurant. Good ambiance, a retro menu with everything you want when you're hungry for home-style Italian. I had spaghetti and home made meatballs, my wife had chicken Marsala. They were both delicious and the portions were very generous. It's a relaxed place, family-friendly and very local feeling. It has a full bar and being there just felt like a step back in time. Can't wait to go back.  

                This place is old school it feels like you've stepped back in time, the crowd was older and they have a full bar. The food was a four but our waitress (Angela) made the dinning experience a five! She was very helpful and has a great sense of humor! They will also make any of the pasta dishes with a gluten free penne you just have to ask!  

                My son visited me from Boston the day after the terrible earth quake and of course every place in Napa was closed however  La Strada was open. We had a good meal and as a result my son purchased a $50 gift card for me.  I have been  extremely busy lately training for a business until 1AM and  thought it would be nice to have a meal brought in and finally use the card. I don't go out in this area that often. When I called the restaurant the person was very rushed so I called back later and ordered chicken marsala and salad. When I went to pick it up the meal was ready by the desk. The person I believe Jack was his name asked me 3 times how I wanted to pay for it and I told him each time that I had a gift card. I am not sure if they don't like gift cards but if they don't why do they sell them? Or is it that they don't want people to take out??  I waited around for almost  15 minutes while he kept walking around and  I  just  had a very uncomfortable feeling.  It was when he asked me the 3rd time how I wanted to pay for" it"  he pointed to the bar and told me to go and see "that man!!!"  It was  the only  person standing and I went over while he was writing. Without even looking at me the "that man" slided the car over to me and he had simply crossed over the $50 and wrote the remaining balance. I thought I don't ever want to go back here again because I have never been treated this way in a restaurant before.   When I came out to the reception "Jack" gave me the bag and said "here is your food!!!"  Not too classy I'll say!!   And don't give bills in that restaurant?? No bill!!  I am not poorly dressed person by I would say by most people's opinion but the contrary but I might as well have been from the slums. I have never given a restaurant a bad review before but I guess this will make up for it!  I called the restaurant today at 10:45AM and spoke with the manager and told her what happened. I told her I would like my money because I don't ever want to go back here again. She said they couldn't do that and I said I will give a review about what happened. She said she would call back but by 5:45PM I haven't heard a word. I have never ordered food to go except for Chinese but this time I needed to.  I find it almost unbelievable  that La Strada Restaurant  would rather have someone being this unhappy and feel FORCED  to go back  

                Outside looks terrible. EXCELLENT food!, service and decor.  Never judge a book by its cover!  

                Tasty food, excellent service and reasonable prices. Best Italian food I've had since I moved from NJ. Great gnocchi in pesto & outstanding bruschetta. Worth a stop  

                Waiter was nice, the interior was so cute and welcoming! I couldn't stop looking around at the murals and decor. My food was SOOO delicious!! I wish I lived closer so I could eat here all the time. Affordable as well. Will definitely come back whenever I'm in the area!  

                Best service I've had in a while. I wish I could remember my waiters name because he was great. I walked in with shorts and a hooded sweat shirt thinking I was very under dressed and I was treated the same as everyone else. The inside is beautiful and the food was delicious. Desert is amazing, just saying this is a place to take a date for the first time or a love of many years. I could not have been happier at the end of my meal. Not to mention our waiter gave us great advice on places to visit and sites to see around the area. Thank you for making me feel like royalty  

                Had dinner here tonight on recommendation of the hotel staff. So glad I did! The veal piccata was outstanding. Best risotto I've ever had. My server, Ed, was prompt, attentive, and had a lovely sense of humor. Do not pass up the opportunity to dine here.  

                We had a very good experience at this restaurant.   I can't remember the name of my dish, but it was veal stuffed with kalamata olives, mozzarella, and prosciutto, with a mushroom sauce.  It was an amazing dish - I think my husband was envious of what I got.  The veal was tender and the sides were perfect.   Chris got a fettuccine dish which was also very good.  The tiramisu is probably the best I have had.  The ladyfingers were not overpowered with espresso or brandy, and the cream was light and fluffy.  It had the perfect combination of flavor and texture.    I also had the custard with berries, and the custard was surprisingly good.  It was thick, creamy and had a strong vanilla flavor.  Perfect with the blueberries and strawberries.  The waiter we had was very kind and extremely attentive.  

                My husband got the Chicken Parmesan and I got the Chicken Marsala.  Both were OK, but nothing to write home about.  I used an Entertainment Book coupon (buy 1 entree, get 1 free with 2 drinks purchased).  I don't think I'll visit again (due to price vs. quality), even with a coupon.  

                I had the pleasure of dining at this wonderful restaurant twice before. Both experiences were fabulous. Although La Strada is in a rough location near the highway and all by itself, the beautiful Italian decor and soft music makes you feel otherwise. I was served by the same gentleman both times and he was very pleasant. Great personality and perfect pronunciation on the difficult Italian dish names on the menu. I ordered the chicken lasagna and a stuffed chicken. Both dishes were on the smaller side for what i felt like i was paying for but adding the fresh bread and oil dip, i was satisfied. To top it all off, the Tiramasou (spell check) dessert cake was heavenly. I definitely recommend this place for all groups. Dinner with grandma, or lunch with your girlfriends. Also good for parties, they have a back room full of space!  

                The bread and oil here are super good, possibly the best free bread I have had at a restaurant.  Go ahead and fill up on it before your meal and take leftovers home (yes I'm cheap).  Service here was great, and they had no problem letting me choose two different sauces for my gnocchi, which was delicious the first time I had it and the reason I came back a second time.  Unfortunately the second time I came back, the gnocchi was not made nearly as well and a disappointment.  My second time back, we also ordered the seafood/mushroom risotto, which was a special that night.  It honestly wasn't very good.  The rice was a little under cooked and not creamy at all like I would expect from a risotto.  In fact it was kind of watery.  3.5 stars, rounded down because I'm not sure I would come back anytime soon due to the price/quality ratio.  If I do come back it would be for the bread and the hope that I could get gnocchi as good as it was the first time.  

                Never can go wrong with a date with your daughter.  

                Had diner here with 4 family members. Bread and oil dipper was good. I had puttanesca and it was good. All others said food was excellent. Friendly service. Overall a great choice  

