                Roti with curry sauce was by far the best. We could eat the curry over white rice all night!  The sizzling beef (mild was still spicy!) was delicious, with the bell peppers cooked perfectly.  Pineapple rice was beautifully presented in a 1/2 pineapple, but we'd try something different next time.   A bit bummed they were out of fried ice cream and most desserts.   Service was good--water glasses were never less than 1/2 full. Hostess and waitress were welcoming.  

                Gets some excellent reviews on here but not 100% sold it lives up to expectations. There is some good, some okay and some downright boring here.  Beef Rendang - I second the comment on here that I'm not sure why it shows it as being spicy. My 5 year old ate it without batting an eye lid. It is lovely. But definitely not spicy.  Char kway teow - Malaysian pad thai. Enjoyable. Squid was overcooked but the prawns were nice.  Thai Chicken - boring. Dry. There are a raft of chain restaurants nearby (i.e. SmokeEaters) which show you how lovely fried chicken can be. The sauce is like something out of a bottle. Bleurgh.  Coconut rice - meh. Tasted the same as the steamed rice.  3 stars is probably a function of some poor food choices by me. Push the boat out and read the recommendations on here.  

                I think it's a 3.5 but Ir ate it 4 becuase It's not common to find good Malay food around here.  Colorful and flavorful food! I have been living 10 years in Asia and spent some time in Malaysia, lot of times in Singapore where I ate Malay food... This place is nice, even with a bit on the old side decoration (and somehow dirty walls). Roti Canai is light and crispy, the curry sauce that goes with it is delicious. I didn't like the lunch "free soup" because it was terribly over-salted...but...it was still tasty.  So...I ordered a traditional Nasi Lemak and then...I found the authentic taste of what I had in Malaysia. lot of flavor, dry anchovies...perfectly cooked coconut rice. Loved it.  No American Express.  

                I was looking to be impressed.  Unfortunately, only the service was excellent.  The restaurant's decor is similar to that of Hawaiian cafe' ambiance.  The seating is in close proximity.  So one party might inadvertently be dining with another.  Our party of three ordered Satay Tofu for starters.  It was an interesting combination of bean sprouts and slivers of cucumber lodged in the pockets of fried tofu with some peanut sauce.  I enjoyed it.  Our entrees consisted of the following:  Fish Head in clay pot-  This was okay but not real impressive.  It swims in Indian Red Curry Sauce- spicy and sour tamarind.  You would expect a punch in nuances of flavors, but it was just more or less an average curry.  We ordered some chicken dish I can't remember what it was called.  It was just pieces of chicken cut up with a cleaver on a plate- very similar to what you'd find in a Chinese restaurant.  The flavor was good, and the chicken was juicy but nothing to rave about.  The biggest disappointment was the Prawn Mee or Udang Mee.  How do you call it Malaysia's famous noodle soup with chef's special broth and completely F that up?  The worst ramen I've eaten was better than this combo of fat and skinny rice noodles in bland broth.  The egg was present as described.  Look at the photo on their website:  <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.layanglayang.us%2Fimages-ricenoodle%2Fslides%2FNoodle%2520Soup%2520-%252068%2520-%2520Udang%2520Mee.html&s=df911c763b367ee00c3d525ca52f6552ed54dd9569f42b40bc482326bd02d420" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">layanglayang.us/images-r…</a>  I got 3 shrimp, 3 slices of pork and even less spinach.  I don't even remember bean sprouts.  The verdict?  It's a bowl of noodles that looks nothing like the photo or tastes better than a pack of Top Ramen.  I went out of my way to come here.  It probably won't happen again.  They are famous for their Malaysian sub par noodle soup.  

                Highlights - No wait during a weekend evening dinner for 4 and we were immediately seated.  - Tropical decor with floral table cloths, palm trees, spacious, and plenty of seating if you have a larger party that requires a circular table.  - Basil chicken: I didn't really know what to expect since this one didn't have any photos, but I really liked this dish as it came with large pieces of tender chicken, basil, carrots, snow peas, corn, and mushrooms.  - Okra sautéed with garlic: Cooked perfectly with a slight crunch and not too soggy.  - Singapore Mee Hoon: Thin glass noodle with dark sauce and topped with cabbage and bell peppers. This was flavored well and tasted delicious.   Improvements - Layang Layang Combo: Fried tofu, vegetable egg rolls, fish balls, fried dough, and papaya salad. This appetizer wasn't anything special, everything was fried and a-okay at most. Everything tasted better dipped in the sweet and spicy chili sauce that came with this dish.  - Pineapple fried rice: Maybe it was because I sampled the other dishes first and they bursted with flavor so when I ate this it was a bit bland.  - Roti canai: I've tasted better elsewhere, but this one is a good alternative that will satisfy your craving for this appetizer.  - Beef Rendang: I've tasted better elsewhere, skip this one here.   Tips - Plenty of parking in the parking lot plaza.  - No wait, unless you have a large group.  

                Layang Layang is one of the Cupertino favorites for some good south east Asian food. I used to live in Singapore so it's nice seeing some of these long lost dishes that I used to eat. I finally tried this restaurant after many years of living in the area...it was long overdue. I'd say my first experience there was A-OK, hence the three stars. We tried the Mee- Goreng, Pineapple fried rice, and Pearl Mee noodles.   1)The mee-goreng was delicious--it's one of my favorite SE Asian dishes. This one was very flavorful but a bit too oily. You could see the oil it left behind on your plate after you finished, so that was a bummer. But I'd still recommend this dish. Definitely worth trying at least once and make sure you squeeze lemon juice over it before digging in.  2)The pineapple fried rice came in a cored pineapple; love when they present it like that. However, the taste was a bit off...I couldn't quite put my finger on it. It didn't have that usual sweet/sour tangy flavor. I'd skip this one if I were you.  3) And finally, the Pearl Mee noodles were kind of flavorless and bland. I hate that they are described as 'mouse tail' noodles on their menu. They do look like mouse tails and it's the last thing you want to think about when you're trying to eat.  I also had an issue with the "Vegetarian" section of their menu. Some of the dishes under that section still listed fish under the descriptions. Fish is not vegetarian last time I checked. I'm not sure why it says that "Vegetarians go nuts for this spot" under the Yelp page. Their menu didn't seem too vegetarian friendly since a lot of things were made with shrimp paste too. Just make sure you specify your needs if you are a strict vegetarian.  Service was alright--we had one nice server and one server who was kind of rude...so I guess that balances out to just alright service. However, our food did come out pretty quickly after we ordered, so that was a plus.   I think I'll be back to try the infamous roti canai (another one of my favorites and also the main reason why I think this place has 4 stars) and maybe some other dishes that other Yelpers have raved about before making my final assessment.  

                Looks run down from the outside because of the building and retrofitted parking lot, but it's actually pretty nice inside. Service is great here! Never had to ask for a water refill once, got checked up on just the right amount, waiter was really attentive. Now onto the food..  Roti Canai: Indian bread with curry sauce. It's prepared very well and you can tell by the texture of the bread! It's balanced very well with a humble amount of the curry sauce, which was also prepared well. Great appetizer to start with. 1 serving is a good amount of 2 people.  Beef Rendang: I don't know why theres a chili pepper icon next to this item, it's not really spicy! This is coming from someone who can't handle too much spice. The beef was very tender and moist  Hainan Chicken: Not that good, chicken itself was a bit overdone and too rough. The ginger sauce that went with it good have been stronger.   Chicken rice: A more flavorful alternative to white rice.   Overall a solid place to eat, but pretty expensive for what you get. 35 bucks for the items above and was barely enough to feed 2 guys. That, along with the non-impressive hainan chicken gets this place an ok 3 stars.  

                Went here for the first time with my cousins and his family. Ordered too many stuff that I don't remember but good enough for me to come back again. Came back for the second time with my family and we ordered the sizzling beef, ikan bakar, and sarang seafood.  The ikan bakar was okay, very interesting since it was served in banana lead which I thought was pretty neat. The grilled bass in the ikan is soft. Doesn't taste fishy at all but I wasn't a fan of the sauce on top of it.  The sarang seafood (fried taro nest with shrimp, scallop, squid, corn snow peas, black mushroom, and cashew nuts) was something I enjoyed. My parents loved the fried taro nest. If you love seafood, definitely a must!  My favorite is the roti canai!! It's an appetizer but I could honestly just eat that for dinner. Roti canai is a flatbread that you eat dipped in the Malaysian curry! IT'S SERIOUSLY HITS THE SPOT!!  

                At some point I should probably write a stock introduction for my Yelp reviews about Singaporean restaurants. One, Singaporean (Malay as a substitute) food is hard to make in the US, due to the complexity and unavailability of spices. Two, I'm half-Singaporean. Three, I love Singaporean food with the fire of a thousand suns. Four, because of all this, I grade on a curve. This introduction will now also run in front of my Mango Garden review.  I went to Layang Layang twice over the summer, ordering three different dishes.  Wonton Mee - This was the reason I went in the first place, as of the four Singaporean restaurants I found in South Bay, Layang Layang was the only one that served my favorite dish. Wonton mee is extraordinarily ordinary, especially in comparison to other spicy, savory Singaporean dishes. But I love it all the same. It's my hocker center go-to. Unfortunately, Layang Layang's was disappointing. The soy sauce was rather tasteless and the egg noodles were too stringy and not chewy enough.  Roti Canai - Solid, though this is also a dish that's hard to screw up. The roti was well-textured, and the corresponding curry was tasty.  Prawn Mee - This was my round two dish. Noodles and soup work in concert for Asian noodle soup dishes, but in prawn mee, I place emphasis on the broth, since the noodles are thin, vermicelli-sized noodles (not unlike pho). Despite looking the part, Layang Layang's broth turned out to pack little punch.   Flavor is a huge part of Singaporean cuisine, and I felt like Layang Layang's dishes just didn't quite shot put that aspect far enough.  

                5 years have passed since my last review of this place. Since then, I've moved to Southern California and every time I come back to visit Cupertino, I STILL ALWAYS EAT Layang Layang! I seriously crave Roti Canai every day....I am suffering living in Irvine without it. I've searched for other Malaysian restaurants, but they just don't make it as good.  I just went to Layang Layang over the weekend and found myself ordering the exact same stuff: Roti Canai, Princess Tofu, Satay Chicken, and Coconut Rice. Ugh Drool. To make my experience even better, the server recognized my parents and saw that I was visiting. She knew we always order Roti Canai so she sent one over to our table before we even ordered. She also sent us dessert on the house :).   PS. One time I wanted to be adventurous, I tried ordering something different. I got the chicken curry or something? I also tried the sizzling beef. Mehh.....I have to stay, I'm gonna stick with the main dishes that I know I love here from now on.  

                My mother said she wanted some malaysian food. and when the mother wants something, we listen haha.   But my friends, we did not regret our trip. It was wonderful.   We had the roti that had egg and onions folded into it with curry dipping sauce. Wonderful.   The Laksa... I honestly thought it was too salty with too much shrimp paste, but it was a rainy day, and the bowl of hot soup won me over even if it was a little salty.   What all three of us (my father, mother and I) could agree on though... was that the "mouse tail" noodles were our favorite. Uniquely shaped noodles that really look like mousetails, stir fried with bean sprouts, shrimp, chicken and other things... wonderful! this one hit the spot!  Love Malaysian food and its mixture of asian cultures... and this place does it well!  Oh. but they dont' turn on the heat here. haha. It was a little chilly. Just a warning.  

                I would give this place 4 or eve 5 stars if not for their snotty servers.  We are regulars in this place, and we always order to go for our company Saturday lunches. One time, they messed up our order by putting 2 of the same order in one container. We didn't know that they did that so we called to ask what happened. No one picked up, so we drove back to the restaurant thinking it might be better to just ask for it in person.When we got there, the girl in the front gave us the worst attitude explaining that they put together and how we should have checked thoroughly. Isn't it their job at least to tell us that they did such thing? I don't think there would be any hassle if they did. From then on, we hesitate to order from Layang Layang.   In terms of food, you should get the Rendang Beef with Hainan rice, its an awesome combo. I've heard good things about the coconut rice, but never really tried it. I pretty much order the same stuff every time. That's how good I think it is.  I would recommend this place, but try not to go there on busy hours to avoid the bad service.  

                This review is about 3.5   We came here around 1 on a Friday and it was super busy. The restaurant is pretty small so you might have to wait for a bit. The service was efficient and quick even though the place was packed.  Roti Canai - Yum. we got 2 orders of this Hainan Chicken- lots of chicken, good value, but not the best hainan chicken  Mousetail noodles - very yummy, we enjoyed these for sure Balachan Eggplant - we wanted to get the hollow heart veggies but those werent' in season. the eggplant was fine but a bit dry. i wish it was in more of a sauce Coconut Shrimp - These were good and the shrimp were large Coconut Rice - very fragrant, could definitely taste the coconut milk Hainan Chicken Rice - you have to order the rice separately because it doesn't come with the chicken which is kind of lame. the rice was decent.  We ordered a coconut milk, sweet potato dessert which I liked, but I enjoy sweet soups in general so I am a sucker for things like this. We also had the peanut pancake which came with ice cream. It was tasty and not overly sweet. I wasn't blown away by it though.  

                Food was meh. I got the Prawn Mee which is basically egg noodle+vermicelli noodle+chicken+shrimp+green veggies+half an egg+ and spicy water with a hint of either chicken or fish broth. I was honestly disappointed.  I tried a bite of my friend's #93 which tasted like a slightly burnt chow fun (it was actually pretty good).  Also shared a Roti Canai which is basically a crispy, flaky but doughy piece of something that tastes pretty good but is even better dipped in the yellow curry dip they provide on the side.  The place itself looks quaint and is dimly lit, providing a home-like environment.  

                We took grandpappy here, who usually eats only simple porridge every meal. Being cantonese, he's very vigilant of eating things which are "heaty". Dang if that roti didn't turn him around. Heaty went right out the window. Simple grunts of approval between swallows.   The princess tofu and the sarang seafood with the taro nest. Also little talking, just eating. He did take a break to feed his granddaughter some of the tofu and the taro. She grunted too, but she can't do much else anyways. Pineapple fried rice filled the mouth too. He only talked when he was done. Uttered would be more like it. He said really liked it.  Fried ice cream for dessert. Baby liked the bananas. Grandpappy ate both the banana and the ice cream. We left happy. Service was good and we got there early on a weekday and enjoyed the typical lack of hustle and bustle.   Grandpappy went back to china but we'll be back.  

                We got here at 5:45pm on a Sunday and scored the last table. When we left by 6:45 there was a pretty good amount of people waiting. Our server was pretty nice.  What we swallowed:  BEEF RENDANG: Chunky bits of meat in a thick sauce. The sauce was very tasty and the beef was very tender. A very good dish. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/layang-layang-san-jose?select=18aZMhJSYVMJDs3be8gfMg#18aZMhJSYVMJDs3be8gfMg">yelp.com/biz_photos/laya…</a>  GARLIC GREEN BEANS: Nice and crisp beans with a tasty garlic flavor without being overbearing.  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/layang-layang-san-jose?select=18aZMhJSYVMJDs3be8gfMg#tuueGfatIO_EI925csBKxg">yelp.com/biz_photos/laya…</a>  MANGO CHICKEN: Nice, crisp pieces of slivered peppers and mango but the sauce tasted like bottles sweet and sour with fish sauce added to it. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/layang-layang-san-jose?select=18aZMhJSYVMJDs3be8gfMg#DiYkIkV2vWtZl1ViKto8gQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/laya…</a>  COCONUT RICE: We ordered this because they did not have any brown rice. Why was this so addicting? The coconut flavors were very mild as to not take away from the dish but it gave the rice just that oomph to make it addicting.  PEANUT PANCAKE WITH ICE CREAM: This was a very addicting dessert: a flaky pancake topped with chopped peanuts mixed with sweet goodness and topped with ice cream. Much better then our go-to fried ice cream and banana. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/layang-layang-san-jose?select=18aZMhJSYVMJDs3be8gfMg#96_nU7I7YBZSZirECigo3g">yelp.com/biz_photos/laya…</a>  Glad we were able to try this place since it's pretty darn tasty!  

                First timer here, so we referred to yelp to try the most popular dishes here. We ordered: Princess Tofu---- pieces of deep fried tofu on a bed of stir fried seafood with sauce. Quite good and one of the best out of the three we ordered.  Sarong seafood--- the fried taro nest and seafood stir fry with sauce. Taro wasn't as crunchy as I imagined, good but found myself eating the Princess Tofu instead.  Note/ Tip: these two dishes taste very similar in sauce flavor and seafood, you may not need to order both, just one or the other.   Roti canai---flaky pastry with curry dipping sauce was delicious. The curry had a nice kick of spices and heat.   White rice-had a off taste and scent, maybe old grains or few days old flavor, did not eat my rice  Complimentary soup- tasted like a spicy Tom yum--sour and delicious yes yes yes!  Service: friendly and attentive, waiter was a young gentlemen and he was very respectful and gentle.   Parking: very tiny lot behind restaurant, maybe only fit less than 10 cars on a good day, good luck when it gets busy!   Overall, good restaurant, but it doesn't suit my flavor preferences. However, Still worth trying if you are in the neighborhood, you may like it.  

                My Malaysian friends really like this place.The Sarang seafood is out of this world good! First off, it's served in a beautiful and tasty taro nest (nice and crispy, but also a bit chewy and dense - not the least bit oily). Plenty of seafood and veggies with a wonderful garlicky sauce - so good that I nearly licked my plate.   Sadly, the other dishes we tried were just okay: seafood curry mee (great broth, but the ingredients inside were too bland, and there was almost no seafood in it), chow kueh teow (egg noodle dish that was again flavorless with almost no seafood), and the roti canai (awesome dipping sauce, but the roti itself was way too crispy and crumbled into small bits before you could properly tear any off to eat).   I was pleased with our dessert though: pulut hitam (sweet black rice in a thick coconut milk sauce, almost like a rice porridge), not too sweet and plenty of coconut flavor.  

                I've only been here once, and I've been eagerly waiting for a chance to go again! Malaysian food was really great here!  Now I haven't had a whole lot of Malaysian food before, so it was a little bit of a surprise when we decided to try this place out. One of my friends who loves to write reviews here on Yelp recommended this place to my wife and me about 8-9 months ago, and we finally decided to go a few weeks ago... And I am so mad at myself for waiting this long to go!!! So here's what we ordered and what we recommend (we actually based our entire order off of the waitress' suggestions):   1. First of all, get the Roti Canai ($2.95) for the appetizer (5/5) - this is an "Indian pancake" served with a curry dipping sauce. The sauce was amazing, and the roti was really fluffy. Just how we like it!  2. For the main course, we got the Kari Chicken Potato (4/5), which was more of like a chicken curry stew. The curry sauce in it was great, but there wasn't a whole lot of chicken in it, which is my only minor complaint. We were going to get the Hainan Chicken, but they were out of it, so we went with this dish instead.  3. We also ordered the Beef Rendang (5/5), which was terrific. The beef chunks were very tender, and the spices weren't overpowering. Highly recommend this dish.   4. The seafood dish we got was the Singapore Chili Prawn (3/5). This was the one dish we weren't too thrilled about. It was in a dark chili paste, and there wasn't a whole lot of shrimp in there. Probably won't order this again next time.  5. Lastly, we got one of the best vegetable dishes I have ever tried - the KangKung Belacan (5/5). A lot of Asians love KangKung - Filipinos love to eat this as well. The vegetables are sautéed in a great spicy shrimp paste sauce. Would come back to Layang Layang just for this dish alone!  Anyway, really enjoyed this place. We went with 4 total people on a Saturday night around 7:00pm and it was about a 30-40 minute wait, which wasn't bad, but I heard the wait can get pretty gnarly here too. Smaller restaurant, so plan accordingly. Anyway, we will be back for sure. Want to try some of the other dishes next time too!!  

                It's super delicious! Some dishes are kind of bland while others are TOO flavorful/saucy. The roti is delicious! This place looks super janky on the outside, but it's pretty done up inside. They are NOT OPEN everyday, so be sure to look up times before you head over. :( Otherwise... you drive there for nothing... Not saying I know from experience... T-T The fried Ice cream was super yummy too. No one in my group liked the warm banana part.... including myself, but I basically ate all the bananas. I'm starting to kind of like it :P  

                I can't count the number of times I have dined here. Wide selection of food with exotic ingredients such as mango and papaya. Amazing Roti Canai - love the sauce.  

                Excellent my favorite Malaysian place. Red curry roti prata and cendol drink  Other than the waiters staring you to get done and their no nonsense ordering process the food is excellent  

                I was so super hungry after 5 hours of hiking ;) . I searched for the nearest restaurant around this area and found this Malaysian's restaurant with 4 stars review.  Seriously the outlooks of the restaurant isn't attractive at all but I really don't care , just want to fill up my stomach immediately;) I walked inside and wow .. they're packed of people ..isn't it a good sight ? The waitress in traditional costume is nice , she say hello and show me the table. Smelling of the food already give me good feeling that it'll be good food here. Decorating, tables and even menu are colorful as same as the waitress's costume ;) We ordered Prawn Mee ( Noodles soup ) and Chow Kued Teow ( Fried noodles ). Surprisingly, the food came out really fast and awesome ;). The only thing that they are not spicy enough for me ;). I'll definitely be back again to try some other foods here. I highly recommend that you should come here and try out . There is not much parking in the back side , you can park on the other side and walk over ;) That's the only reason why I give 4 stars ;)  

                Roti Canal was good. The curry was great with it.  Poh Piah was so so..   Mouse Tail noodle was good.   Will be back for more. Service was really good. Constantly have someone refilling water and our waiter was good.  Random spot though. Entrance is kind of weird but eh.  

                Maybe because I haven't had real Asian food (compared to what's in SD) or maybe it's because I haven't had Malaysian food before, but I left super food and satisfied!  Never heard of this place, my vegan friend raved about it because they had a good vegan option, and my other friend loved this place too. We were in the area and we decided to eat this over Vietnamese. Malaysian food is like a mix of Thai and Chinese food-or so I thought.  We started off with the Roti cani, and I loved it! It tasted good w/o the curry dipping sauce, and tasted fine with the curry dipping sauce. It had a slight sweetness to it, I like the flavor w/o dipping it and the fluffiness of it. Then we got 3 dishes to share: the sizzling beef, princess tofu, and veggies in a fried taro tofu.   The sizzling beef: came with big chunks of beef, some bell peppers smothered in a dark brown sauce. It was really good, I felt like it had the right flavors, at least for us it wasn't too salty and tasted excellent when you take some sauce and put it all over your rice The Princess tofu: it's not vegan unless you ask, it will come with shrimp and squid with sauteed veggies and of course the tofu. It tasted like the chinese dish but with more of a brown sauce. The veggies in a fried taro tofu: this was for the vegan, she loved it. I tasted the taro fried tofu-unique, very different, but I'm just not a tofu person  Ask for some hot sauce, they have this one hot sauce that will blow your mind away, it was soo spicy and good! Service was good, our waters were never half full! I definitely will try Malaysian food again!  

                It was our first time eating at a Malaysian restaurant. We were driving down from Tahoe and this place was conveniently located a mile off of 237 and opened on New Year's.  We were greeted immediately by a server. He was really nice and attentive throughout our meal. The menu had a wide variety of meat and vegetable entrées, appetizers, and noodle dishes. I got the mi goreng and my boyfriend got something that was some stir fried noodle. Everything was tasty, including the coffee. It's a great place to go if you want to try something that's not typical Vietnamese/Chinese/Thai flavors. I'm a big noodle dish fan so I'll be coming back to try the other dishes. Price wasn't bad.  

                This place is supposed to close at 9:30 pm. When we arrived there at 9:05 pm, we were told that because it had not busy, it was already closed for the day. Since when has business hour become a random variable?!  

                OCCASION: My friend took me to dinner here because he was craving Malaysian food. He drove us from South San Jose using the 87 to get to Layang Layang, which is about 14 miles. What an awesome bro.   ENVIRONMENT: It is located in a very ghetto area but don't let the area around this restaurant fool you! It is a hole in the wall restaurant. The interior is a typical Asian restaurant with the Buddha and the ugly tables, but otherwise has the typical Asian plants and decorations. There is limited parking around this ghetto area. Make sure to come at a time when nobody would come (Don't come during lunch hour or dinner hour)  FOOD: We ordered the Pineapple fried rice, Roti Canai, and one more dish but I totally forgot what it was. My favorite were the Pineapple fried rice and Roti Canai. My friend let me eat most of it :)   PRICE: Obviously is more expensive because of the two dollar signs on Yelp. It is totally worth the price though. The dishes were delicious and visually pleasing.   CUSTOMER SERVICE: Customer service was on point! The lady who took our order and bought us our food was very friendly. The food came in about 10 minutes and each dish came one at a time.   OVERALL: The restaurant is located in a ghetto/sketchy area and has limited parking. Awesome food and awesome customer service. Only thing that I don't like about Layang Layang is the prices because I am a broke college student :(  

                get the taro basket filled with veggies and meat...enought said. The wait is long but its worth it. and if you love taro like i do, you will gobble that shell up!  

                Being a big fan of Malaysian and Singaporean food, I am always on the quest to try every Singaporean and Malaysian restaurant in the Bay Area.  Layang Layang made it onto my to-go hit list because of their stellar reviews on yelp.  However, as much as I wanted it to be good, the dishes were nothing to shout about.  Hence, it has become my least favorite Malaysian place so far.  Our group of 5 ordered and shared:  1. Murtabak: it was a minced beef murtabak, wrapped in parchment of roti canai and served with curry.  This was probably one of the best dishes we got that night (beside the princess tofu); it was not soggy and drenched with oil, tasted crispy and savory.  2. Hainan Chicken Rice: very disappointed with this dish; the chicken was so tough and dry that the only saving grace was their chili garlic condiments, which actually tasted authentic.  Oh fyi, their Hainan chicken rice are ordered separately for an additional $1.50.  3. Rujak: Malaysian fruit salad?  This dish tasted tangy, sweet, sour and spicy.  Not my kind of food, but definitely had a nice kick to it.  4. Char Kway Teow: tasted pretty standard for CKT.  I've had it at other Sg/Malaysian restaurants in the B.A; it was not bad but not outstanding either.  5. Pineapple fried rice: avoid!!  Presentation was beautiful with fried rice stuffed inside a pineapple shell, but taste-wise it was weird.  I couldn''t pinpoint as to exactly what it was, but honestly, it tasted almost medicine-y, lol.  6. Princess tofu: loved the tofu!!  it was soft, silky and combined with the seafood gravy plated on the bottom of the plate, it tasted delicious!!  Overall, from the food standpoint, it was just okay.  Service-wise it could be better as it took a long time for the waitresses to accommodate our request.  However, I loved the decor they put up to make the place look more authentic and appreciated that the waitresses wore something like the Singapore Airline's stewardess uniform...thought it was pretty cool :)  

                Another great find by my wife!  So stand outs here were service and food. We revived great recommendations from our server. She asked us about general spice levels and recommended tasty dishes  that were more authentic Malaysian. Water refills were on point tonight- my glass never got half full. Very good, especially for a Holbein the wall.  The food was insane! We started with a roti with a curry sauce. Great flavor and the chewiness of the roti was wonderful. At a few parts the roti got too crisp for our tastes, but I'm sure some people would disagree. We go a fried noodle that was divine. What made it so good was the spicy sauce they sent with it. Next we had a chicken curry- very good on either of the flavored rice. The chicken pieces were on the bone, giving them great flavor and very moist. Lastly we had the princess tofu in clay pot. It was very good and super fresh. The tofu was covered in a lite egg sauce which was great. Special side not on the clay pot, very unique flavor but it was muted compared to the other dishes, keep that in mind to avoid disappointment.  All in all a pleasant dinner  

                Was a favorite. Wasn't treated very well today. Service felt rushed (cleared my plate when I had barely finished, brought the check too soon). Food was "OK" - but not OMG amazing like I remembered. Was asked if I had cash when I presented a card for an $8.65 bill ("we have a minimum!"). To be fair, they DID take my card for less than the minimum (whatever it was, it certainly wasn't prominently posted). Don't think I'll be back.  

                Serving size is large and filling. Food is ok. Nothing healthy or delicious. Paratha is store bought frozen Parathas so that didn't impress me. I am not going there again  

                I like their mock chicken with mango. Some of the dishes are too peppery/spicy. The sizzling vegetables in particular - I thought it was going to burst into fire (lots of sizzling and smoke). I'd also skip the tempura ice cream - too breaded.  

                I have frequented the Layang Layang in Milpitas with much gusto, especially since 2 of my former Singaporean/Malayasian coworkers thought so highly of the place as a good representation of authentic Singaporean/Malay food.  The place is really small with limited parking. I think I saw a lot of people parking illegally in the lot across the street, or just parking the street itself.  We came on a Sunday at 5PM (which it opens - I think the times are incorrect on the Yelp site) and were the first ones here. Good thing we came when it opened because within 30 minutes, the place was PACKED. On a Sunday!  We ordered the Roti Canai, Princess Tofu, Singapore Chili Prawns and the Sizzling Beef - all of them were stellar. My dad, who is a picky eater, really loved the princess tofu, which had a really soft steamed egg-consistency. The table next to us had also ordered the roti and the tofu as well, so it looks like those are standard dishes to order.   Even though some of the food is listed as spicy, it's not very spicy at all - just a hint of peppery-ness for most of the dishes, but nothing overwhelming. Personally, I am totally fine with it, but don't expect Thai-food-flaming-hotness spiciness level.  My husband ordered a Malaysian iced tea on top of it all. We learned that the difference between Malaysian iced tea and Thai iced tea is that they used condensed milk in the Malay version.   The one super bummer about this place is that the Cupertino location doesn't serve coffee ribs. BOO! I was looking forward to them when I came to the restaurant (with a Groupon - I'm shameless...) but they told me that it was only offered at the Milpitas location. Why oh why? Coffee ribs are definitely one of the cornerstone for Singaporean street dining so it's a big disappointment that they didn't have it here.  

                Came here on a recommendation from my friend. Really good! Although some of the food might have been altered to fit certain local tastes (such as the Kang Kong being not spicy enough), the food was still good!  Had the cereal prawns, hainanese chicken, kang kong, spicy sotong (squid) and fried clay pot toufu. Also, you can ask for either coconut rice or hainanese rice (rice cooked with oil and Pandan) instead of normal white rice.  I recommend this place for people who want to have their Asian food fix! (:  

                Came with friends who knew the menu well, but was still glad there were pictures to help me figure out what I might like.  We shared our meal family style for which I was very grateful, I got to try everything that was ordered and it was all spectacular!  -I ordered the Mango Shrimp which was served in a sweet and sour sauce inside the cored out mango halves, very beautiful presentation!  Can't say I've ever had mango served as a savory dish (other than mango salsa) and it added pleasant sweetness and crunch.  -Husband ordered the sizzling beef and asked the kitchen to make it as mild as possible (it was noted with a chili pepper on the menu).  It was everything he hoped for, flavorful and spicy without being hot.  The black pepper sauce was delicious!  -Shredded green papaya salad was a nice side dish to share.  The sweet and hot dressing was refreshing with the very thinly shredded papaya.  Again, a first for me so I have no other papaya salad to measure this against, but I found it a wonderful treat.  -Mouse Tail noodle was a surprise.  Yes, the little lengths of noodle actually look like mouse tails!  Too funny!  The brown sauce was flavorful and this dish was served with bean sprouts and chicken.    -The seafood stirfry was served in a baked taro bowl, that was probably the oddest thing for me.  The bowl was crispy and light but once you broke a piece off it was more like a mashed potato consistency, strange but good.  Squid, shrimp and other seafood served with all sorts of small pieces of veggie, including those little baby corn cobs I get a kick out of.  Too bad I was too full for dessert as the pictures showed all sorts of little masterpieces and flavors that interested me.... I guess I have something new to look forward to next time!  Our glasses never dry and each time our server appeared it was with an eager desire to make our experience top notch.  

                I've had Malaysian food before in Boston, and I wasn't impressed by Layang Layang.   This place looks pretty run-down from outside. Inside is cleaner than you'd expect but it isn't exactly the place you would go to and think you want to use the bathroom there. Service was pretty nice though, and the waiter was very attentive in making sure we were satisfied with everything. On food:   - Murtabak: Think stuffed roti. First time trying and I actually prefer Roti Prata. The stuffing kind of takes away the flaky buttery feel of Roti. This actually comes with curry sauce, so don't order a side of sauce (like we did)!  - Chow Keuh Teow: Fried noodles with seafood. The noodles were cooked well and the seasoning was good, savory in the right way. However, 95% of the dish was noodles and been sprouts, and the remaining was seafood. The grand count was: 3 shrimps and 3 pieces of squid. Yes, you get what you pay for but I'd rather that they charge me a few dollars more and give me more seafood! It just felt like a carb-fest with a side of fat. - Beef Rendang: The seasoning is nice, and the beef is cooked to achieve that nice texture. But you can tell that the quality of meat isn't good. But then, you get what you pay for.   - Fried ice cream: A big big big disappointment. There are not many places that serve fried ice cream so I was excited to order it here. No no no no. An inch thick batter, which was not even fried fully -- if you watch MasterChef, you know how Gordon Ramsay would use knife to scrape uncooked batter? Yeah, you can do that with this dish -- and separated from ice cream as soon as we cut into the ball. The only redeeming part of the dish was fried bananas. Do not get this here!   There aren't many Malaysian places in the area, and this is definitely a decent place. I'd come here if I crave Malaysian food but I would never introduce this place as a "great Malaysian restaurant."  

                I like this place a lot more than the layang layang in milpitas. The food is better, the ambience feels more authentic, and the service is better. The only thing is, it's a small place, but I don't mind that so much; never had to wait for a table.   I've tried:  the sizzling beef: tasty, more beef than the milpitas location, and better than the one at banana leaf.   Princess tofu: good amount of vegetables, tofu tastes fresh and light flavor sauce.   Pearl mouse tail noodle: soooo good. Full of flavor and good amount of noodles, bean sprouts, and chicken.   Roti: always a hit, love the flavor of the curry. If you eat it as often and at as many different places as I do, you know how important the curry can be.   There were others but can't remember now, will update when I do.   The service was pretty good, we came in 30 min before closing and they were still nice and polite and did not rush us like most places would.   Lastly, the price is reasonable for the amount of food received. Highly recommend!  

                Very yummy place for dinner. Not too expensive and everything tastes really good. Pineapple fried rice comes in a pineapple and roti Canai is a good appetizer.  

