                mmmmm legit. I am obsessed with spanish tapas. nom. Street parking is tough to find and it can be a bit shady in the perpendicular streets so just make sure to lock up. So I read that there is bar sweating and a communal table. I assumed that you can just walk in and sit there and order food. Correction. You can sit at the bar without reservation and just snag some seats. The communal table is like any other table and you need to put your name down for that. It is just that you will be sharing the table with others. Luckily I was able to grab the last two seats and it was still popping at 9pm. My recommendation is to make reservations regardless because it will be packed. It is actually really nice inside and you will see a lot of dates going on downstairs. Upstairs is for parties I believe. I would totally come here for my birthday just cuz the vibe is cool.  The two of us were pigs and ordered a good amount of dishes. The portions are small so I think two people is a good amount since it can easily be split with two. Three would be pushing it and four is meh. Pricing is pretty reasonable since it is like you are ordering a bunch of appetizers. It ended up being $30 a person which isnt that bad for a nice experience and yummy food.   1) Chicken empanadas- Buttery goodness that comes with two. I would get this if I was feeling it again. Def worth a try. 2) Ceviche Mixto- This is a mix of seafood like squid, shrimp and other slices of fish. Def recommend this because it tasted so fresh and clean. 3) Bone marrow- I used to eat some pork bone marrow back in the day in my mom's soup. This was nostalgic and you are supposed to spread it on some slices of crispy bread. Quite classy. I dont think I would ever crave this but if you are into it, order it.  4) Churros- These were pretty damn good. I dont usually eat churros but I was feeling it. The chocolate dip is wayyy too sweet and I preferred the caramel one. However, I wouldnt have ordered this knowing how delicious the milk and cookies were. 5) MILK AND COOKIES!!- omg this was soooo good. This literally made it a 5 star restaurant. It isnt even milk but more of a ice cream milk shake. One order of milk and cookies comes with three cookies and two of those shots of milk. I was going to order 2 because I didnt know how many it came with. That would have been bad...anyway the cookies are sooo good. You know those soft sugar cookies with pink frosting and sprinkles. The cookie part is like that and the insides are some dulce sweet something filling. soooo good. Must order. I thought this dish is so unique because I dont see many spanish argentinian tapa places especially with milk and cookies. I see churros but not this good stuff. nom.  
