                This place has the BEST tacos, especially if you get al pastor or the lengua (which is my usual go to). The prices are reasonable, the tacos are super tasty, and the service is fast and friendly.   My boyfriend normally gets their burritos and he loves them. I think the meat is super flavorful and I always ending up sneaking a bite of his burrito. Definitely would recommend, for the service AND the food.  

                I had the taco plate with 3 tacos.  The Carne Asada was not grilled enough so the meat lacked the caramelization but it was still tasty.  The Al Pastor had much more flavor.  I would recommend that over the Carne Asada.  The rice was a bit mushy but tasted good.  It didn't have too strong of a tomato flavor like some places.  I liked that the beans were refried and left not whole.  It was average tasting.  The horchata was horrible. Tasted like the kind you find in a gallon jug at Safeway.  It was sweet and had cinnamon but it tasted like all artificial ingredients.  It was served without ice but I understand this is often how it is served.  I recommend skipping the horchata.  I saw someone order a plate that came with a whole deep fried fish.  It looked good.  This place gets crazy busy at lunch time but the line seems to go pretty fast.  Most people take out, possibly because the tables get taken.  This is a working class people type of restaurant so don't expect anything fancy.  For the price and taste, I would go back.  

                Decent spot. Lots of great variety from burritos, to breakfast, to menudo, tortas, tacos, etc. I'm sure you'll find something you like. Wife and I had carne tostada and the super (not the super one, as apparently that is small, but the one above it #25) with al pastor. Service is QUICK here, both orders up in less than 5 mins.  Tostada was decent, but the carne asada is just so-so and not too flavorful. The Quesadilla was huge as expected, but 2 things, the al pastor was more burned to a crisp than delicious, and the sour cream added way too much coolness to the meal that my quesadilla was almost cold.   Overall, so-so. Still prefer El Charro and Santa Fe.  

                After a hike in the hills, we were starving and seared nearby for Mexican food. This place seemed highly rated so we came by. It's located in a strip mall so there was some parking. The place was about three quarters full. Busy so that was a good sign. We waited in line to order. Then they'll give you a receipt with a number but somehow the food arrived at our table when you dine in. I'm sure the number is more for takeout. They have a million options and half their wall is covered with pictures. I was too hungry to think so I ended up getting 3 tacos. I got al pastor, carnitas and lengua. I wanted tripa but they didn't have it. My friend got a carnitas burrito. Drinks were not right behind the cash register so we stood there like uh, what do we want to drink. I ended up just getting a soda (canned) and my friend got the horchata. And they sent us off with a basket full of chips and salsa. Food came out pretty quickly. I liked the lengua taco the best, followed by the carnitas and the al pastor. It was pretty tasty. Could've used some salsa but I was too hungry to go searching for some. I was stuffed with the three tacos and some chips. Decent Mexican food.  

                I bought super wet burrito to go.  I needed it for a redeye flight. I think this place is authentic, because all workers and the majority of customers are mexican.  However, my preference is very very wet (saucy) burrito, and this wet burrito is not wet enough for me. Still tasty though.  

                Burritos are huge! Their salsa is great.. Carne asada and chicken burritos taste good..  

                Just moved to the area, best Mexican good I have had so far. I ordered a super burrito wet with carne asada. It was 9 dollars but you got so much food and chips and salsa.  

                This place serves good Mexican food, has generous portions, and is consistently busy.  Stepped in here for lunch today and ordered a wet carne asada super burrito.  I don't usually order wet burritos but the picture on the wall looked appetizing.  The place was packed, and the tables are a little close together.  The service is great, they were quick to provide ice water as well as chips and salsa. The salsa is a little chunky, and had a good balance of spice.  This place is good, go there or order ahead. Its a little cramped, but cool.  Its a solid choice when you're on the Peninsula, and right off the 101.  

                I'm not a burrito connoisseur.  In fact, I rarely eat burritos but was craving one the other day.  So take this review with a grain of salt.   Still, any taqueria that opens across long time "Best of" competitors and neighbors, La Costeno and La Bamba has to be pretty confident of their goods.  With those across the street locations closed (for remodeling?), it seemed a good time to try Los Altos Taqueria.   The interior is simple but with more seating than the old La Bamba and, obviously, the grocery-like La Costena.  A huge picture menu hangs from the wall and this place serves a nice assortment of items beyond tacos and burritos, specifically small plates and Micheladas and Margaritas.   I had never had a wet burrito so opted for their Super Burrito Wet ($8.50) with carnitas.  It's a ginormous portion and served with chips and salsa.  Lots of guacamole, carnitas mixed with rice, beans, and sour cream.  The carnitas were nicely tender and slightly crispy and next time I'll get it sans beans and rice as I usually do.  The wet sauce is a tasty red sauce with a slight kick and some cheesiness.   Overall, I liked the low key vibe, the menu choices and the tables here.  I can see why this place has fans even next to the burrito stalwarts next door.  Plus they take credit cards (over $5)!  Los Altos Taqueria accepts credit cards but not American Express.  

                Was starving and I had noticed this taqueria had raving reviews. I think my expectations were too high, but I was super dissapointed.  Part of a small plaza, this place was popping on a Friday night. My friend and I perused the wall menu, and she mentioned the tamales. I love tamales, but it's so hard to find a good one. I feel my quest to find a good chile releno is just as hard. I went with the combo plate, and ordered one vegetarian (carrot, jalapeno, cheese) and one pork. Paid and was given a basket of chips, salsa, and iced water in a flash.  Was given a ticket, but my food was brought to my table within 90 seconds of ordering. My friend's chicken taco salad and sope was given at the same time too even though she ordered after me. It bothered me that the food came out so quick. Great since we were starving, but it's like they just nuked our order.  I didn't even have a chance to enjoy the chips and salsa before the meal, but I do have to say they pass the salsa test. It was really good and a good kick. Store bought chips though.  My tamales...so dissapointing. They were so dense. The vegetarian one? Had a sad strip of carrot, half a jalapeno and literally a sprinkle of cheese. The pork was just about the same. It was barely even warm, which is a huge bleh to me. I literally just ate the filling and left all the corn tamale on the plate. Rice and beans, ehh, okay. My friend's taco salad was pretty good, but there was a weird taste to it.  I probably should've tried one of their tacos that everyone raves about, or the al pastor, but would definitley recommend not getting their tamales! It's a bust!  

                3.5 so it's late night and you need a taqueria open until 10 pm.  this one does the trick.  super burrito al pastor, which has decent tasting meat, not too many chewy pieces, a nice mix of tomato, sour cream, guac, beans and rice, not too much of one ingredient, and the "wet/moist" level of the mixed ingredients is pretty even.  while not the special handmade stuff, still good.  

                Quick, tasty, nice people. My go-to place in Mountain View.  

                I can't help but smirk when I look at the taquerias across the street and see the lines out the door. If only those fools knew that their famed burritos are subpar to what Los Altos Taqueria serves up, they would drop their previous allegiances in a heartbeat.  I came to LAT on the recommendation of a Yelp friend who took pity on my search for a good burrito in NorCal. Yup, I live down south. I'm one of those self-righteous Mexican food fanatics who knows what's authentic. I've had a lot of good burritos and a lot of bad burritos, but what I got here was the best I've had north of LA County.  First of all, the al pastor was perfection. You can actually taste the smoky, BBQ flavor that comes from hours of roasting on the spit. Too many places put the pork on the spit but don't smoke it for nearly long enough. The chunks are small but not so fine that it seems like ground pork.  The other aspects of the burrito were great. The ratio of rice to beans to meat to extras was good. I could have used a little less rice but that's personal preference. I loved that there were green onions and chopped chilis in the mix; it's something that you don't see often in a super burrito but makes all the difference. I got my burrito wet, and I loved that the enchilada sauce tasted homemade and not like it came straight out of a can.  Portions are huge, their salsa is also great, and their service was quick and very attentive for a taqueria. I don't know how much longer I'll be in the area but I'd like to come back and try some of their other dishes and meats to see if they're just as good.  

                Stars: 3.5  Was in the area and wanted some nachos,  at first. Found this lovely taqueria with the help of yelp. Nestled in the corner of a small strip mall is LAT. Not very large but does have tables and some bar seating.  Lots to choose from on the menu. I even like the extra effort of a picture menu. Order at the counter and you wait for your number to be called out.   We ordered the regular nachos, Al pastor mohado (wet) burrito with green sauce and a churro cause we were sitting at the bar waiting for our food.  Regular nachos: great chips, beans,  guac,  sour cream, pico. . But kind of skipped out on the cheese. Maybe it was way it built, but you have to layer the cheese through the chip pile so the bottom chips don't get left out. There was plenty of everything else.  Al Pasto burrito: we had it with green sauce,  very tasty!  Huge size burrito you definitely get your monies worth. Al pastor had nice flavor, the rice was done well and all the fillings can easily make this a two person meal.  Place is well liked by its locals. Line going out the door. Staff is friendly and there is a little wait when the place is packed.  

                You know it's good Mexican Food when even the veggie tacos are out of this world.   Los Altos Taqueria is home to what are easily, the BEST vegetarian tacos I've ever had. Everything about these tacos are perfect - the beans are delicious and perfectly portioned, the tortillas are warmed just right, veggies are crisp and fresh, and to top it all off - a heaping scoop of guacamole. YUM.   Because veggie tacos are always the most basic of ingredients, I'm willing to bet the beans *are not vegetarian*, but the deed has been done. I ate 'em without thought, and damn were they good.   I also sampled a fish taco, which was simple, light, inexpensive, and perfectly cooked. For $2.79 a piece, I think these are some of the cheapest fish tacos in the area.   Boyfriend was especially impressed with his gigantic wet burrito. Apparently this behemoth of a meal was delish and difficult to finish. I think he managed to down it in two sittings, loving every single bite.   Lastly, we both agreed that their salsa was super bomb. A little sweet, a little spicy = perfection.   I'd highly recommend you stop by Los Altos Taqueria and see what you've been missing.  

                I come here very often for lunch. Great food with great selection. Much better choice than other taqueria in the area. Food is cooked as soon as you order and is out to you right away!  

                My husband and I have only recently discovered this place on a whim.  Burritos are DE-licious!  Prices are very affordable especially with the amount of food given, and the best part about this place (at least for me) is their picture menu.  It's so brilliant for the non-natives like me trying to figure out what looks good.  I love the idea and it's awesome.  They do get busy and at times the line may get backed up, but that just means this place is good.  It's definitely family owned so I have sympathy for the chaos.  

                This mexican restaurant is one of my favorite the costumer service is really good as well their burritos I love it  

                So I finally got my 6 year old to try a burrito in January and he went nuts over one in Santa Cruz. The good and bad of that was that he finally could enjoy burritos with us, but that we had to drive all the way to Santa Cruz to get them!   We were driving in Mountain View one night, and my boyfriend decided that we were going to try Los Altos Taqueria. We all ordered a Carnitas burrito (extra crispy carnitas) and lemme tell ya, we no longer have to drive alll the way to Santa Cruz!   Carnitas is so very tender and even when they make 'em extra crispy. Great flavor, never lacking, and I love that the pico is always so good and fresh. The tomatoes always have a nice firm consistency and the onions are just the right size (I hate when they are cut up into huge chunks and all you taste is onion).The service is excellent too.   It is now one of my faves and go-to's on a weekly basis. Sometimes my son wakes up and asks for their burritos first thing in the morning, which then makes ME want them first thing in the morning, so I drop him off at school (Sorry, Kid) and get me some good 'ol carnitas burritos for brekky... c'mon now, what more needs to be said!  Oh... the only thing that I wish is that they would spread the pico de gallo more evenly in the burrito. I usually have to request for them to do that, or else its at the very bottom (or top), depending on where you bite into!  

                Came here for lunch with a friend, where we each got a carne asada super burrito, and I got an extra tostada ceviche. The ceviche was decent - not amazing, but decent. The burritos, however, were bland, and the guacamole and sour cream seemed to be abnormally watery. It was almost soupy inside the tortilla. Prices seemed pretty good, until we started eating. I`m hoping that this was just a fluke, because there was a constant stream of customers coming in, and people obviously seem to like it here.  

                they're kind, quick, and serve you at your table tacos $2/each  i got 2 lengua, 2 cabeza  my meat was cooked well but was very bland (it's the first time i've ever had to put salt on a taco)... and the salsa kind of drenched everything. the tortillas were cooked correctly but they lacked.. flavor. i want some good old corn-y tortillas!  

                We live a few blocks away and have tried this place twice now. Very satisfied customers! I have had the carne asada super burrito twice (one time wet and will order it this way all the time in the future) and my boyfriend the veggie burrito. Very delicious! Comes with chips and salsa and the price is very reasonable. Cashier was nice both times and the food came out pretty quick! Will be back for sure!  

                I love Los Altos Taqueria!  - Food is great and wonderfully priced. - I usually call and order a super burrito, various meat each time, and they ALWAYS have it ready by the time I get there 10 minutes later.  I like how the ladies remember me at this point :)  - Tacos are yummy! - They have Lengua (cow tonque), nomz! - Fresh squeezed orange juice and mexican food is perfect for hangovers, trust me. - Near me, and on my way to work :)  

                Most of the taquerias I go to have tacos with chunks of gooey fat on them.  These tacos were extremely clean and really good! My favorite place to go when I need a taco fix!  

                My favorite go to place for Mexican food.  I have yet to have anything on their menu that I have not liked.  I love their shredded chicken tacos and my boyfriend usually favors the steak burrito.  You get a lot of food for a relatively inexpensive price.  Food is always fast and quality is very consistent.  

                Excellent burritos, good service.   First time at a West Coast burrito shop and were impressed. Super fast service,  good prices, and great flavors. We had burritos with Carne Asada, Chile Verde and Polo Asado and they were all a hit.   Free chips and salsa is a huge plus.  

                Great place to do a pickup. Fast and good food in generous quantities.  

                Fast, cheap, delicious, tons of options. And not just for burritos -- got a breakfast plate of scrambled eggs and chicken which was amazing.  I would take out of town visitors here to show them an example of the great taquerias we have here in California. Probably the best taqueria in Mountain View.  

                Decent vegetarian burrito - good enough that I come back once in a while but not good enough to induce cravings :)  Nice salsa and nice service - a solid lunch option  

                the people that work here are nice and the food is awesome! granted I've only tried their tacos, but yes quite a few times and I'm never disappointed... good amount of meat and fast service  

                The quesadilla suiza was pretty awesome - a giant quesadilla packed with cheese, meet of your choice, salsa, guacamole, and sour cream, folded in half and then in half again. It gets kind of messy, but it's worth it.  I'll never eat another regular quesadilla again!  

                I would give this place no stars if I could... I went in and ordered my food with two customers in the whole restaurant, expecting to get my food in a timely manner. I waited for just a breakfast burrito, but the 15 customers who can me 5 minutes after me orders their food and gets it in 5 minutes. Not to mention that they were served their drinks and chips... I waited 20 minutes, never got my drink nor chips, and finally got fed up asked for a refund. During that time. I did not receive an apology and had a very bad attitude towards me, and as much I do not want to bring up race. The 15 customers who happen to be Hispanic/Latino descent and I'm the only asian person in the whole restaurant was treated and served so much better than I was... I will never ever come back here, and hope that management takes this matter seriously. This is just ridiculous!  

                Cheap. Fast. Delicious.   If you're looking for a fancy me can joint, then pass on by. If you're looking for something to curve your Mexican food cravings you've got the right place.   Always consistent. Always delicious.  

                Came back here, gave it a second chance.  Get their quesadilla!!! It's not a cheese blob! It's like a burrito, but with a crispier tortilla and no rice!  

                My Latina coworkers took me here one day for lunch and I just keep coming back!  I've had the tacos, burritos, nachos, and supreme quesadillas. Loved all of it. Quick,cheap, delicious. Supreme quesadillas are huge! Super filling and delicious. Highly recommend this place.  

                Meh, not so much. The enchilada sauce was oily and separated. I saw the guy take it out of the microwave. Yuck  

                Aside from the not so pleasant looking location, this place makes some awesome Burritos. First bite is killer and you just keep craving for more. The horchata is great on certain days and only good on others very inconsistant probably due to the ice watering it down. i'd avoid the steak and get the pastor for better flavor and better texture  

                Best taqueria nachos I've ever had, and excellent street tacos as well. Extremely reasonably priced and just a great, go-to taqueria.  

                Yummy consistent cooking and seasoning. I have tried over 1/2 of the menu listing and haven't much to complain about. Nicely run by their friendly staff,too. I usually get chili relleno, super and regular tacos, super wet or regular burrito, super nachos, taco salad, enchilada, quesadillas, shrimp fajitas or fried whole fish. Tamales I tried and wasn't a fan because two times ordered it was over cooked and dry. Yummy Chips and salsa are free so bonus points to them for that! Not too big of a restaurant and a Very casual atmosphere so it's great for small family dining or friends meet and eat place or even if you're eating alone its good because they have bar stool section for single party patron.  

                Seriously good tacos. I had al pastor and chile verde. Atmosphere is a bit of a hole-in-the wall. Excellent, cheap Mexican cuisine in a taqueria atmosphere - what more is there to say?   This corner used to have 3 AMAZING taquerias (the top 3 in the bay IMHO) until mid 2013 when the city of mountain view took out the building that had 2 of them. It was friggin outstanding Mexican food central. This is the only one that remains, but the new locations for the other two - la bamba and la costeña - are both still very very close. I encourage you to try all 3! They're all great - hard to pick between them for which is the best in the bay.   Will definitely be back.  

