                Wow, I really loved this place! I went here last Sunday for a belated Valentine's day lunch and it was delicious:):)  Ordered: 1. Fish taco combination plate ($10.95), subbed 1 fish taco for a carne asada one 2. Carne asada fries ($10.95)   Good - Fish Taco: generous amount of toppings and fish, only thing was that there were a few pieces of fish (when out of the taco) that didn't taste that great, either because it had that overly frozen fishy kind of taste or it wasn't seasoned enough.  Very good -Service (refilled my boyfriend's horchata for free and my water, too:) The host very friendly and the waitress/staff that brought us our food was kind. I could tell that these were hard-working people! - The carne asada! Delicious delicious. My boyfriend said it was really good and he's from a town near San Diego so he has some experience with the best Mexican food:)  - Big portions and free refried beans with cheese with the meal. - Salsa bar, good options including good pico de gallo!  Will I be back?: Yes! I want to try a burrito (maybe not the monster x) with more or their fresh pico de gallo:)!  

                This place is fantastic! Authentic, fresh, and light. I stopped in thinking that it couldn't live up to the reviews, but it totally does.  The owner is incredibly kind & will have a conversation with you if you let her.  Lemonade, orange juice, and margaritas are all fresh squeezed. If you haven't had a beverage made fresh like this, you simply must try it.  

                Made it out Los Arcos on Marlow Road to see what all the fuss was about on yelp.  We stepped inside on a Friday evening and tried eating in.    We started with a round of Margaritas, and to our disappointment found they were made from wine rather than actual Tequila, which was the only real disappointment to the meal.   All the food ordered was pretty decent for the area, street tacos, enchiladas, a Chile relleno, and their super nachos had by the table and there was no disappointment in the food.   The service was quick and came with a smile, as you can see this place aims to please especially during the slow month of January.  I'd go again, but probably only to get the food to go.  

                This place has a great ambient vibe to it and the food is delicious. I ordered a shrimp burrito and was in heaven. The service was fantastic and very quick.  

                Came here for my first time today and was greeted so nicely by the owner. She had such a happy welcoming energy, it made my first visit so pleasant. The food was amazing. Definitely found my new go to Mexican restaurant in town! Having yummy food is good for a restaurant but combining it with wonderful customer service is what makes a place great and worth telling friends and family about. Keep up the awesome work! I'll definitely be back here soon!  

                Service was 5 stars Food was 3 stars  A decent stop with lots of options. I was a little hesitant at first because this place only has a few tables and we almost had to sit outside on a cool day, but a server came out and quickly cleared a table and grabbed two chairs not being used. The welcoming service was very nice.  The food was good, not out-of-this-world good, but I think this place has potential and I would definitely check it out again if I were in the area. There are a ton of items on the menu, so I'm curious about the other flavors coming out of this kitchen.  

                Lunch time.  Combo for me with chili relleno and a carne asada sope.  For Bambie a vegetable assortment plate.  Uniformly good quality ingredients cooked well and have pretty plate presentation.  As said by another Yelper, the spice level is practically non-existent.  This is Americanized Mexican food.  Even the salsa cart did not have jalapenos.  Spiciest sauce available is the bottle of Tapatio on the table.  Overall, clean well made food, large portions, friendly & smiling service.  Go to the website and print out a discount coupon.  

                Visited this place because of all the great reviews. Staff was very friendly, salsa was delicious, and the food was reasonably priced and well portioned. The taste was... well... on par with what you'd expect from one of these hole-in-the-wall, family-owned, Mexican restaurants that seem to be popping up everywhere. My wife and I both had burritos and found them to be a little tasteless and dry (had to hit the salsa bar to liven them up). My large burrito had barely a trace of cheese (might want to request extra cheese). The atmosphere was about as flavorful: a small brown cubical inside a strip mall, with limited seating (I imagine it's standing-room-only at lunch time). So, it's a nice place if you're looking to fill up for cheap, but not the kind of place you go for the atmosphere.  

                Tried the monster burrito. Awesome. Huge!!! And delicious. Best Mexican food in town. Will go back for sure.  

                I have to agree with a few fellow yelpers; the flavor while tasting fresh and healthy is lacking in flavor.  I knew this going in so I choose the Al Pastor thinking that this type of meat is usually all about the seasoning. The pork was shredded which was surprising as usually it's chopped up in chunks but none the less it was appealing. The flavor was more to me like a mole. ....it didn't have that spice, that ZAP of beauty that causes your mouth to water and beg for more.  I love the salsa bar and would gladly pay more at any resturant to have one but here again the flavor was slightly off mark. Bravo for a level of freshness that could be tasted though.  Serive was beautiful.  Extremely sweet and kind.  I would come back but it wouldn't be my first choice. I know this is hard considering the area but this could be one of the greats if more flavor was packed in.  

                Super friendly people and the food was great. I felt really homey even though it was my first time. I'm Chinese and they treated me like family. I love it!  

                I can't begin to describe the happiness I experienced when I first stumbled upon this gem.   1. It's owned and operated by the owner and his beautiful family.  2. He offers meat and dairy free options.   Although, I strongly support the small business owner, I'm mostly excited for reason number 2 because let's face it, typical Mexican food is laden with gobs of cheese and tons of meat. My dad is Mexican so, I was raised on cheese, meat and lard but it never settled well with me so, it's nice to be able to go out and actually enjoy my meal while everyone else feasts on the typical fare.  

                The simplicity of my chosen dish is what keeps me loving Los Arcos. A breakfast taco. Corn tortillas, egg, bacon, red potatoes, green onions, salsa, refried beans and avocado.   It's ridiculous how much I enjoy this meal for dinner. $2.95 a taco!  

                So I tried this place due to the great yelp reviews and was not disappointed in the food at all in fact went back later that week for a 2nd try out again the food was just as good. I highly recommend this place if your in the area. Basically they are worth the wait lol  

                You can count on them for a good meal and great service the owner is outstanding and always delivers excellent customer service can't go wrong with a torta they serve their burritos wet or dry and tacos always taste fresh!  

                I feel kinda bad dinging the place because they are so friendly and accommodating, but the food is just okay. At least if you're visiting from some place that has lots of great Mexican food. I don't know Santa Rosa that well so maybe this is really good if you live locally and don't have much choice.  I got the nachos with carne asada (they recommended the carne asada). The nachos were just okay. Cheese wasn't that tasty. Nor were the beans. The carne asada was just okay too. The chips seemed to be not great quality because they got soggy and limp. I prefer them a little crispier and thicker to keep their innate chip-ness. I wouldn't get the nachos here again. Maybe stick to the burritos?  The horchata also tasted watered down but at least it was a giant glass.  But the staff were super nice and chatty. Helped us seat our table of 6 by pushing two tables together.  

                Ordered two burritos and was pleasantly surprised at how flavorful the food was. It came out quickly and everything was fresh. The salsa bar was delicious too. Loved how friendly the staff was.  

                Their al pastor burrito never disappoints.  The service is friendly, it's always clean, and the music is kept to a level that allows for conversation.  My favorite local spot for take out.  

                Had lunch hear with hubby this week.  Really enjoyed everything about it.  Granted, it is a distance for us as it is across town and about a 25 minute drive in traffic.  However, the food was great.  Watching my calorie and carb intake was easy as I ordered the Low Carb plate - a yummy mix of steamed veggies, prawns, chicken on top of a very fresh green salad.   Hubby ordered the chili relleno and sopa combo plate.  Of course, I tasted everything and was very impressed. Service was friendly and prompt. Low prices, great food.  We will go back again!  

                I had the locos 5 meat burrito. It was huge and awesome!! The service was great. I can't remember the ladies name but she was funny, polite and a great hostess.  Don't judge this place by the strip mall it sits in. Go in and eat! Oh and when asked weather you want your burrito wet or dry go for wet. Your gonna eat it with a knife and fork anyway.  Time for a nap!  

                Lets just say if I wasn't too embarrassed, I would have gone back the next day for dinner again. They had plenty of healthy vegan options. Chips were good, salsa bar was even better, and service was great. Looks like a mom and pop shop. They had a several regulars come in while we were there and they seemed to know each one of them very well. Even though we were not locals they still treated us like we were family.  

                AMAZING! I love this place. Their crunchy and soft fish tacos are to die for. The prices are totally reasonable and the seating is always open for us to eat inside.  

                Affirmative on the Carne Asada Fries.  BOOM.  ¡Muy Sabor!  

                There are a thousand places like this up and down California....  And that is a dammed good thing....having so much good Mexican food in California makes it more difficult for a place like this to stand out.  But..sometimes a wealth of quality is a good thing.  :-)  

                One of my favorite places if I'm feeling like quick Mexican food! I always get the Vegetarian Burrito, which is a burrito with beans, rice, and "The Works". "The Works" includes sour cream, guacamole, cheese, and pico de gallo. Yum!!  I love how sour cream and guacamole are included...many places you have to pay extra to add that on! The ingredients are always fresh, burritos are a good size, and I love the varieties of salsa they have at their salsa bar!  If you call in an order, even during busy dinner times of the day, they'll have it ready for you to pick up in about 15 minutes. It's a pretty small restaurant, and can get busy, so we oftentimes just call in our order and pick it up to eat at home.  One time when we went, they messed up the order of someone in our group...they had marked it as a pick-up, even though we were eating there that time. Because of that, he didn't get his food until we were all halfway done with ours, once they figured out their mistake. Because of that, they made him a new, fresh burrito, and didn't charge him for anything. They apologized, and did all of that without us asking. I really appreciate that kind of great customer service. Everyone makes mistakes sometimes, but it's how the mistakes are handled that really matters.   Great, friendly, fast service + good food + good price = We'll definitely keep going back!  

                Hole in the wall place in a strip mall. The dining room was overflowing on a late Sunday afternoon - and the food did not disappoint.  If you are looking for some really good family made Mexican food for about what you would pay at a chain, this is a spot for you.   Great for kids, easy on the pocket, happy tummy.  

                Stopped here on our way from Phoenix  to Oregon based on Yelp reviews. It was wonderful to find such an authentic Mexican place so far up north.  Great food.  Great people! I can't give more than 5 stars... -Jeff  

                The lady was Very rude at the register, & could not answer me when I asked what her gluten free options were. She went on saying the corn & flour were gluten free. I asked if it was (wheat flour), & she could not answer me. She was very snappy & even corrected the way I said "tortilla". I will never eat there. That woman needs to be fired, I wish I knew her name. Terrible service!  

                Super friendly neighborhood Mexican restaurant. On my first visit to Santa Rosa, I came here to try their fish tacos, which were absolutely delicious! Their food is fresh and not too salty or greasy like other Taquerias. Coming from San Jose though, my expectations were quite high and though it isn't the best place I've had this place does get a lot of locals for good reason, it is simply good.   Try to avoid this place during the lunch rush though. I had to wait around 45 minutes for a couple fish tacos during one of my lunches. It was so crowded that I kind of just awkwardly stood there and it was only once that the lady in the front apologized that I had to wait. I'll definitely come back here but probably during a time when they aren't busy, since food doesn't seem to come out that quick.  

                I always check yelp and choose where to eat. We recently have been around Santa Rosa and I told my boyfriend that it might be a good choice. It was! Food was delicious, margarita was good, we ate super burrito with prawns, prawns were delicious, and burrito was full of prawns, just great! The prices were less than we pay anywhere else, yet they were not that good.  Best think about this place is not giant burrito I think, but nice people with smiley face. They welcome you, they serve you nice with kind smile. That gave extra taste to all foods we ate. I appreciate them for delicious food and sincere service.  

                This is such a great neighborhood Taqueria ! Not only is the food amazing but it is filled with the most welcoming and happy staff. Thank You Los Arcos for being so inviting.  

                Really nice place. Salsa bar, great tacos and burritos, margaritas with fresh fruit juice and outdoor seating if you have a dog. A real family business vibe too. All the staff were sweet and welcoming.  

                I ordered some of their soft tacos to go and they were fantastic. The staff was very polite and I would definitely recommend it.  

                we had a picnic for about 78 people at howarth park the day before our wedding and catered the food through Los Arcos. Chris, the owner of Los Arcos, was absolutely awesome and amazing to work with. the price he charges for food and set up is really  fair and totally worth it. this is a family owned business and you can see how passionate and invested they are in making it successful.   his daughter and her boyfriend arrived early and set up the food for us, and even stayed around to serve our guests for a good hour and a half. they provided food warmers and allowed us to bring it all back to the restaurant without any time limits. the food was really good and i honestly could not have been happier with our experience with Los Arcos.  

                I got recommended by a friend to eat here. Man was I surprised by this little gem. I like spicy and the man behind the counter (Chris) made me the bombest habanero breakfast burrito. I'm for sure coming back here.  

                Visiting from Minnesota and getting my family to try a different restaurant.  Was amazed by the food, cleanliness and all around family feel.  Would definitely return!  

                This is the only place that holds true to their menu description. We ordered a monster burrito and that is what we got! A Huge monstrous delight!!!  The food was delicious and the owner was very friendly. The owner walked around the restaurant to greet his customers. A ++++ will be back again when in town!! A definite stop!!!  

                Good Mexican grub. Loved Bean & cheese burritos. Fish tacos are good too.  

                There are really only two reasons I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5:   1. Because I didn't get a chance to try their chips. We came around 7:30 on a Friday night and they were packed...a great sign that the place is muy delicioso. But unfortunately they were out of a lot of things...including chips.   and... 2. The McDougall plate that I ordered had rice that was cooked partially in oil So, it wasn't really McDougall. They were great enough to cook up a side of extra veggies to account for the rice, so I felt well taken care of...but I was really looking forward to the McDougall menu items.  The servers tried to get a table for us as soon as possible with all of the crazy busy people there to order take-out and everyone enjoying their meals at the restaurant. The owner, chefs and servers were all very friendly and smiley. My husband ordered the monster burrito with habaneros, it was HUGE and spicy! Also, they have some yummy salsas in their salsa bar.  Overall, nice experience with yummy food, I'll be going there again.  

                We were really excited to try this place after seeing the rave reviews, and especially seeing their focus on fresh, healthy options on the menu, and we really wanted to like it. Alas, it was just okay. Not a ton of flavor, even with the salsas, which weren't very spicy and lacked any kind of zing. There was nothing we tasted on any of our plates that excited our taste buds at all. Friendly waitstaff, quick service, at least an attempt at having healthy options, good prices and generous servings... so definitely an all right place if you just want some quick, though unremarkable Mexican food. But if you're looking for something really flavorful, I would look elsewhere... like Mi Pueblo.  

