                I had the chance to check out this place when a friend of mine introduced me to it. Ever since then I will come here when I am craving some amazing Mexican food.   The burritos here are a great portion size - meat and everything in it definitely delicious! I also tried the soups here and it was probably one of the best places I've been to so far.   You also need to try the drinks such as horchata or the watermelon. You won't be disappointed.  I highly recommend and support this place! Try it out and find out yourself =]  

                This is gonna sound like South San Francisco treason, but I've never really been a fan of La Tapatia. There's something about the grunginess of the counter squished among the dingy supermarket aisles that has made the greasy, heavy food even more unappealing to me. When La Tapatia fell short of our expectations (my husband's from San Diego), we were begrudgingly going to El Farolito.   We discovered Los Cuates and have never turned back. Clean, bright, well-lit inside, the store is a welcome place to enjoy straightforward, solid Mexican food. Our favorites are the carnitas taco and the fish burrito.   Native San Diegan-approved!  

                I just recently discovered this Los Cuates when I was walking around the Brentwood Bowl area.  I decided to stop by there for lunch one weekend and order one of their burritos to-go.  Before ordering, I decided to check out yelp to see what looked good here and their Enchilada Style Burrito looked pretty good!  So I ordered a Chicken Enchilada Style Burrito with Red Sauce and a Shrimp Taco for an appetizer.  Shrimp Taco --  <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1oEoqZi&s=9a178b68e4008b40144a5bfcbe2a7702856b2f0c305053e041cfded87d9add69" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1oEoqZi</a>  Enchilada Style Chicken Burrito with Red Sauce --  <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1gdg9Lg&s=662ebacd6e32d992ce4e25ab15fd9f4ccc19407e2acd0e731bf613aa288f4524" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1gdg9Lg</a>  The Shrimp Taco was okay.  I didn't like how they used little baby shrimp for the taco instead of the jumbo ones they use for their Carne Asada and Camarones plate.  On the other hand, the Enchilada Style Burrito was delicious.  All smothered with Red Sauce and Cheese, the stuffed burrito was a perfect lunch.   I have to go back to try their Carne Asada and Camarones plate.  That seems to be their most popular plate.  Overall, it's a pretty solid Taqueria.  I still prefer El Farolito over this, but depending on my mood, if I don't want to drive to downtown SSF, then I'll have Los Cuates as a better alternative then El Faro.  

                Love this place! Was craving a burrito and didn't want to drive over to Grand. Found this place here on Yelp and it was close to home. I absolutely love their shrimp burritos! The shrimp is so well seasoned and doesn't taste like it has been sitting around all day. I've stolen bites from my friends' tacos before and those tasted just as good.  

                This is my first time eating here I usually don't like to eat out at restaurants that I really don't know but I just got off at work at seven and I just wanted to get something from smart and final and I realize there was a taco place right over there I said you know what why not get something to eat I got two burritos one chicken one beef it was so filling and I also got some salsa from the salsa bar which tasted homemade it wasOne of the best I definitely think that if you live around South city you should definitely try it it's really good for a small place like this  

                This place is one of my regular lunch spots and favorite taquerias in the Peninsula. My usual here are the tacos. Two "supers" and you'll leave satisfied for sure. Three and you'll be stuffed. I typically top them with chorizo, carne asada, al pastor or carnitas. The carnitas are definitely my fav of the four, crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside.   The burritos are also good, but I've stopped getting them recently because they're gianormous and I usually can't finish. They also offer enchilada-style burritos, aka wet burritos, which is drowned in red or green salsa.   One thing that I don't want to forget to mention is the salsa. All orders come with a side tortilla chips. And when there are chips, you need salsa. They offer quite a few options at the salsa bar. The standout is pumpkin seed salsa, which you don't always find.  Los Cuates is a family-run business named after the twins who are the cooks. It's another one of my cheap eats. You can easily leave there spending less than $10.  

                We decided to try this taqueria based on yelp reviews.   It did not disappoint; one of the best on the Peninsula.  The carnitas burrito was huge and tasty and it was stuffed with lots of meat.  We will definitely be back and will make this our go to taqueria place.  

                The food is great!  We discovered this place and now we go every week.  The prices are very reasonable and the staff is really nice. The twins who craft our burritos are sweet and attentive.  I don't know which one is which but I've never been disappointed!  It's not a fancy place but it's comfortable and clean.   It can get crowded on the weekends but that's a good sign we found a gem!  

                Yum, the food is delish.   Swung by on a random Tuesday evening after an involuntary hunger strike brought about by too much work and no time to eat. I ordered two asada tacos and a super quesadilla con pollo to go.  (Tacos para ahora, y quesadilla to populate my bachelor-pad looking fridge with no food).   I walked in around 7:30 p.m. and it looked like they were about to close. Their hours say they're open until 9:00 p.m. Maybe they were just bored and trying to get a jump on closing. I asked if they were closing and she said 8:30 p.m. Hm, maybe it's one of those situations where they close if they don't have enough business?   They had Univision on at Volume 100. Man, that's annoying, and not because it's in Spanish, I love the Latin lingo. Because I can't hear myself think with the television blaring at unspeakable decibels.   At any rate, the food was delicious. Those tacos were screamin. Tons of perfectly cooked asada, minced onion, cilantro and hot sauce. That is just perfection. The quesadilla was also yummy, even though I reheated it for breakfast on Thursday and Friday. At the end of the day, I can tolerate A LOT if the food is tasty.   Oh yeah, I personally thought the prices were out of control cheap, especially for the generous portions. I'm a fan. Only one request, please: kill your television.  

                Pretty sure I just found my new taqueria!   Their tacos and enchilada style burrito is off the hook. And I haven't used that term in a long time.  Hole in the wall place near smart and final, staff is friendly, and service is fast whether I call ahead of time, or wait in line.  Not a huge fan of their chips, but their salsa bar has a lot of options.   Wish they stayed open late!  

                Love this place! Good customer service and delicious food!!! Prices are good too. Love everything.  

                HOW HAVE I NEVER SEEN THIS PLACE BEFORE?  This location is located on the store fronts across from the side of the Smart & Final on El Camino Real and it's right near the L&L Hawaiian place. Parking is all on the street unless you want to take the risk of parking at the Smart & Final parking lot.  Inside the restaurant has a lot of tables for you to sit at if you want to dine-in and a TV for you to watch. The salsa bar is on the right side of the restaurant in the back near the kitchen. And the menu pretty much includes what you would normally see at any taqueria so no change there. Also, the prices are affordable!   The worker who took my order was alright. Wasn't entirely friendly and didn't offer me a smile, but at least she didn't give me attitude either.   The food itself (I got 2 carne asada tacos and 2 carne asada burritos) were both packed with flavor. The meat wasn't dry at all and they give you a good amount of filling so I'm satisfied. :)  

                -SOOOOOOOO GOOD. I come here about  once a week -Fresh and home-cooked food    -Chicken tacos are amazing. A taco w/ rice, beans and chips is only about $5 .  I have tried the quesadillas ,burritos y nachos they are good too.  - Nice family run business.   -Most  authentic  Taqueria in SSF.  

                Tried Huevos con Jamon and chicken enchilada and satisfied again! Have it with orchata and it's perfect!  

                The food is good  , burritos are great , tacos al pastor as well , but I think that they should let you know when your  to go order is ready  .that cashier she should be a little more friendly!!  

                I used to go to another taqueria in South San Francisco for a long time.Thier food is  good,but then I heard about Los Cuates.. The food is always hot and very fresh tasting.The wet burritos are huge and delicious..I no longer visit trhe other taqueria since finding Los Cuates..  

                Good burrito and soup. Had to try all three salsas. Of course I like the chunky one but it lacks spice, it is just minced tomato and onion with cilantro. The green sauce is a boring sauce that I know that I have had before in countless places and never thought much of. Ah but the spicy red sauce was AWESOME.  (Not hot spicy: but really mild-medium flavorful with black pepper and mild pepper seeds in it).    Unfortunately I asked for the green sauce on my burrito.   Note to self: this place is good, but I bet that drenched in that tasty red sauce that my fish burrito would have been 5 stars instead of 4.    Got a shrimp soup for appetizer.  Good (shrimp a bit overcooked, tougher than I like) but soup was full of flavor.  Soup broth was scalding hot (even blistered my palate) but I kept sipping more anyways.  (No, Im not into pain, but I didn't want to stop tasting that soup broth).  You get freshly prepared hot food here, it is not sitting under any heat lamps (I did not even see any heat lamps).  I would feel more like a victim getting some tepid soup, I could have been patient, but one taste and you wont want to wait either.  Suggestion: get the soup (too).    Ambience is casual with counter service which décor takes a point.  Parking is awful which should have taken more points.  Food is good and price is good so overall 3.5 stars by my count which I round to 4.  

                Great neighborhood taqueria. The twins really know their stuff!  

                Thanks for closing at eight instead of eight thirty, dicks. Get your shit together; it's a taqueria for christ's sake.  

                Delicious! I could eat these burritos for the rest of my life! I had a super burrito with carnitas--so flavorful, so fresh! And you really get alot of food for your money.  The service was friendly and very fast--I cannot recommend these guys enough!  

                Close to home and delicious!  

                I eat here with my family all the time. We absolutely love it here. The staff is really nice and the food is incredible. We've tried just about everything on the menu and I can honestly say that we were highly satisfied with the quality and taste of the food. They have a self serve salsa bar which is great because you can have as much as you want/need. Also they have a variety of salsas that taste great and compliment your food very well. I absolutely recomend this place to anyone who wants to go out and have some good authentic Mexican food.  

                Strolled in here this past weekend and ordered myself a super shrimp burrito. Super includes the addition of guacamole, cheese and sour cream.  For $9, I was quite disappointed as the shrimp they used were the tiny little ones typically used for salads. And it was over seasoned which made the whole burrito too salty.  They don't skimp on the cheese, but the texture of the guacamole was too creamy for me. Good thing I asked for no sour cream or else it would have been a super mushy burrito.  Next time I will just stick with the chicken or steak burritos.  I tried it when they first opened and from what I remember, it was decent.  They used to have lengua (beef tongue) as one of their meat options...but no more.  :(    I do like that they have a self-serve salsa bar with about 4 diff type of sauces including freshly made pico de gallo which was good with a spicy kick and radishes.  Too bad the chips are not homemade.  Sort of defeats the purpose of having good salsas!  

                Los Cuates is a solid, quick in-and-out for tacos, without having to bother with parking on Grand Avenue for some of the other great taquerias in South City.  

                Fast and friendly service ALWAYS! I usually get a chile relleno and carne super burrito with extra orange sauce and jalapeños!  

                3 for 3  Not sure how long this place has been here but I'm sure glad I found it. I have already been 3 times in as many weeks since discovering this hidden gem. First time I went I had the steak & pollo asado (grilled chicken) tacos. They were perfect. The second time I went I had steak nachos & just like the tacos they were amazing as well. Not to mention a very large portion. This last time I ordered the enchilada style super steak burrito. All I can say is WOW! The enchilada sauce alone would be reason enough to go but everything has been delicious. They also have numerous fresh salsas available to you at their salsa bar. Every single one of them has unique characteristics & delicious flavors. Additionally the staff & "The Twins" are always extremely nice & welcoming. This place is a must GO!!!  

                Awesome Food, the Staff is friendly, willing to offer advice.  The enchilada burrito is to die for  

                I have to say this is one of the best burritos I've had in a while. I got carne asada and the meat was just perfect. Juicy and tender. The salsas were great and the chips were not oily. I'm definitely coming back  

                I only was able to enjoy my hubby's leftovers from lunch, but the carne asada burrito he had was wonderful.  Loaded with meat and so flavorful.  I can't wait to go and try this place with my own entree.  I'm just happy my husband shared with me!  

                Their enchilada burritos and carne asada plates are my favorite. Prepare to be in a food coma! Delicious.  

                This place is bomb. I usually go to el super burrito or San Bruno taqueria but now this is my new go-to burrito spot. I got the enchilada style super burrito with carnitas. My boyfriend got the same with carne asada. Although I usually prefer steak burritos in general, I enjoyed the carnitas one from here more than the carne asada. There is a good amount of cilantro and onions inside (which I love) but if you don't enjoy the strong flavor, just ask to omit them. This place was definitely a winner in my book!  

                3.5 stars  I thought I was seeing double, but no. There really are los cuates (twins!) running the register!   The savings from them not remodeling the 50's hamburger diner, jukebox, checkered floor & all, are passed on to their customers. $2 for tacos (he loved their al pastor) & $6.95 for nachos (see pic.)   I ate around the carne asada (I only order it for him)...thought the tortilla chips might've been from a bag...and between the flavor of the salsa & the cheese, it gave my dish a pizza-like taste. Guac is creamy rather than chunky. Not bad, but I'd try something else next time.   Salsa bar has really tasty options: pico de gallo is perfect, and the red & green salsas have yummy, layered flavors without the overpowering heat. 5 stars for the salsa!   Go if you're in this part of South City.  

                I decided to stray from my always great standby taqueria to give this place a try and see if there was something delicious here. I decided to go with standard super burrito with grilled chicken to get a baseline comparison. This is my take on the place.  It's a fairly clean taqueria with neon lights inside and very easy to read menu with competitive prices. The burrito itself was decent with tasty, juicy chicken cut up into cubes, a little over seasoned for my taste but just a little bit. The burrito itself was pretty well portioned with rice, beans, meat guac, cheese and sour creamed, rolled nice and tight the way it should be. Tortilla nicely grilled with some toasted spots, very nice. It was good but not great.   The one thing that I didn't like was the chips. I feel like if you want to be taken seriously as any type of Mexican restaurant be it sit down or take out or even food truck, you can't serve the chips they sell in Costco no matter how cheap and convenient. Get those corn tortillas, cut 'em up and fry 'em they way they're supposed be. I also they could set up a better salsa bar. The red salsa with roasted peppers was awesome though...  If you're in the area and craving taqueria food they worth a shot.  

                It was alright, but I've had better. Decided to try because of high rating.  

                I ordered the regular fish burrito and my boyfriend ordered 2 regular carne asada tacos and 2 carnitas tacos.  So here comes the review.  Regular Fish Burrito:  it's bass in the burrito so I was pleased with that and excited to try it out.  My first few bites of my burrito were yummy, the fish was well seasoned and slightly crispy from the griddle (?).  It's not deep fried or grilled.  But, as I started to get to the middle of my burrito the blandness of my rice and beans and the lack of seasoning of my fish at that point just made it seem like I was eating mush.  Bummer.  So I put the burrito down and decided to just pick the fish out.  Maybe it would be better in a taco....possibly?    My boyfriend enjoyed his tacos, but here's my take.  Carne Asada tacos:  Yummy!  The meat is chopped into itty bitty pieces that make the meat slightly crunchy on one side.  I like that.  Carnitas tacos:  I'm not a big fan of fat pieces mixed in with meat pieces so I figure I probably won't be ordering carnitas anytime soon from this joint.  Oddly enough their chips I think are store bought.  Bummed again.  Guacamole, thumbs down too.  Their orange sauce, no flavor.  They have other stuff on their menu that I could come back to try but from this particular meal I only liked that one bite from my BF's taco and the first few bites of my burrito.  I actually walk away not very satisfied with the amount of calories I've consumed.  Not worth the cheat meal for sure.  

                Let me begin by saying that I have been to my fair share of taquerias. That being said, Los Cuates has to be one of the best, if not the best, in the area. I have ordered a majority of the items on their menu and each has been delicious. Their food never fails to disappoint and their service is both fast and friendly. Just an added bonus that they are close to home!  

                After moving to San Bruno a few months ago, my fiance and I have been searching for local places to supplement dinner for our busy schedules.  After reading reviews about Low Cuates, we decided to try it out.  I don't usually expect a lot aesthetically when it comes to taquerias, cause usually the ones that don't look impressive really make up for it with the food; this one looked ok, and the food was just the same.  I like to do a taqueria test, usually if they have decent tasting tacos, the rest of the food will fall in the same place on the scale of deliciousness.  We decided to order one taco each, one chicken, one carnitas, and the taste was "ok".  The carnitas, being the last carnitas of the day, was a little overcooked, but overall, the taco was alright.  Along with the tacos, we had ordered a couple different styles of burritos, one chicken super burrito, and a carne asada enchilada style burrito with green sauce.  Firstly, the super burrito's flavor was very monotonous; the only flavor other than the salsa I put on top was the char of the grill that they cooked the meat on.  Not that char is a bad flavor, but it was the only flavor that I was able to taste, out of all of the ingredients in the burrito, about 6-7.  The enchilada style burrito was about the same: the sauce seemed like it was from a can, and the rest was just not special.  Overall, to rate this place, we give it a "generic Mexican-style cuisine".  There are other places in the area that we would likely suggest over this place in terms of tacos and burritos.  

                ordered a wet burrito with beans and rice. Not for me, the red sauce they used was thin, tasted like tomato sauce. Ive had better.  

                I've yet to try everything on the menu aside from the burrito section, but I don't plan to anyway. In terms of Mexican food, I usually ONLY go for a burrito, so my review may not be that informative.  Anyway, the burrito is great! It's just the right amount to fill you up for lunch or early dinner, and I'm sure that the other stuff on their menu is as well--i've kinda had my eye on the carne asada(?), but keep forgetting to get that instead. They have friendly staff, and the fact they have a salsa stand in the corner for people to grab a container of salsa is a bonus.  The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I wish they had a ventilation system; that, or at least keep the door open because it does feel kind of stuffy sometimes, especially with the tables being pretty close to each other.  

                Learned about this hidden gem from my sister. All I can say about this place is that -- it's friggin' delicious and the friendliest service ever you'd be like 'what the fug?'  This place is a little hidden- just kinda remember it as that one taqueria by Smart & Final in South City lol   You walk in and are immediately acknowledged. Service is a blast, the folks here seem like they're having a great time doing their job and running the place. You get chips automatically when you order, and they've got a generous salsa bar. So far so good! I've had their chicken quesadillas- yum! I've also have had their steak enchilada plate- yum! Chips and salsa- yum!  Overall this place is a new favorite and another great place to go to for good food.  

