                We drove up for the day from O.C. to visit family and found this little cozy restaurant on yelp when we arrived early morning. Walked in and greeted by some lady who probably is the owner with so much hospitality. I thrive on positive energy and great customer service. We ordered breakfast hotdogsilog, tapsilog and longsilog. Couldn't have asked for a better breakfast with the great service. If you're around the area and feeling filipino food or if not, I still recommend you try this place out.  

                There Bbq sticks are THE best!  It's not too expensive either compared to other Filipino restaurants. We also ate their tapsilog and longsilog and it was very tasty as well.  This place is our new go to for Filipino food!  

                Wow! Decided to go to this restaurant on Sunday @ 6:45PM and find out they closed early even through it says they close at 7:30PM on Sundays. What a waste. My advice to the owners is to make sure they are open the same time it states on yelp and what they write on their doors. Very unprofessional business.  

                Super pleased with Manila Express - another Yelp hit!  Hubby and I were in this part of the woods, so why not have filipino?  Took us a second to find the entrance, which was located behind the Chinese restaurant.  The place is not as visible however you'll know since it's indicated on the marquee in front of the main strip mall- along with 7-11, barber shop etc.  First - you'll have to walk up to the counter and place your order.  We were greeted by a very nice and friendly lady - I ordered the 3-way combo- 3-sticks of pork BBQ, pancit, adobo and rice with atchara.  Hubs ordered the fried boneless bangus with garlic rice.  My order was plentiful - I realize then that my eyes are far bigger than my stomach.  Everything was really good and made to order.  Hubs reported that the bangus was really fresh and fried to perfection.  Our order cost less than $20 - what a bargain!  I really enjoyed watching the filipino channel - found out that "apl. de. ap." is one of the judges of the pinoy version of The Voice.  

                This place is fast and gives good portions. Did you see my picture. My friend on FB said it looks like a buffet.   We got the set meal, 4 PC bbq pork skewer, rice, adobo, 4 lumpia and pancit for $13+ tax. Enough for me and SO for lunch with 1.5 skewers left for dinner and all the adobo left. Just need to make some rice and we are good for another meal.   Quick service and good tasting food, yup, we'll be back.  

                The food is good I usually come here for their BBQ stick specials but if you try to ask for "extra" anything especially for take-out like extra condiments for example, the old lady who owns the place is very Greedy. Talk about cheap and BAD customer service! I don't like her attitude at all. I think customers should be able to get what they want since we are the ones supporting her business. Stop being shady. This place accepts cash only so come prepared. What makes the BBQ so good is their secret ingredient which is banana ketchup. I find that interesting.  

                I came and were greeted right away with a smile, very warm staff. I had the pork sinigang with rice. It was in a large bowl which makes the price worth it. The soup was very hot and very sour, just the way i like it. I had to wait a while that the guy before me got his order first, meaning they had to cook my soup fresh, not already in stock. I really enjoyed my sinigang. This place has been here since i was a kid but this is my first time here. I wasn't dissapointed.  

                This is totally old school. Solid food. Great prices. Four sticks , rice , pancit and lumpia. for $ 17.60 really. Feed three adults and one kid. and still have left overs , all I have to do is cook more rice. Hidden away behind 7/11 is the jewel of BBQ. New floors and better TV. Pansit is tasty and was devoured in a instant. Lumpia a blink of an eye. Bbq and adobo is left overs. But will not go to waste its that there was so much food. But come and eat.  

                Avoid this place!!! Wanted to order an one-item, got a tiny small plate of chosen meat and plain rice, which is different from shown on the board -- with veggies. I asked why there was no veggies, first the old lady said they forgot to give me, then she said no veggies for 1 - item plate!!! I ended up walking away and shared a generous teriyaki chicken plate with my husband from Tokyo grill next door.  

                Regular customer, our fave dish is the bbq pork sticks. Had some relatives visiting and decided to dine in, first time for me too as I usually take out. First time trying the mixed adobo, pancit and shaghai lumpias. The bbq pork sticks were the best dish. The owner, is always pleasant when I come here.  If you are craving filipino foods, give this place a try.  

                Come and get the big plate, it it enough for 2 people! All of the food is great and the owner is super friendly! She even remembered my friend from Reno who came in about 10 months ago.   Please support this place if you like good Filipino food!  

                Decided to come here again to see if the awesome food I had was a one-off. Today I had the munngo (mung beans with pork and bitter melon leaves). It also came with rice and a side of fried fish. I also ordered the chicharong bulaklak again (of course) Again, the food was delicious! The munngo was well seasoned, chock full of hearty pork pieces; the fish (I think pompano) was great and a nice added bonus; the bulaklak, again, was perfect!! Strongly recommend this place!!!  

                My family has been coming here for over 20 yrs now. Great food,our favorite is the pork bbq. Driving here from Fremont is worth our time, the owner is super friendly.  The price is great and generous on food, we always have left over to take home.  

                I love this place.. BBQ is always fresh. For hubs and I, food here is great. The people here are fantastic. I'd come here anytime if I'm craving for some BBQ. I tried one their new smoothie/shake and it was awesome. I personally thought is was real good. Purple yam with mango boba.. Yummy.. On my way home, I couldn't stop drinking it.. I wanted to save some for hubby to try. If you bite into the boba it pops in your mouth. As for parking if can be hard at times.. If you don't see any in the streets you will need to park in the parking lot that is shared with 7-Eleven and other stores/restaurant. Which sometimes gets filled up quick.  

                I really enjoy ordering from here! I usually just call in an order for an express meal and pick it up a few minutes later. Always tasty, and the owner is friendly.  

                This place has really good food.  I really enjoy the adobo, sinigang, lumpia and pancit.  The BBQ is good but maybe a lil sweet for me.  Oh yeah the garlic rice is yummy.  Btw, portions are huge and the owner is really nice.  Catered from here for our son's bday party!  Go eat here.  She cooks to orders so don' expect instantaneous food.  

                I was super excited to try this place out. That excitement dwindled before I could even get into the store.  The parking lot is a one way half moon type of parking lot, and the people that frequent this strip mall are beyond idiotic, rude, and inconsiderate. Newsflash, blonde girl in Jetta, you CANNOT stop int he middle of the one way parking and turn on  your hazard lights to get out and go to the damn Redbox. Yes, those cars that are backed up into the street actually wanted to get through. No, your hazard lights mean nothing.   And yes, Mr. Fast&Furious wannabe in his broken down rusted red Integra, making  your own parking spot in the tiny parking lot DOES hinder everyone else's ability to drive through said parking lot.   After managing to make my way through this sea of jerks, I ordered a huge plate with pork skewers, pork adobo, and lumpia. This was a massive amount of food. But, something was off. The bbq pork tasted... old. It was precooked, chopped into uniform pieces, and then finished on the grill. The pork was not very sweet, not very salty, and not very bbq flavored. I can't really put my finger on it. The texture was odd as well, reminiscent of being reheated after being fully cooked. It was past being fully cooked and having that fresh bbq pork bounciness, but before it started to become pulled pork or stewed pork. The pork adobo was fine, if a little dry.   The two ladies in the store were super nice and pleasant, and the store itself was very homey and slightly islandy. But the food overall was just off. It could be my own tastes, but I am not really a fan. It definitely can't make up for the parking lot.  BTW, NEVER park in the parking lot.  

                I've know auntie Nita for more than a decade. I've eaten and taken good to go. Tonight we decided to celebrate my bday. She was very accommodating and the food as always was awesome!  The price for the amount of food was amazing. Thank you for everything.  

                I've been going here since I was a teen. So almost 15 years now, damn I'm getting old! I can't beive I never wrote a review!Anyway this place is one of my FAVS! The food has not changed even after they remodeled (which some places have a tendency of doing). The people are soo nice treat you like family.   Now to the best part FOOD! Simple and amazing BB-Q sticks are Pork but delicious with that special red sauce they use. If you dont do pork get chicken. I get the combo of both it comes with rice and pansit (not sure I spelled that right, oh well) which I still over the years haven't acquired a taste for. Order a side of the little lumpia and call it a day! Don't be alarmed by the location or decor it is definitely worth the trip! I always take it to-go anyway!  

                Been coming here since I was in elementary school. Love the BBQ pork skewers and BBQ chicken. Only things I ever get. I actually prefer their food to the ever so popular Fil-Am Cuisine. I think it tastes better and there's less fat on the skewers. Feel me. Get on it.   TIP 1: Phone your orders in if you don't wanna wait. Takes about 15-20mins bc most items are made to order.  TIP 2: Cash only!  

                Came in here on a Sunday evening and met up with a few tumbleweeds. JK. The place was empty, but they were more than happy to help me and my to go needs.   I ordered the BBQ chicken and the beef steak and boy did I eat well that night.   The food was cooked great; the flavors reminded me of Fiesta Filipina circa 2002 (the good years).   I will def come here again to fix my filipino cravings.  

                Talk about hole in the wall!  But it's a hole in one as far as BBQ goes!  The s/o told me about this place as the s/o has been here before to order BBQ for work potlucks.  I'm always suspicious of hole in the wall Filipino spots but figured it's worth a shot, especially if the s/o liked it.  We tried them out for dinner one night and the lady helping us was way friendly.  They had a few combos that were reasonably priced.  We both ordered a combo plate and two sodas and it came out to just $20.00, not bad at all.  While waiting, it was cold as eff in the resto...they seriously needed to turn on the heater.  It made sense as to what Auntie was all bundle up looking like she was Tahoe bound.  It kind of felt like Tahoe cuz the resto got smokey too because of the BBQ.  But really, it was NBD, it's the food that counts, right?  So our food is ready and man, the portions are big.  The BBQ sticks I got were huge and were pretty deng delicious.  My combo also came with pork Adobo which was good, yeah, even better than my own Adobo!  The Pancit it also came with was pretty standard but fixed my craving.  The food got cold fast cuz it was cold in the resto, which is probably why were were the only ones eating in while everyone was taking theirs to go.  Overall, you'll get some good BBQ sticks here and other food, we'll definitely come back...for take out though!  

                Have been coming here for years (since the 80's).  Partial to the pork BBQ on a stick with rice.  Lumpia shanghai is pretty good too, but this place is known for the BBQ.  It's a hole in the wall, but the food is delicious.   The owner knows how to cook BBQ fo sho.  Giving this four stars since my "to-go" order was a disappointment.  The BBQ pork was over cooked and charred at the tips.  Yuck.  Nothing that a knife couldn't remove, but still, I don't want my BBQ pork on a stick, charred.  I was thinking of calling, but it was the first time in YEARS that I was disappointed.  If it happens again, then I'll have to say something.  

                Ate here in Fall 2012.  My mom and I shared the 4 piece bbq combo plate, which is your choice of bbq meats plus rice, pancit, 2 lumpia shanghai, pickled salad, and pork adobo for $13.95. We had leftovers!  Food was very tasty, bbq sweet, friendly service, and comfortable decor. I would love to go back when I'm in the area again.  They also serve many fresh smoothies like mango and avocado for $3.99, and melon (cantaloupe juice w/grated meat).  

                BBQ pork is delicious. Really tasty food, good service, a must go! I highly recommend it.  

                restaurants smells like bleach... table is fitly. food mediocre. will not go back place stink.  

                Best Filipino BBQ, bar none!  The sauce is what keeps me coming back, and I've known this place all of my life, ever since I was a kid.  No other BBQ comes close.  

                Best BBQ I've tasted.  Love going there.  I lived in Daly City all my life and this is the place I go to for Filipino food.  Love Lita who takes your order.  She is so friendly.  I am glad you can use your ATM now!  

                Overall It was just OK. I really enjoyed the Pork BBQ that I would totally order from here again and again. But the pork liempo was pretty disappointing it was more like slices of boneless kalbi but super thin and overcooked. Pancit bihon meh. Bangus was not so great either. Longanisa sub par. But Adobo was pretty good. So far of all the dishes I've tried I'd only order the Pork BBQ and the Adobo. Not bad. Place could do with a renovation or remodel someone call Robert Irvine of Restaurant Impossible lol they also need an actual menu that makes sense. Seems all over the place. Otherwise bbq and adobo alone I would have given them 4.5 stars!  

                I've been coming here since they open and every time was good.  Prices are reasonable and the owner lady is cordial.  

                Manila Express is one of those places I grew up in - with our weekend trips to the motherland - "Daly City"... Before I could chew on any sort of meat my mom would feed me Sinigang and Rice from a styrofoam cup :) - the thought of this still tantalizes my taste buds.   They always had a sort of dark feeling to the room because of the lighting and even a little cluttered sometimes. But it was probably the epitome of authentic, great filipino food. BBQ is a must try, you may find yourself inhaling the stuff.   This place can be a little hard to find since it is tucked away under some stairs. Parking can be a little hard, but hey, it's Daly City! I cannot wait until I come here again!  

                Just had lunch here earlier today.  I had time to kill while waiting for my dad at his medical appointment.  I drove around and the first sign I saw was for Manila Express and a Chinese restaurant inside a little plaza. I can have Chinese food anytime so I opted to try Manila Express. I ordered the 1 piece chicken meal with pancit and lumpia. I believe it was $6.95. The food came out fairly quickly and it was good amount of food for the price. I don't like rice and I wish I had asked for more noodles instead. ..I ended up wasting the rice. The only thing I didn't like about the place was the decor...it just looks so old and outdated, which makes me think it is dirty (but I'm sure it's not....just my head f***ING with me). I think they have the potential to be a 5 star restaurant if they do some serious remodeling. It might attract more customers too. I was the only customer there during lunch hour.  

                Large portions, taste great, cheap price.   What more could you ask for?  

                Been coming here since I was a preteen. My mom would get her haircut/color next door at Merla's and me and my sis would come here to eat with my dad.  I can sum it all up in 3 words:  Delicious, affordable, Friendly.  The BBQ stick combos are great. Heaping amounts of BBQ & pansit. I have to try the silog plates soon.   Minus one star cuz it does take a while for the food to cook so if i were you, call in before if you're getting takeout.  

                what i ordered... stewed squid and pork bbq  i've been to the area for year's and year's and never seen this restaurant. it was tucked inside a small rinky dinky alley of small shops. eatery was simple and the food were homemade and served it the way they do in Manila cafe's.  bbq pork was very good.... sweet, well cooked and fat was a little chard. stewed squid was good too but an acquired taste will only tell you so.  fyi! cash only  ambiance... bad (lost in time. really need to upgrade but the owner said she's almost on her way out, been running the place for over a quarter century) service... good (cashier/owner was very nice and chatty) cost... $ (fair)  

                Fast. Large portions. Good value. Heavy on the protein. Cheerful service. Clean.  Wifi and Power Plug are available.  

                I discovered this place because of Yelp!  I came here for the first time last week to place a to-go order.  It was around 11:20am and I was the only customer there.  I ordered 1 BBQ chicken combo (with rice, pancit, lumpia) and a side order of vegetable lumpia.  It was good!  The price I'd say is pretty decent because my box of food was overflowing.  BBQ was flavorful and not hard! The lady behind the counter was nice too.  I also think it's a good dine-in place because it is so clean!!!  The owner is also very nice and remembers faces! I also discovered that they sell shakes and sago't gulaman! Will try next time!  CASH ONLY!  

                My parents and I went here for a dinner, we ordered a bangus, barbecue pork and barbecue chicken while watching the The Filipino Channel, as if we are at home. We loved it, it was satisfying we will definitely come back.  

                This place has the absolute best Filipino BBQ in Daly City.  If you're familiar with Daly City, and the sheer number of Filipino restaurants in DC, then you know the claim of having the best Filipino BBQ is a big deal.  Ask people who have been living in DC for years, and everyone will tell you this place is at the top tier of Filipino BBQ.  I have never left this place disappointed.    Their Manila style palabok is excellent too.    I have lived in AZ for over 7 years now, and each and every time I go home to DC, I make it a point to have at least one meal at Manila Express.    The food is consistently excellent and is always at a fair price.  Don't go to or pass by DC without stopping by this place.  --------------------------------------------------­--  We went to the Bay Area over the holidays and I went back to Manila Express.  I was a little worried because some of the places I used to frequent when I was younger have been either closing down or just lacking flavor.  That was NOT the case at Manila Express..  We went in there, it was renovated.  It was so nice in there compared to how it was before.  Kudos to the owners.  The food was just as it was when I was a teenager.. EXCELLENT.    Even the lady that works there is the same woman that has worked there for decades.  I love seeing her beautiful face, because when I see her, she triggers my synapses and I have the feeling of  "Ahhh... everything is going to be ok." and I know I am in for a great meal.    I thank my lucky stars that Manila Express is not just as it was when I was a kid, but it's actually better.  

                I have been coming here since the '90's and I just love coming back here.  Ateh Dita (owner) is very nice.  She makes it very homey for me and my family.  I love her bbq's, pansit and lumpia.  Everything about this place is just wonderful.    I highly recommend anyone to come here especially if you want to eat some Filipino foods.  The price is reasonable and you won't regret it for trying it here.  Thank you Ateh Dita for great service and hoping you'll be around for a very long time.  

