                It's starting to feel a lot like Christmas!  Like many Chinese people, my family and I was excited by the fact that Ma's Restaurant was open on Christmas eve.   The wait took about 15 minutes and there was only one party who came before us.  We ordered what we usually order: the seafood warm pot, vegetarian chow mein, green onion lamb, fermented veggies with tofu skin, and the sesame bread.  If I were to rank the dishes from best to worst it would look something like this: seafood warm pot, green onion lamb, fermented veggies with tofu skin, and the sesame bread.   With good company, and jovial spirits, the night passed without a hitch.  

                We had dinner at Ma's last night. The Lamb Curry which was very good!  I wasn't too crazy about the chicken salad but my wife thought it was good.  I think there was horseradish in the dressing which isn't my fav.  The mixed vegetables were ok.  Others spoke about the service. My take on the service at places like this is...don't come expecting great customer service, if you do you will be disappointed.  Personally I go for the food not the service!  The wait staff was efficient and those guys were hustling like crazy on a busy night.  That impresses much more than a talkative wait person.  If you want to be catered to then choose a fancy place.  We'll be back for sure to try other menu items!    I suggest you give it a try!!  

                seriously disappointed after my second visit.  the first time I went, we ordered the green onion lamb and green onion pancakes which were just out of this world delicious! On our second visit, I ordered the same but they didn't taste even close to the first ones! I don't like such hit and miss places.   We also ordered the kung pao chicken which was OK. And sesame bread which was fine too. but the fried calamari was really really bad. Their squid chunks were massive and there was not enough coating so it made it impossible for me to eat the squid but perhaps it works for squid fans. not for me though..  will not be going there again.  

                No no no. I couldn't believe how atrocious the food was in this restaurant. I came here once and it was mediocre but this particular experience can not be forgiven. First of all, this is a Chinese restaurant so I come here specifically for the food and not for any great service. So just as I expected, the service was straightforward and even a little rude when we were ordering. When ever we asked for something, they wouldn't confirm whether they heard it or not and because there wasn't many people eating there, the waiters kind of just hung around amongst themselves, making it difficult to get their attention.   But this isn't what ruined the night. What did it for me was the layered sesame pancake that was way too overcooked and crunchy on the outside but underdone in the inside. The inside tasted bitter and mushy. The mixed seafood and meat noodles had a broth that was extremely salty. It also irks me when a restaurant fails to devein a shrimp properly. I could clearly dark intestine lining the back of the shrimp. The only thing that I had nothing to complain about was the lamb fried rice and the salted peanuts that we were given in the beginning of the meal.  

                We just came here for lunch....and what a pretty unpleasant experience. This is not how anyone's Ma's food should be.  Allow me to list the problems:  (1) We ordered a hot & sour soup...and there were EGGSHELLS in the soup....not a few, but WHOLE eggshells...  (2) While we did get a replacement bowl for the Hot & Sour soup, the entire bowl was ridiculously salty.  (3) Three dishes were delivered to our table incorrectly--granted yes, it got extremely busy, but if you're going to run a fast-paced restaurant in San Jose...you shouldn't be messing up orders :(  I think the only bright light at the end of the tunnel here is that there's unlimited ice cream.  Not going to come here again. If I could give a half star...I'd give this place 0.5 stars.  

                Christmas Day, what a great place/time to celebrate with family! I love that the signs outside reads: Islamic cuisine, Muslim Chinese cuisine. Alright!! The place was happy and the waitstaff were busy but efficient & courteous. Dining: We liked the Mongolian Beef and the Beef Chow Fun (black bean gravy sauce).  They also have a soft serve ice cream machine for customers to help themselves which is fun for all ages (I think they only served vanilla).  

                I would like to come to this restaurant one reason is love their spicy seafood noodles soup, another reason is they have free ice cream. Haha....  

                I love Ma's for the following items:  Their "knife cut" chow mein noodles w/ whichever meat. Shian Bing (chinese hamburgers) Lamb and green onions House Egg Fu-Yung Dry sauteed green beans Seafood fried rice. free soft serve ice cream  Things i've tried that were OK but not bad are the beef noodle soup (broth wasn't rich enough for my taste), green onion beef roll (not bad), General Tso's chicken.   If you're a fan of any of the upper menu items i listed give this place a try, solid quality.  They're always busy for dinner which is also a good sign.  

                Came here a couple of nights ago to celebrate my friend's birthday.  Just being there like each time before, totally made me miss ma's.  They take my reservations over the phone, and there was still some seating left when we got there a little after 7.    You walk in, and place your orders at the cashier, then they write down your name on the waiting list and you choose wherever you want to sit.  The food was delicious! We ordered honey walnut shrimp, that was amazing! The orange chicken is out of this world! Suechuan beef - needs to be crunchier. Yellow Noodle with Veggies - really good & saucy. My favorites are hot pepper shrimp, general tao chicken, honey walnut shrimp and house special fried rice. My room mate and I are regular at this place.   Fast service, Very friendly server. The service here is excellent when you are dining in. All the server are like a family when they are running, and they are very nice and accommodating.  I lived in this location for six years, ma's has been a part of me just like your memory of childhood. I think it was some of the best Chinese food I've ever had. The free icecream was also very good. If you live in san jose north and you're looking for some good Chinese food, then I suggest you come here.  

                Best Muslim-style Chinese restaurant in my book! And the wait is much shorter than Darda in Milpitas. My family lives in China/Taiwan where good Chinese restaurants are obviously everywhere. But every time they visit the bay area, they make me take them here at least a few times. Some of my favorites are their sesame pancakes (I always ask for extra green onions; thin and thick cuts are both excellent), lamb with pickled cabbage, lamb hotpot, the cold bean noodle with chicken and mustard sauce, hand shaven noodle, house special mushu with eggs...just to name a few.  

                Ma's is one of the best Chinese restaurants in San Jose.   Here's a few items we always get: sea bass steamed, ma po tofu, cumin lamb and sour lamb soup.   I like food better at this location than the Cupertino one, but the Cupertino is closer and newer.  

                The waiter is so bad. especially a tall guy.  We were talking about the Universities in US. He jumped out and argue with us which one is the best one in all the UC universities.  

                This is Muslim-mandarin cuisine restaurant.   The place has lots of tables for the space they have. It's pretty busy and so the waiters are usually dashing around everywhere.   Popular dishes include da bing (sesame scallion bread), spicy fish sauce/soup, and a sour cabbage soup with glass noodles. Out of these, the da bing is definitely worth trying. The bread is thick, fluffy and full of scallion flavor. The spicy fish sauce is also great to mix with your rice to amp up the flavor of the plain rice.   As something to munch on when you first come, they give you a bowl of salted peanuts. These actually taste pretty good.   At the end, they give each guest a complimentary trip to the soft serve machine to get some vanilla ice cream. You can get as little or as much as you want, as long as you can fit it in one cone. The soft serve is cold yet so smooth and soft - definitely worth saving some stomach room for.   Service: overall because it's so busy, the waiters are usually not attentive. Make sure you call them by waving your hand in the air and making eye contact if you need something. It can get annoying, but if you want more food or your water to get refilled you should do it anyways.   They are consistently good with their food so I would recommend the place if you're looking for some classic Chinese food.  

                On a return visit, Ken L. and I came right when opened for lunch. They were definitely not ready. While we were first to order, it seemed like we were the last table to get food and even then they got our order wrong. While the food is still good, I'm taking a star off in this updated review for our last visit there.  

                Been here a few times. The food is great, but the service can be hit or miss, especially during the lunch rush. The hot and sour soup is perfect, and the only thing bad about it is that now hot and sour soup anywhere else just doesn't taste right.   The lunch specials are cheap but definitely enough food. I've had the Mongolian beef and lamb, chicken with spicy garlic sauce, kung pao chicken and general tao chicken, and they're all good, just depends on your mood. Chicken with spicy garlic sauce is pretty spicy, and kung pao chicken is a bit spicy, but not bad at all.  

                Definitely get the cumin lamb if you come here. My mother has been here a couple times and she says its the best dish on the menu. The lamb is thinly sliced and flavored with cumin and stir fried with green peppers, green onions. Delicious!  Other dishes we tried were the curry prawns and chicken fried rice which were also good. I also like how the waiters are very friendly and the portions are very big. We had 4 people and we ordered 3 lamb skewers, 2 dishes, and fried rice and this was plenty for us.  Another plus is they give you free ice cream!  

                My husband and I ordered take out here. We called ahead and they said our food would be ready in 15 minutes. The plaza was packed but we lucked out and got front row parking.   We got there in about 10 minutes and the front of the house employee was so friendly. He apologized that our food was not ready, but we were early so we had no problems. The place was packed! There were people of all different ages (families, couples, groups). We got our food about 1 minute after our arrival and the employee was so nice and thanked us for being patient.  We ate hot and sour soup, beef and broccoli, veggie chow mein and potstickers. Everything was delicious! I particularly liked the potstickers and chow mein.   I can't wait to return and try something else.  

                Horrible service: We were a group of 9, when ordered food the waiter suggested to order more for a large group, so we ordered 1 more but he kept on insisting to order more. We somehow resisted. In the end we had plenty unwanted leftovers. While we were finishing up they started cleaning all around us, it was just past their closing time. The waiter started cleaning our table. He took my water glass away, I told him I'm using it amd need more water, very rudely he said "we are closed". I was appalled,  and he did it again when I asked in disbelief. I will never go there again, food is hit/miss anyways, depends on what you order, sometimes its salty. The service is beyond horrible,  I will strongly recommend that you skip this place.  

                Pros: - handmade noodles has a great texture. - friendly female cashier & helpful tall waiter. - assorted veggies & beef was pretty good. - Offers free icecream cones, not sure if it's good, didn't try it.  Cons: - 1 short unfriendly male staff who told us sternly that credit cards are only allowed for $25 & up, and I saw someone using credit card for $8 take out. (We spent $23 but didn't argue in case we got the nice cashier into trouble). - pickled veggies & lamb broth was wayyyyyy too sour. Lamb was good though. - The same short waiter pretty much snatched my high chair away, after I lifted my toddler up to dust him, WITHOUT ASKING.  

                Chinese Muslim.  Not a cuisine you see or hear about every day, but I was lucky enough to try some of their signature dishes when family chose their take out for our weekend get-together.  I've had Muslim cuisine before and remember it featuring stews and lamb dishes.  The signature items at Ma's includes these dishes and portion sizes are both generous and satisfying during colder weather.  Sesame Bread with Green Onions - it's reminiscent of a green onion pancake but with more dough and almost twice the size as expected for an order.  It's sliced into pieces and is actually quite tasty and flavorful.  It really works well with the soups and warm pots.  Lamb with Pickled Vegetables Warm Pot - another very generous portion size double the typical restaurant soup pot.  It includes vermicelli noodles, slices of lamb and pickled cabbage.  The broth is clear but a touch tangy from the pickled cabbage and does warm you up.  Lamb with Green Onions - a bit spicy and another lamb dish.  It actually isn't gamey at all and looks very much like beef stir fried with green onions.  Ok dish.  Dry Sauteed String Beans - again, very much like other Chinese renditions of sauteed string beans, albeit the sauce is much more flavorful and a touch spicy.  It reminds me of Sichuan or Beijing cuisine.  Lamb Kebabs - overall disappointing.  Small pieces of lamb are skewered and marinated on a grill.  The flavor isn't anything special and I would have hoped for better quality lamb meat.  The Xinjiang kebabs I've had at Fey (Menlo Park) are worlds better.  Overall, I enjoyed the food here.  It's different (especially the signature dishes) than what you'd find at many Chinese restaurants and the lamb is overall prepared well in the Warm Pot.  If you're looking to try a cuisine a bit more novel and that is very hearty and generous in size and heat, look to Ma's.  

                I go here for the beef noodle when my bf is craving for it, it's not the best but I enjoy it on cold evening. Yes, this place isn't the cleanest but the sad truth is all "hole in the wall" restaurants are dirty (even some of the upscale places are dirty too).  So either don't think about it or go somewhere else.   All of their Dumplings- flavorless, skip it! Beef dishes- hit or miss, so I don't bother ordering it any of them anymore.  Green onion pancake-basic and good Sesame bread- not my cup of tea but I know people that love  Overall- it's not for me but lots of people like it.   2 stars - meaning, I would dine here if whomever (friends, family, bf) I am with wants too; otherwise, I would skip this place.  

                The lamb dishes are good. We had yangza soup and garlic lamb. The lamb is tender, no exotic smell. The sesame bread was ok. I like the crispy thick sesame skin and soft bread inside. But the flavor could be enhanced with some cumin! A big suggestion! For the Daoxiao noodle, I'm a fan of the thick noodle, but not the soup, need to add some flavor.   We came in 30min before the closing time. The waiters kicked us out. Hope that won't happen again.  

                Can't go wrong with the Chicken fried rice!!!   it's a bit pricey but I guess you got to pay more for quality food.  Can get pretty busy during lunch..    they could of done better with the egg rolls.  

                This is our second time coming to the restaurant. We ordered five dishes: big sesame onion bread (excellent), Mongolian beef (good), lamb chow mein (good), lamb soup (very good), and a vegetable dish (very fresh).   The waitress took us (party of 4) to a round table with 6 seats.  Since two of us have hearing problem, we decided to close down the four leaves to change the round table to a regular square table.  So that we could sit closer and did not have to shout at each other while talking. A waiter came over and sternly told us "not to change the table setting".  I thought he should have said "can I help and accommdate you". Oh no, rudely he added, "don't do it again with your next visit."    Well, we drove across the USA from Pa to visit Ca.  In addition we came all the way from Los Angeles and met my relatives who drove down from San Francisco to eat in this restaurant located in San Jose.  I could have given 4 stars for the dishes which are all good. But I downgraded it to 2 stars because of the rude service.  We will go someplace else for our next visit.  It is not worth the drive :(  

                Very poor service, I called to find out information on having a large group dinner party and I couldn't understand the man and he hung up on me.  What poor customer service  

                This place is my favorite Chinese food restaurant! I just love the Hot sour soup!!! infact all the food here is delicous!  I posted my pictures from tonights meal and it was MMM GOOD!  

                This is an OK Northern Chinese food restaurant. I used to order food from here very often.  Their noodles and lamb are good in the northern Chinese point of view.  The service is not that good. The waiters are not helpful.  

                This was one of my favorites until I got a roach in my lunch special. I ordered the chicken spicy garlic sauce with the brown rice, which was my favorite. I was spooning the sauce into my rice and as I stirred the rice I saw a dark brown bug, turned it over and saw what looks like a roach.  So grossed out right now.  I called them and although the gentleman on the phone was very apologetic and offered me a new dish and my refund. I don't think I can eat there again, my whole office was pretty grossed out over this.  I suggested he check his kitchen and where he keeps his rice.  So grossed out right now.  

                I haven't had Chinese Islamic food in years, so it was nice discovering there was a potential gem like this in San Jose!  I ordered the zhajiangmian with "dough cut" aka knife cut noodles as well as the sesame pancake, which I remember ordering the last time I ate this kind of food and loving. For the zhajiangmian I was expecting a stronger flavor sauce, but it was still good. The dough cut noodles were nice and chewy, and I would've enjoyed them in a noodle soup! In retrospect, the thinner hand roll noodles would've been a better alternative for this dish.   The sesame pancake was amazing! Crispy sesame-laden crust with a soft, fluffy interior fresh from the oven. Delish!  My friend ordered the lamb and pickled cabbage noodle soup. The noodles were great and so was the lamb, but the soup itself was just way too sour... and I generally like sour soups. It pretty much overpowered his entire bowl.  I'd say the star of the show was the sesame pancakes, everything else was either okay (zhajiangmian) or... worse (lamb noodle soup). However, pricing was fair and portions were huge.  If you're paying by card there's a hidden $25 minimum per card! Just a heads up 'cause we were definitely caught by surprise...  

                Worst xiao long bao everrrr... Right when they landed on the table, there was a horrible smell. That's when I should have walked out, but no... I thought to give it a chance. But I was wrong to do so. As soon as they entered my mouth, I wanted to throw up. Very stale and dry... A huge disappointment. Gross.  Best thing we had was the sour soup. Won't be coming back.  

                Delicious and authentic. Just like my Ma's cookin.  Plenty of dishes like broccoli beef and orange chicken to appease your less adventurous non-Asian friends. But plenty of authentic dishes like the oxtail soup and cold beef tendon to appease your adventurous friends.  

                i am always taking out food from Mas. I can order by the phone. The food would be ready very fast. The lady in the front was very patiently and enthusiasm. My kids love their food more than me, because they serve excellent sweets entree. They like the orange chicken,lemon chicken the dough sliced noodles and sweat and sour prawns.  For dinning, i will definitely get sesame bread, lamb spicy garlic sauce, steamed sea bass  and the warm pot over there. They are serving big portion. the service is great. Those guys are working hard. If there is 6 star, I would give them more than 6.  

                I've probably tried a 1/3 of the menu, and everything is delicious and authentic Chinese Muslim food.   Classics like hot pot and sesame bread are always great. The beef dishes are also all exceptionally flavorful. Can't remember the name, but I recently tried a tofu dish wrapped in a thin layer of egg that was amazing! They have a nice touch with a complimentary soft serve machine to finish your meal!  

                fantastic, WOW so delious food. Excellent service,amazing food and reasonable price's highly recomended  

                The service is good, but the food is a nightmare. I really don't understand how they keep the chief.  

                Lamb skewer stink, and taste very sour. Also the waiter mistakenly made lamb order instead of beef  

                The staff is very friendly and very hospitable,  you can tell that they really care about their guests.  They work very fast and very friendly.  I ordered the Mongolian beef and the vegetables and meat was very tender and seasoned very well.  They even have free ice cream cones for children.  This place is very good and do not pay attention to the morons below that have given this place less than the stars that it truly deserves.  The best Chinese restaurant in the San jose.  

                I've been to Mas Restaurant three times already,and they never disappointed me. Halal fresh food,nice service,free ice cream cone for dessert~ I always get honey walnut prawns and house special fried rice that is soooooo gooood. Highly recommend！  

                This place is pretty average to me. The food is okay but they don't have many tofu or appealing veggie dishes. I think I may also not be ordering the "good stuff". The free soft serve ice cream is nice though and even during the busy lunch rush, the food comes out quickly and the service is good. Lunch special also comes with a little soup and a pot of rice for the table.   Also no pork here. I've heard its because the owners are Muslim.  

                This is a amazing place for some terrific Chinese food. Very authentic, the Hunan Beef is awesome.  Tony is the best waiter,  always remembers us and is absolutely excited to see us when we arrive.  

