                Panaderia AYAYAY! Besos galletitas rojo y amarillo are always my fave here, particularly rojo. My other fave, their Licuado de Mango , I could go on for days, or I could say get over here and put it in your face! My family favorites: Reganadas, Choco flan, torta Cubana, and since I'm veggie I get torta de Queso --hella queso and it's fresh, I'm not used to something so fresh being so cheap. I swear they have an avocado tree in there and they put the entire thing in your torta. If ghetto fabulous scares you, come at sunrise, it's calmer. If you see a line it moves quickly and use espanol for even faster results. Order at the register, they give you number, they call it out in Spanish too. By the way did I say Licuado de Mango? 5stars  (667)  

                One word:  DELICIOSO!  Their tortas are meaty, flavorful and huge!  My friend and I come here and we share a torta.   We are definitely a fan of this place!  Ladies, please don't come here alone at night!  It's not in the safest neighborhood of East SJ.  

                Tortas tortas everywhere.  This is the place to get your tortoas.  Meat and all the fixings is what you'll expect here.  Verdict:  carna asada was really tough here contrary to other reviews.  Or maybe it was because I ordered the carna asada in the evening.  Beef tends to dry over the course of the day. The chicken was moist and probably the best bet here. I was expecting more from the cheese piece in the sandwich.  It was a little dry here and less cheesy flavors for my taste.  The one thing I like about this place is there large poriton.  You will feel stuffed after the meal.  Overall, I'd choose chicken.  

                OMG. Perfection. Heavenly. Goodness. Drools. Their torta sandwiches are to die for!!! Everytime I come in here there is a long ass line and I can see why. OMG their sandwiches are so freakin good and its packed with hella meat. So far I tried steak, milanesa, pork, and chicken. Each one was hella good to the last bite. I can't believe it took me so long to discover and finally try this place. I am in love with their torta sandwiches and it will probably be a while until I get sick of it. I recommend eating it right away cuz it will get soggy later. I love avocado which is another plus. I keep forgetting to tell them no jalapeños. Overall, their sandwiches are the bomb and its $7 each for the regular ones and $7.50 for the comb ones.  I've only tried two pastries so far. The tres leche was pretty good. I didn't like the slice of peach on it. Seemed old. But the cake was overall good. I also tried another pastry but I don't know what's it called and I didn't take a picture. I thought it was a cannoli but it wasn't lol. Whatever it was, it was hella good!!! It was filled with custard and when I reached the end I was like aww no more custard but the last bite surprised me with custard! Made me super happy!  It would be helpful to learn your Spanish or at least know your numbers in Spanish lol. Everytime I come here there is a language barrier either ordering my food or picking up my food lol. I make it through each time though but it's definitely a big hurdle. It would be nice if everyone spoke fluent English but they don't really need to cuz they are in the east side where they have a lot of Spanish speaking customers. So my tip is learn some Spanish or at least know your numbers lol.  I wish there were labels on the desserts because everything looks soooo good and tasty but I don't know what's it called! I only know tres leche so I guess for now I will just have to point lol. That's if there is no crowd blocking my view lol. I love this place as much as I love Porto's. I hope they have a cheese roll or similar cuz the would be amazing!!!  Overall I LOVE this place and the food is hella good!!! All the torta sandwiches and baked goods are mouth watering and delicious!!! Sometimes they even give out free samples so that's cool. They take card!!!  

                Solid sandwiches are made here. I came one time when I was starving, ordered an Azada and promptly began devouring my meal. I made noises throughout my experience. Good noises...the slightly embarrassing but exceptionally memorable kind. As a young male with a bottomless stomach I was quite satisfied.   So far I've had the milanesa and azada and thoroughly enjoyed them both. Generous amount of meat is given, resulting in a pleasantly mild food coma. This place hits the spot!  

                This place is pretty good. Their pan dulce are pretty good but taste a little stale to me. Their tortas are HUGE! Unless you're expecting a huge meal it's probably best to share one. The fixings in the torta were too large for my taste, they literally left a quarter of an avocado in. I had to pull it out, chop it up, and put it back in.  

                5 stars.  This place keeps surprising me. I figured since they make a large variety of baked goods and sandwhiches and cakes that I would sooner or later not like something I order. WRONG. I love everything I've ever ordered from here.   Their apple fritters are delicious and provide the right amount of crunch. Their fruit tarts are made with fresh fruit and the custard is sooo good. I tried the Torta Milenesa and Cubana. Both were packed with quality ingrediants. I do prefer the Milenesa over the Cubana however. The Milenesa reminds me of my childhood even though I am not Mexican.  I used to eat something very similar as a child. All their pan dulce are great but the concha remains a staple favorite!  Final Thought: This place is not helping with my weight loss.  

                It was alright...HAHA just kidding. Look, hands down, this takes the crown for the best bakery in the entire south bay. Maybe it can go against some power house bakeries in the whole bay area. However, this family own bakery is top notch. It may not look grand compared to some but walking inside, I just felt like I was home.   Tonight I came in for the first time and I was just in awe with the MANY varieties of pastries, donuts, and options of cakes. I had yet to look at the full menu with the tortas.   Other than that, one of the cool things I saw was the prep and baking area. I believe I saw the father? (elderly man) cutting into the dough and prepping. I mean you must love what you do if you're prepping this late at that age and I saw it pouring out of his body. Lastly, I think with the neon lights adds that "home" ambiance. All in all, this is a go to joint for all who are and passes by this area.  

                Coming from someone who doesn't eat or prefer much mexican food...I've got to say, I think Mexico Bakery might be the best that I've had (just behind La Vic's).   Mexico Bakery is pretty freakin' bomb.    Note: - HUGE delicious tortas (girls can prob only eat half)  - SO messy (like with any sandwich, the messier it is, the tastier it is) - Milanese is better than Cubana (because I like fried steak more)   You must definitely order the Milanese!   4.5 stars is about right.  I may want to go back for more! (and this is very weird coming from me)  

                Good value.  Authentic flavors.  Be sure you speak Spanish.  The tortas here are as good as it gets.  Seven bucks will get you enough caloric intake for the week.    PROTIP:  Try their fresh squeezed orange juice.  

                It's not just any Mexico bakery. It is THE Mexico Bakery like no others.  You will understand once you tried their torta. There are so many variations to choose from. But really. Just any one would do. If you have no idea what their Mexican torta looks like, think of it as a glorified version of a burger with the boring patty replaced with 5-6 different kinds of proteins, and the tasteless lettuce replaced by 3-4 kinds of veggies. Yes, it is humongous. So... Very... Satisfying.  

                HANDS DOWN THE MOST MEDIOCRE TORTA EVER EVER EVERRRR IN EXISTENCE  I really hate to piss in someone's Cheerios -and sincere apologies to the person who wrote that line- but that (in)exact phrase has been gracing the home page of Yelp as the Number *ONE* restaurant in San Jose for as long as I can remember; with a 4.5-star average and over 500 reviews it seems like a solid choice. Oddly enough, though, I've worked in East San José (ESJ) for many years and have coworkers that live in ESJ but yet none of us had ever heard of these (in)famous Tortas at Mexico Bakery (MB). Has there been a hidden gem right under our noses all this time? Well, my coworkers and I intended to find out. For your reading pleasure I've called upon another rendition of my "The Good, The Bad & The Ugly":  The Good: The bread had a nice crunch and didn't overwhelm the Torta like a lot of Torta breads are known to do.  I love how generous MB is with all the meat and toppings; especially the Avocado. Great value at a little over $6/Torta, and they can easily be shared by two people.  The Bad: While generous in toppings and high in value the Tortas -as a whole- lacked that little thing known as flavor. MB is the age-old food argument of Quantity vs. Quality and, in MB's case, Quantity wins by TKO. The meat is tough, chewy and lacked any taste. All three of us were looking around for a bottle of Hot Sauce, or some Salsa, to perk the Torta up, but alas and alack no salvation was in sight.   The Ugly: MB's location puts the "Ghetto" in Ghetto-Fabulous; from the throng of day laborers staring you down as you walk across the parking lot, to the shit-stain in a Seahawks hat walking in and having the audacity to ask me for money as I choked down my lunch. He's lucky this is the kinder, gentler me or I'd have given him more than a donation ten years ago.  While I appreciate the enthusiasm of the writer of that ignominious phrase and the multitudes of MB fans, I really feel like they are so enamored with the price and the sheer size of the Torta that they're willing to forgive it's lack of palitibility. I've seen this before, and I'm sure this won't be last time I run across a situation like this. If I ever come back to MB I will be sure to have a bottle of La Vic's Orange Sauce with me.  

                Wow, the Cuban torta brought back memories when I was dirt poor trying to pay rent and tuition.  I would walk into Super K what now is Walmart and buy the cheapest stuff to survive.   Cuban torta is full of this stuff, from the hotdog to the chorizo.  I took four bites and I was like, why am I eating this?  Your not that poor kid anymore, you don't need to do this to yourself.  What would your doctor think?  This torta is full of sodium.     The people here are nice.  They deserve a star for that.  The torta doesn't even get a star.  Mexican Bakery is located in the same plaza as Home Depot so parking is plentiful.  High density area, so drive a little carful. I have to say, the quantity of the torta is out this world, it's gigantic.  The quality is less to be desire.  

                I love tortas. And this place makes the best. I got the milanese and cubano. The milanese steak was tender and lightly fried to melt in your mouth with a bit of chew. the avocado slices are hefty and egg and cheeses were fresh and hearty. the cubano was good but not great due to the hefty piece of ham than took a while to chew off. Milanese all the way! The bread was fresh, light but strong. It held all the heavy innards together. i would come back to this place again and order the milanese with no hesitation.  

                OMG these sandwiches are the bomb! I totally didn't expect that from a bakery. I had the milanesa. So good!!!! The milanesa contains a thin, lightly breaded piece of meat with onions, avocado, jalapeño, queso, and tomatoes. It's a flavor explosion in your mouth. There is also some sauce in there that is just right -- not overwhelming the other ingredients and not skimpy either. The bread is nice and crispy and portions are huge. I was soo full eating just half a sandwich.  I definitely want some more.  

                wow san jose yelpers..you did not dissapoint.  I was at home depot, because thats what real men do..home depot stuff. I was hungry and finally thought to try this place because I had it bookmarked FOREVER.   This place is near a little ceasers and the homie outside was selling the latest and greatest in illegal dvds. $4 for one he said and 3 for $10. I politely declined.  Once walking in we saw 6 people sitting down eating..all MASSIVE tortas. I asked the lady what was the best torta sandwich. She said that the Azada and Milanesa were very popular. She then told me I can get a combo of both. I said WHY NOT!?!??!  Got it to go with choco flan..im a sucker for flan...  Once getting home unwrapping this huge massive sandwich infront of my brother we were surprised how dense this thing was. The meats were pretty tender and the avocado was fresh. Really enjoyed the fresca cheese and the jalapenos inside. The poor bread, which tasted great also, had no chance holding this massive sandwich together.   I finished half and had to save room for my choco flan. This choco flan was HELLA good. i mean norcal HELLA HELLA HELLA good. The chocolate cake is moist and fluffy but not too sweet and the flan was made to perfection. They had so many other baked goodies I will have to come back and try them. Real deal Holyfield right hurrr...  

                We had breakfast one of the mornings in the cafe while on honeymoon, beautiful little place, eggs and bacon were very tasty.  

                You know how you walk into a Japanese or Chinese restaurant and see the same ethnicity people eating the food, so it MUST be authentic? That's how we felt walking into this place.. so we knew we were in for a treat. The lines were long when we got there and long when we left. So the bakery has high turnover on their ingredients.   Torta milanesa rocked it.. Although I had to share, my boyfriend was nice enough to let me choose. The tortas here huge! So I highly recommend to split your order. Unless you have a huge appetite, you can order a couple to try and split between the group. My friend suggested the Oaxacaqueno tamales but we had already left.. or else I would have ordered one to taste!  Must come back and try everything else on their menu!  

                I stop at this place to try out. The serving size is huge $7 for tortas. The place has good coffee. However with the rave reviews this place does stand out in san jose. The line wasnt too to get to the front. They do keep the store clean and unlimited opinions what to get here. This place gets the rate of 3. They need more to the store. The frist thing they need to do is updated the decor. It is 2014 there should be wifi . They need to add fries to menu and maybe littie grilled cheese for kids. The only saving grace is every thing is fresh. Cash or card is a plus. The food is good = spend $$  

                You know this place is the shiznit when all the "local" people gather here on a Sat night to get their grub on.   Steak torta - out of this world. Ginormous sandwich portions with a TON of guac and I mean a ton.   Great pastry selection - so much to offer. Open until late and accepts card.  

                What are you doing right now? It's definitely not as important as busting tail over to Mexico Bakery if you've never gone.  Yelp has been the guiding light to these Meccas of food, and Mexico Bakery stands proud. I looked at the menu (I know nothing, I took French in high school) and simply ordered their highlighted option, the infamous Torta Cubana.  Damn.  The sandwich was huge, stacked with egg, avocado, meat, cheese, jalapeños, the works. But the taste was out of this world, a taste that could make a distinguished critic stop and say "Well, I'll be." (I'm not that critic). Massive for the $7.57 I paid, it would have been sufficient for two people but I couldn't take it home so I just wolfed down the second half. Mexico Bakery is a must for your life, you can bet on it. Cheers.  

                The caramel flan was really good.The Cuban sandwich was good, not great. I want to try out the other sandwiches specially the carne asada and the other desserts too!  

                TORTAS!!! Nom, nom, nom!   I am definitely a fan of this place. One of my favorite Torta places is La Torta in San Diego. They specialize in...take a guess....TORTAS! La Torta is the first place that comes to mind when I think of Torta's, their selection and the food itself is out of this world.   I would say Mexico Bakery is a good contender for second. The Torta's here are huge. Apart from the generous portions all the ingredients tasted fresh. The tomatoes, avocados and even the bread. I got to try three of them today, Milanesa, Cubana and Azada. I am happy to say that none of them were disappointing!    Then there are the rest of the goodies in the store, the lines can get quite long, but they move along fairly quickly. I also ended up getting a Custard Horn, Mango Flan and a Chocolate Flan cake.....YUM! None of the desserts were overly sweet. They were just so very well balanced and the chocolate tasted like it was genuine Coca, or maybe a decent bittersweet dark chocolate. I just wish this place had more seating and was in a slightly better location. It can be a bit challenging to order, I got the impression that the entire staff speaks broken English or very little English. The selection of baked goods here is immense, can't wait to try all of them!  

                Overhyped and overrated! Tried their infamous tortas and albeit they were HUMUNGOUS, they were not at all appetizing!   We tried the cubana and the carne asada. First off, the bread was mushy, flat, and almost non-existent. Secondly, the meats were plentiful, but they did not taste good at all. Especially the cubana--what was I even eating? Hot dog? Eggs? Bologna? A combination of everything with avocado, tomatoes, and lettuce? How do you even call that good? It's something people wouldn't even feed their dogs! Okay, I am being harsh with the latter, but you get the gist! Lastly, I felt super gross after eating the torta and I didn't even finish one full serving. It's all about quality over quantity in my book, so this place isn't for me. Haven't tried their bakery items though, but ehh...pass!  

                This place is awesome. I've actually only tried the tortas, but I've had probably dozens of them and they're all ridiculously delicious.   As for some other reviews regarding their inability to speak English, untrue. I speak Spanish but have never had to in there. Besides, saying "One torta milanesa" doesn't really require extensive Spanish skills anyway.   I'll be back for more tortas, and that right quick. If I hadn't JUST eaten, I'd be driving there right now.  

                BEST TORTAS IN TOWN!  The wait is really long though. It took me 20 minutes to get two tortas de asada. These beasts are packed with meat and are cooked so tenderly with a large chunk of queso fresco, fresh avocado, tomato, onions, and jalapeños. Whenever I come home from Davis. I try to come here but expect long lines since their bakery bread is also delicious.  this is a must try spot in San Jose  They do take card at no charge! Oh hey!!!  

                Like most folks, I mainly come here for the tortas (carne asada, specifically). One torta is good enough for two people. The meat isn't seasoned very well and often is a bit rough and/or fatty, but the price makes up for it. The bread on the torta is probably the best part. I wish they would sell those out front!  As for their pandulce, they're pretty good. I've tried a few of their pastries and their choco flan. The choco flan is very rich and dense and is big enough for 2 people.  

                Yum..I mean Yum. This is the second Torta I ever had and guess what it's the best TORTA in the world. ..well the best TORTA i've had in San Jose.  I don't think their would be a place that could match the sheer size of this massive sandwich.   I almost don't want to give it any stars because i'd like to keep this place a secret...due to the fact that the line wraps around the building for lunch.  The Asada torta is massive and full up yum yum yumminess.   Their really isn't any space in the bakery to eat, the line of people crowd it so much it makes it a bit unpleasant.  The nice thing about this place, while we wait for our food or in line, a happy fella comes out and feeds you free bakery goods.  If you noticed, I don't give places five stars very often.  This place hits my mark though, price, services, food, taste and value.  I love it, and I will come back... but don't go here because I don't want to wait in line. kidding. Enjoy and help this place succeed, buy your huge torta and enjoy.  

                I hate it when I inhale my food and wasn't able to enjoy the food because I ate it so fast... a definite recurring pattern for me.   My coworkers are in LOVE with this place and are always raving about it. Finally, after two years, I was able to dig in to this bakery! I was told that Mexico Bakery has the best tortas in San Jose.  Based on the tips, I got the torta milanesa, not knowing what it is. Haha. Sometimes I think I put a little too much fate in Yelp reviews.. FYI, it's fried meat... a bit sad about that decision, as I try to avoid fried food. Nonetheless, I was in foodie heaven.   A sandwich is enough to split between two people. Half a sandwich kept me full til dinner time... amazing. I love all the fillings inside. They were extremely generous with their guacamole, ole!  It takes awhile for the food to come out... I think I waited around 20 minutes for mine. The agony!  Overall, yummy sandwiches for such a steal. I'd totally come back and try the other tortas!  

                om nom nom. Sourdough here is the best!  

                Delicious, simple food. I've only had breakfast here and while there aren't a ton of options a few sandwiches scrambles, etc. everything is wonderful and utilizes their strength  a phenomenal sourdough. The veggie scramble is tasty and significant portion. The sourdough waffle is a treat that everyone should try at least once. It's not as sweet due to the sourdough so it's a distinct, interesting, light and lovely taste. I've heard the coffee is great too.  

                I absolutely love this place... But got my first disappointment the other night... It could be that I stopped in very late.. 10:20pm-ish, but my cubana torta was just not right.. Very bland and so just thrown together.. Very sloppy and falling apart.. I come here VERY often, and this was the first time this has ever happened..  I have revisited earlier in the day since then, but I order the milanesa now... Still traumatized by the last experience with the cubana..  Other than that bad experience.. I still love all of their bakery goods..  They also have another location downtown which is SUPER small and cramped.. I prefer this place.  

                Yep did the Classic had to. world reputation to be questioned. Pretty yummy too. I had the small and still couldnt eat it all. Word of advice: if you like the crust like me: when you eat the top, peel the soft doe off first.: you made not have room for it.  

                Must get the torta milanesa great price for the huge torta you get. Only bad about this place is seating is limited and parking. Love the food  

                OPENS late when you have the late night munchies! :) *accepts cards here for you card swipers* Parking could suck but have a few slots behind the building.  I came here about 10:30pm on a Friday and there were a couple of people in the store. I love the workers here. They are so sweet and very helpful. They have great recommendations for the tortas and the bakery items they serve in the displays.  I had the Milenesa Torta, quite a heavy sandwich slapped with loads of crispy meat and avocado. Could get messy when eating it.. make sure you grab them napkins!! It's huge and very satisfying. You can definitely share this torta.. it is also filled with their tasty mexican cheese, tomatoes, and onions for about $7.  I WILL FOR SURE be back to try all their other types of Tortas!!  

                I visit this neighborhood sometimes. I was looking for lunch place and find this place on yelp. This is the first time I even been here. My first impression is, it really is a bakery. All I can see is donuts, cakes, cookies and they're looking good. However, I'm looking for lunch.  So I check yelp again, this time I look at all the pictures. Then I found that sandwich menu, finally. A piece of advise, if you don't know, read or speak Mexican, then you better check yelp photo again before you order. It'll gives you a better item what is what.   I found my sandwich Torta Milanesa from yelp picture. It looks good, it's huge (I still thinking what to do with the other half of sandwich while I'm writing this review). The staff are super friendly. You can dine in or to go. They even give it free donut samples, actually is one free donut per customers. If you come here with a company, I recommend you order just ONE torta and save some room for the dessert. I'm gonna grab some cakes and cookies to go now.  

                Excellent tortas - order the Milanesa ($7.61) and expect a sandwich heaped with slices of breaded pork, tomatoes, onions, fresh queso, pickled jalapenos, avocado and mayonnaise. The torta bread is toasted on the grill and delicious, but the bottom piece usually gets soggy very quickly, so its's best to enjoy on the spot.   Then cart home some pastries or take an agua fresca on the road. Open late.  

                570 hyped up reviews . . . 5 tortas for 5 different people . . . Drum roll please . . . Across the board, it was aight.  They were good tortas, but nothing spectacular.    There was no online menu or website so we had to rely on Yelpers and their submitted pictures.  We scrolled through all 295 pictures and pin-pointed what looked best for our appetite.  We ordered 2 Cubanos, 2 Milanesas, and 1 Azada.    I personally had the Cubano - Chorizo, Ham, and Sausage with eggs - For all that pork, it sure was a little bland.  The veggies supplementing the sandwich outshined the meat that was supposed to be the starringrole,  The tastiest part of the sandwich was the pickled jalapenos that went well with the avocado.  All of my co-workers had the same reaction.  They complained about the amount of avocado on the sandwich.  They said it was too much.  I love avocado and thought it was a rather generous portion but I could see how it could be overwhelming for others.    For a place to be highlighted by Yelp with a catchy line advertising it as, "HANDS DOWN THE BEST TORTA EVER EVER EVERRRR IN EXISTENCE," it sure was a letdown.  It didn't stand out.  Once again, it was good but not memorable.  I probably wouldn't visit them again.  

                You can never go wrong with Mexico Bakery. Seriously, best tortas in San Jose. I usually get the carne asada or chicken but the milanesa is also pretty good. The line is usually out the door but so worth the wait. Anytime I'm in the area I stop by ( as long as I have the extra 15-20 mins to wait in line). They also have a huge selection of desserts that always look really good!  Overall, the tortas are AMAZING , HUGE , and decently priced.   Give them a try!  

                I love this place! Their Torta Azada is sooo goood!  Every time my hubby and I order this, we always share because they are HUGE!  The Torta Azada are generously topped with meat, fresco cheese, jalapeno, avocado, and onions.  It hits my cravings every time.  Along with the Torta Azada, their Cubana is also good.  Not sure what all the ingredients included, but  I know ours had meat, sour cream, avocado, egg, hot dog, plus more.    In addition, I've also tried their donuts, sweet bread, and horchata drink.  The donuts and sweet bread were OK, I've tried better.  I'm not a fan of their horchata drink either.  It didn't taste like other horchata drinks that I've had, plus it had a grainy texture to it.  Other than that, I'd definitely come back for more of their torta!  

