                My son has a scheduled allergy shot every week, and this place is his treat afterward. Yes he is a big guy now but he needs a treat after getting a shot. And yes he also wants  to have its burger as lunch every Saturday because he can't stand the thought that Mission Burger is not open on Sunday. You got it, right? That's how good it is. BTW my son always orders its fish burger/French fries along with corn dog and onion rings.  

                I debated between giving Mission Burger three or four stars, because the burger is pretty decent. However, when you consider everything involved, I have to give it three stars.  The location is great, the outdoor seating doesn't bother me at all (although I would assume they do barely any business on cold/rainy days). They do not accept credit cards, which was fine because we had cash, but in today's day and age, I just think they should consider it.   The cheeseburger I ordered was really good. I did not like the fries. They serve steak fries here, with NO seasoning at all. Not even salt.They don't give you salt to put on them; only ketchup packets to use for them (also a negative for me: Hunt's Ketchup!). We ordered a "special" for my cheeseburger (comes with fries and drink). The drink appeared to be a child's small. I mean, it was tiny. For extra money, at least give a large drink.   My husband enjoyed the fries, he loves steak fries. They just didn't do it for me. So while the cheeseburger was pretty good, the overall restaurant flopped. Equalling out at least middle ground - three stars.  

                OMG this is my favorite burger place in the bay!!  I usually come here every other week or month with my boyfriend just because we love this place soooo much and the lines there kind of prove how we are not exaggerating. I love the stuff here because the food is soooo good and their service is pretty fast. They make everything right after you order them, and the owners (korean) are super friendly and helpful as well.   I get the Chicken Burger with french fries and onion rings, and my boyfriend loves getting the cheeseburger. What's different about the stuff here is that they are made fresh and when you take a bite into it, you'll instantly get a foodgasm. (Yes, i am not joking)  come and eat for yourselves!! 5 stars is not enough to rate this place, iw ould give it 10 stars if i could :)  

                after hiking with minimal amuont of snacks and food with 7 people and a husky.. we got hungry quick and tried to find something easy and outside to eat.. found this place with good ratings.. what the hay, lets try it. LITERALLY NOTHING THAT I WANTED TO ORDER WAS OUT! how are you out of most of the food on your little menu?! sorry. i wont be back.  

                It's easy to get caught up in all the ethnic cuisines found around Fremont. Sometimes, a burger needs to go into the rotation.   I'll describe the burgers here based on the "big 3" burger camps. It's like In-n-Out but a bit heartier and without sauce. It's like Five Guys but not as oily. It's like Shake Shack but with a bit more "shack off of Mission" local charm.   Fries are good too.   Rich's recommendation: even during non-peak hours, prepare to wait. The space is only so big.  

                Recently work has been getting to me.  Here are a few things I do to chill out:  Spa - the soothing music and water just puts me in a trance. Golf - getting outdoors and seeing the green grass takes the stress away. Cigars and Whisky - no explanation necessary.  Yesterday I found a new outlet - a nice old school burger with old school pricing.  Mission Burger is that type of place where you drive by and say "now that looks like a good place" without even stepping foot into the place.  It's old school - outdoor patio table seating and you order from the takeout window.  Better yet, according to my friend, it's old school pricing as well.  This week I did all of the three activities above, and added my new de-stress outlet...now I know my go to place to chill out without breaking the bank.  

                Support your local small businesses! I don't get why people would compare this small joint to fast food joints in certain terms. Of course the fries would be different from In an Out and of course the burgers would be different. It's a small family owned business and they have different techniques on making their food.   I've been to this joint ever since I was a kid and I've been satisfied almost every time. The reason why I don't enjoy it as much on visits is because one of the usual ladies isn't here anymore. And they've had a wide variety of people work the cashier now and they're usually just okay in terms of personality.   Don't come to Mission Burger if you're  looking for good customer service, real talk. Usually some Korean restaurants' services aren't that great and you can count MB on the list.  It's just how it is I guess.   Overall, all their food are really tasty and decent priced. Try the Teriyaki Chicken Sandwich, HotDog, Fish Burger, Chicken Burger,Cheeseburger, Fries, and Onion Rings! Those are some of the things my family and I usually order. There's a wide selection of choices to suit customers' satisfaction!  

                Ever since high school, I just don't understand the hype.  One major thing that always grossed me out was the ladies would handle money then touch food. Major turn off right away!  Then, the wait takes forever. I understand that it's just two ladies, but sometimes I feel like I'm waiting 20-30 minutes.   Next, the quality of the food itself. I always, ALWAYS, end up disappointed and wondering why I even came here in the first place. Rather drive to 5 guys and get a consistently delicious burger. Better yet, I rather just go to Tony's Tacos around the back. They're quesadillas are to die for.  More cons - Very limited hours. Cash only.  

                I came here a long time ago and got a burger. It was pretty average, although the lettuce and tomatoes were pretty fresh. The burger is decently sized, and their fries are pretty good. I would rather go to In-N-Out though; the pricing between here and there is about the same, but I think In-N-Out has better sauce and better flavoring than here. Also In-N-Out's fries are incredibly fresh. I tried my friend's fries from here, and they're pretty decent too. They're quite potato-y. Pretty average place for a burger. It's much better than fast-food chains like McDonalds or Burger King though!  

                Pretty good burgers here. It's run by only two ladies and everything is made to order, so during the lunch hour the wait can get to be quite long.   For a little more than a meal at a fast food joint, you can get a better meal - a better burger/sandwich, steak fries, and a drink - the main downside is the limited hours throughout the week (they are also closed on Sundays).  

                I'm a pretty big fan of Mission Burger. You always leave feeling satisfied at a pretty good value.  I usually get the BBQ hot link sandwich and a cheeseburger. When I'm not as hungry I get the double bacon cheeseburger. To be honest the cheeseburger is already filling but I get this uncontrollable urge to order whenever I get to their shop and smell the air around it.   It's run by two very nice ladies, however it does require you to have a little bit of time especially around meal times.   Mission Burger is my go to spot for burgers in the area.  

                My best friend claimed he is so embarrassed for me cause I've lived next to Mission Burger for YEARS and this was the first time I've tried it. The menu isn't too big, but you can never go wrong with the combos. I ordered the cheeseburger combo and he ordered the teriyaki sandwich. For about $7-8, you get a good sized burger/sandwich, a small drink, and steak fries.   The cheeseburger was pretty good and filling. And my best friend's teriyaki sandwich looked delightful. I'm definitely going back to try that! The fries were whatevs, so we hardly made a dent in those. Since Mission Burger is basically a food stand, there was only outside seating. It did get a little chilly, so this is definitely a place to eat when the weather is nice or you should just take it home to enjoy.  

                Food: This place has been my go-to for a great local burger since I was in elementary school.  So that's at least ten years now.  I think that says something in itself, but seriously, the burgers and sandwiches here are the best.  It's a little different from fast food joints and tastes more like what you would grill yourself at home, so the food has a nice smoky, char-grilled taste.  Definitely recommend the cheeseburger or the terriyaki chicken sandwich, both of which are amazing.  Oh, and the fries are nice, thick steak fries that I can never have enough of.  Stay away from the onion rings though because the portions are really small-- you get a small size for the same price as the large fries.  I have rarely strayed from those two sandwiches and an order of fries but when I do, I am still never disappointed.    Service: This is probably where the place should lose stars but my love for this place transcends stars.  The place is run by two korean ladies that speak broken english.  When you go up to the order window, they often will be completely silent and just ignore you as they go about their business.  They are always working and are never lax about working, but if they are busy with something else, you will basically not exist.  But once they step up to the ordering window, they always have a smile and take your order with enthusiasm.  Kinda strange, but its all good.  Also during lunchtime on weekdays, expect a line from the hoards of nearby high schools and community college.  Since they make everything to order, it takes a bit of time no matter what you order.  Environment:  Its a small little stand in the middle of a plaza.  You order your food, they give it to you all at the same window and then you can take it to go or eat at the little picnic tables in the plaza.  Nothing special but looking inside, you can tell the place is well-kept and clean.  

                Team of 2 making all the food, be prepared to wait.   Got in line around 1:30 PM on a Saturday after hiking and waited about 10 minutes to order. After 15 minutes my order of strawberry shake, teriyaki burger and small fries was ready for $8.00 or so.  SO GOOD. Simple, fresh and very friendly service makes the wait bearable.  

                Little burger joint...It's like a kiosk for burgers.  I don't know if the burgers are fresh, but I really liked the food here.  The burger was cooked nearly perfectly.  The lil ole ladies take your order and they close the fly trap, you wait for your number and you dine on some awesome food. Well, you dine on a bench outside that is.  I got the teriyaki chicken sammy and a hamburger and both were very good.  Prices are reasonable and it's pretty convenient. I will definitely come back here.  Cheers!  

                You have to rate this for what it is: a simple charbroiled burger from a mom and pop stand.    For a little over $3, the cheeseburger is totally worth it.  You can taste the char in the meat, the veggies are fresh, and all the ingredients work nicely together despite the lack of sauce.    Get a side of the steak fries; the large is deceivingly small but has a lot of pieces!    I like that there are plenty of benches with umbrellas outside so you can enjoy your food when the weather is nice.  Mission Burger is a great place to stop if you have gone to the flea market across the street at Ohlone and need more food than the kettle corn and hot dogs they have available.  

                For an independent burger stand, this is one of the better/tastier ones if not the the best I've been to in the Fremont area.   No greasy, mayonnaisey mess here.  The burger was assembled well and the components (aside from the patty which I will get to in a second) were decent/good.  I liked the steak cut fries too.  They could have been more consistently crispy but overall I thought they were fine.  I would give this at least 3 stars if you could get a medium rare burger, but even though I asked for medium rare mine was cooked all the way through closer to well done.  That was disappointing.  

                - Decent sized burgers for the price (~$4 cheeseburger) - Best onion rings - Usually less than a 10 minute wait!  

                Really simple, delicious burgers, and the steak cut fries were perfectly salted. I wanted to deduct a star at first because it's cash only, but with Mission Burger's prices, portion size and taste- it really deserves to be recognized as a great place to get your American food fix. However, the service could be much better... So I'm deducting half a star for service and half for being cash only.  I'll definitely be back :)  

                A good burger joint. Cash only. Tasty.  Quirk is they only take orders when they are ready after cooking. So sometimes the line to place an order is as long. Good is good though and locally owned  

                Came here for the first time after my hike on Mission Peak. Close enough with outdoor seating in the parking lot. Next to a taco and Japanese restaurant. Burgers sold by Korean women. I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken Sandwich and my husband ordered the Canadian burger. Not as impressive as the reviews made it sound. We had a meal and SODA refills are CHARGED at 50cents. In order to get water, they refilled my soda cup (Without rinsing). The onion rings were okay, the steak fries were okay as well. Nothing amazing about this little joint in my opinion. Mediocre rating with subpar service.  

                Giving 2 stars bc mission burger is pretty good. Been coming here since I was in jr high but lately I've noticed the 2 Korean ladies who own this place are really rude and take super long to make your food. Expect a 20 min wait. and they're also not hygienic, don't use gloves when they make your food and touch your $ then proceed to make your burger. maybe I'm just a clean freak but After I noticed that today I probably won't be coming back again. Hygiene first! then good cheap food :(  

                This is a great little burger spot.  Nothing more, nothing less.  But that's just fine with me.  Everything I've eaten here has been great.    Sure it takes a few extra minutes because everything is prepared to order.  Their Hot Link sandwich is amazing.  The burgers are top notch. Steak cut fries, nice and crispy.  If you're in the area check it out.  It's a great place for an inexpensive, quick bite.  Far better than any fast food burger you'll find.  

                The food is ok, but we've been going here for years mainly to support our local small businesses. Today we went again and after waiting for 15 minutes, stepped up to give our usual order.  It included a grilled cheese, which isn't on their menu, but they've always made it for us and charged $3-4 (never really paid attention to the price).  I was shocked when the person taking the order said "Oh, my mom said she can't make a grilled cheese."  When I asked why, he said "I don't know.  We're kind of busy."  It didn't make sense to me and I explained that we always order them when we come.  Didn't matter - my daughter wasn't getting a grilled cheese today from them.  We left for In-N-Out.  They probably don't even care b/c they seem to get a lot of business from Ohlone across the street, but they just lost a local family for life with one bad decision.  

                As much as I enjoy the cheeseburger from this place, the service here leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Mainly from the permanently angry-looking woman who cooks the food - I've been coming here for years (since my high school days) and I swear I've never seen that bitch smile. I'm starting to think she just doesn't know how. Anyway, I digress...  Do not rely on their posted business hours because they clearly do so well that they can afford to regularly turn business away. Their posted hours say they close at 6 pm (Monday - Friday) but that really means the latest they will EVER stay open is 6 pm sharp. I'm not joking.  Don't even bother coming at 6:00:01 pm - they will not serve you. I've seen them close way before 6 pm many times.  This has to be the laziest Asian-owned business ever!  But what pisses me off is when they decide to close early even when there are customers standing right in front of them waiting to order. I came once at 5:40 pm and as soon as they saw us walk up, they threw up the "closed" sign! Neither woman working at the time even acknowledged us or thought to say, "hey we decided to close early sorry". Nope, they acted like they didn't see us.  We had to knock and ask if their hours changed for them to finally look at us and mutter, "we closing early today."  Once we were lucky enough to get there and order right before they decided to close early at 5:50 pm when another guy came in line behind us. After we ordered and the guy went up to the window to place his order, the lady taking the order just slammed the window close and threw up the "closed" sign on him! The poor guy was PISSED and yelled "yo seriously you gonna just act like I'm not here and slam the window on me at 5:50?! I'M STANDING RIGHT HERE!!!" What was sad was this guy told us this wasn't even the first time they did that to him!!  Based on service alone, I would give them 1 or even 0 stars, but I really do love their burgers so I only have it in my heart to drop them to 2 stars.  Also, one lady that works there sometimes taking orders is really nice, but that's the only person there you will get any kind of pleasant service from. These bitches act like just asking for an extra packet of ketchup or another napkin physically pains them. You might as well ask the KKK and Kanye to have a slumber party together; you would get the same reaction. But seriously...the way these women run their business and treat their customers is completely unprofessional and disrespectful.  

                Their teriyaki chicken burger is the only heart attack worth buying. I'm a little concerned with hygiene but the food is solid for the most part.  

                The food smells amazing and taste pretty bomb too. HOWEVER, as a frequent gulper on my drinks I was hella disappointed in the size of drink that came with my Cheese Burger Mission Special TF !  

                I'll admit, I used to avoid this place since everyone from Mission used to go there and what do high schoolers really know about good food? Plus this place only takes cash and I only keep plastic in my wallet. Then one day I managed to get some cash (and I lost a bet to a friend) so I came here. It's like a little mom and pop shop with about 1-2 people working so sometimes there can be a bit of a wait (especially if you come during the lunch rush and are waiting between hungry MSJHS kids and Ohlone students). The food is pretty decent. My mom and brother love the burgers while I've become enchanted with the BBQ Hot Link sandwich. It's a nice place that keeps me coming back and has managed to stay open for a long time but it won't cut me off of my McDonald's addiction.  

                Love this place. I wonder if those korean ladies who work there are related to me. I'm kinda scared to ask. They're like my hamburger aunties.  Great burgers and fat fries :) delish  

                Mission Burger hits the spot.  These scrumptious burgers are flippin' amazing. To be honest, not really sure why anyone would get anything other than the Teriyaki burgers or onion rings. They're da bomb dot com.  Two middle-aged Korean ladies run this joint. They are the nicest, cutest peeps ever. Service can be a little slow (reasonably so--there are only two employees) and Mission Burger is more of a burger shack with outdoor seating than a pleasant eating spot, but who says it can't be both?   PROS: 1) Best teriyaki burger I've ever had I think. I always get extra sauce and mmm it's amazing. Foodgasm. 2) Onion rings are a must. Your breath may smell like shit afterwards. YOLO. 3) Great service and you're spending time outdoors!  CONS: 1) Wait, the outdoor thing might not be so great. Sometimes there are annoying flies, but don't let them stop you from doin yo thang.  2) It takes a while for your order to be served, but it's well worth it. Just leaving this here for you busy peeps that don't really have time to wait.   Overall, I'd give it five stars if it weren't for the flies (and the distance from my house). Definitely one of my favorite places to grab a bite to eat.  

                I came here for lunch and I heard that this place was pretty good and only two people worked the place. I arrived and there was a pretty long line that did not move. The two korean ladies make it as they go and since there are only two back there, you know its going to take a while. I got the teriyaki burger since people raved about the sauce. It was $3.50 for a burger but you can get the meal for six or seven bucks and it comes with a drink and fries. I thought the burger was pretty average and nothing was really special. The wait was long as well so that doesnt really help it. There is seating outdoors on benches right outside the standalone hut. I would just hit up in n out instead.  **TIPS** 1) Cash only! 2) The meal is more worth it.  

                There are two Korean women that run this place. Although at times only one of them is there. (One is slightly more bubbly and cheerful, the other one looks cranky all the time).  I usually get there Teriyaki w/ Swiss or Double Cheeseburger. Their onion rings are sublime. Although the onion tends to fall out of the batter, the flavor is so buttery and delicious. Onions rings are usually 6-8 pieces of various sizes (one ring was bigger than the palm of my hand). I also enjoy their Rib-eye steak sandwich, however many times when I ask for it they say they don't have it that day. I'm also pretty sure they toast butter on the bread before preparing the burger.   Also NO PICKLES on any of their sandwiches, which may be good or bad depending on whether or not you like pickles.  Their malt shakes are good as well. I've tried their Canadian Bacon and Barbecue Polish before. It was decent, but not my go-to option at Mission Burger.  It can take around 15 minutes to get your food. If there's a long line or it's cold/raining outside it can make some people impatient. However, remember that this is a Burger stand.  

                Once I tried to order a grilled teriyaki chicken sandwich on a Saturday around 2pm and was promptly informed that only an insane person would expect that to be available: "No teriyaki chicken! Today flea market!"   So apparently, if it's flea market day at Ohlone College, you better get to Mission Burger when it opens for that perfect delicious grilled chicken, crisp lettuce, rich mayo and sweet teriyaki sauce on a toasted roll.   The Korean ladies managing this burger shack know what they are doing. But, because there are only two of them, they can only do what they do as fast as is humanly possible. Be prepared to wait at peak times - everything is cooked to order.   Excellent burgers, fish sandwiches, steak cut fries, onion rings, malts, and of course, chicken teriyaki sandwiches at very good prices. I'd say skip the hot dogs.   Closed Sundays. Cash only.  

                You should definitely try their teriyaki burger and fries. The women there are cute little Korean women and though the wait time is a bit long, you shouldn't expect too much for a two-woman operation. I still love the place however!  

                "Burger kiosk" feels like a pretty apt description of this establishment.  You get to place your order at a window and slide your money through an opening at the bottom, like a scene straight out of renting a room at a seedy motel.  (And much like that motel: this is a cash-only establishment right here.)  There's no indoor seating to speak of, just a number of benches where you can sit down with your fare.  There are no crazy advertisements or wacky limited-time specials or esoteric menu combinations; this is just a tiny crew slinging out charbroiled burgers and related fare.  Given all that: the experience was quite nice.  The lady taking my order was friendly and polite, and I received my cheeseburger in short order.  The burger was the model of simplicity - lettuce, tomatoes, a touch of mayo, a slice of cheese - but it was nice and juicy, with a fresh taste and crisp produce.  It was a touch on the smaller side, but the price reflected that to a large degree; it wasn't a screaming bargain, but I didn't suffer from "I paid $5 for this hockey puck of meat?" buyer's remorse.  It was a reasonably fulfilling quick bite.  Sure, being cash-only (and closed on Sundays) are mild downers of a sort.  And I'm not sure I'd make a grand project of going on an hour-long trek out of my way to seek this place out or anything - it's good, but not unfiltered ambrosia.  But if I were in the area again, sure, Mission Burger seems like a nifty little neighborhood joint worth stopping by to grab a bite at.  

                I have never had a bad hamburger here. Yes it gets busy and there is a wait, but for a reason . The burgers here are to die for. When people come visit from out of town, I take them here- and now they are hooked. Charbroiled to perfection. Excellent hangover remedy imo.  

                I love this place. My dentist is right across the street and I come here afterwards every time...even if my mouth is numb!   Cheeseburgers are delicious and the teriyaki special is tasty also.   I think it's cash only so make sure you stop by an ATM.  

                Grew up down the street for 20 yrs...its still the best burgers in town!! Cash only tho  

                They operate out of a very small place and I'm sure its law to post their recent health score, but it says "conditional pass"...so that was a little iffy to look at while perusing their menu. None the less, I was craving burgers...I ended up ordering the teriyaki burger. I expected some kind of burger with teriyaki sauce and maybe a pineapple slice....but I get a plain teriyaki chicken sandwich topped with raw onions and lettuce. It was...alright...the onions were super overpowering. Overall, kind of meh. Very average and nothing really made it standout.  

                I just ate here today. It's my second time eating here. I ate here like 5 years ago. My fiance was hungry for a burger so I met up with him. Anyways! I had a cheeseburger and it was pretty good. It hit the right spot cause I was hungry. He had the teriyaki burger and it seemed like he enjoyed it. We also shared large fries. They looked huge and they were nicely cooked and crispy. The vanilla shake was good also, just a typical shake. You order outside from their stand and they have a bunch of outdoor picnic tables. There's some pretty good shade also around so you don't have the sun hitting you. Service is friendly and fast enough. Parking is tight.  

