                Visited Mixed Grain for the first time and it won't be the last. All the ingredients were fresh and full of flavor. Had the "Fire Bird's Nest" and was warned against it's fiery spiciness. I proceeded anyway and was not disappointed. The dish had the promised spicy kick I was hoping for...completely delicious!  The purple rice was flavorful and the appetizers were full of variety and freshness.  The staff was friendly and helpful. I'll be going back soon and the only question will be try something new or stick with the addicting sizzle of the Fire Bird's Nest? Bravo!  

                We don't have too many options out here in Walnut Creek for Korean food, but this place is awesome.  We order takeout from here for lunch pretty often and we are never disappointed.  I tend to always order the same thing, (beef bibimbap with purple rice)  but it's because it's SO good.  They also make their own kimchi here, which is a must try!  

                At first I was skeptical, purple rice?!?!?  But after trying it here I am a fan. Is it healthier for you? Is it a novelty? I don't know, but it sure tastes good.   I had the dol-sot with beef. It was pretty good, I think I was especially hungry that day and finished it quickly so that I did not get as much of a crispy rice layer as I would have liked.   Like most Korean places, they will give you small dishes to start off with. The potatoes were by far the best. Sweet and crispy, we got seconds and finished those off too.   They also have a corner with some Asian snacks and goods. Though I have to say they are overpriced (it was about $2 for a box of Peppero).  This place is definitely worth a look. It did get pretty crowded, so come earlier.  4/5!  

                Always find ourselves coming back here! My favorite thing on the menu of their soft tofu soup! Get it with medium spice to clear up any congestion! Lol  Nice and clean space with friendly staff. Only once has there been someone who was having a bad day. But the food makes up for it! They give you plenty of meat and the seasoning is just right! They always ask if you want more of the side dishes but you'll be too full to have anymore after your mains!   We visit at least once a month. Definitely a hidden gem in Walnut Creek!  

                As much as I am not a noodle or ramen type eater( mainly for carb watching reasons) this place may have well  just brought me over to the noodle side, for my GOD, this ramen was awesome!  It was one of those rainy, cloudy, dreary kind of days...one of those days that marry hot savory food just beautifully... and this grain thankfully happen to accommodate my soul comforting desire perfectly.  Mixed grain is located off Bonanza st, sandwiched between a handful of little restaurants and shops, and just a door down from X treme pizza. The food Gods were looking out for me this day, for I managed to get a parking spot right in front. The actual place is small, but seems to have plenty of seating. The place was also quite scarce of people with only one or two other couples dining in.   The menu is quite basic, providing a decent, but less extensive selection of ramens, soups, appetizers and entrees. They also offer wine, beer and some specialty Korean  cocktails.   I was greeted and assisted by one of the lady server's, who turned out to be an absolute sweetheart! She helped me a ton, by answering a handful of questions for my clueless ramen self, that eventually lead me into the direction of ordering the best dish to suit my palate. I was also in a cocktail kind of mood, and ended up going with one of their Soju cocktails. Its a Korean Vodka, with variety of flavors to add. I chose the lemon. ($6.00) It arrived in a wine glass looking delish; and which it certainly turned out to be-light, sweet and refreshing  For my main dish, I ordered the Spicy Ramen. You can request it mild, spicy, or super spicy. I ordered it mild. I also added chicken for an additional $2.00. The soups, and perhaps main dishes, comes with a variety of Korean specialty little dishes. I engaged in most of them, which were for the most part, were all pretty good. Now for the grand entrance for the Ramen? Breathtaking! Sizzling hot, breathtaking! My mouth has never watered that much over a bowl of ramen...ever! And, after allowing it to cool down, the mixture of flavors and components that made up this fabulous soup, imploded into an abundance of savory, out this world, tasty wonderfulness! Boom! I think I'm a ramen girl now! At least for their ramen : )  Based on my first experience, 5 stars all the way! Extraordinarily tasty soup, exceptional service; can get a little pricey, however, for what you get? Well worth it. Thank you, Mixed Grain! I will be back : )  

                Delicious food. Friendly service. Reasonably prices.  This is my new favorite Korean restaurant in the WC/Concord/PH area.   I've been here three times so far, and the food is always delicious. I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong with anything you order. But if you're looking for recommendations, the spicy rice cakes, thinly sliced beef, jhap chae and bimimbap/dolsot are good choices. Plus, there's good variety in banchan, and you get free refills too!  

                This is my favorite place in the East Bay for Korean food. The restaurant is very clean, the food is always good, and the service is usually good. Their pickled spicy radish is one of my favorite things on earth, their kimchi is excellent, and I almost always order the bibm-bap.   My last experience was the worst ever (and was pretty frustrating), but I've had so many good experiences here I'm betting it was just a bad night.  

                So I've had Korean food before, but I was basically thrown into the fire and people were too busy to educate me on the basics. Other places I've tried had time but didn't really bother. Plus, some restaurants lacked English menus. Enter mixed grain, an establishment that may or may not be the best place to start (shit man, I don't know), but they were nice enough to explain a few things to me.   I opted for "The Works" (bibimbap) which is a bowl of spinach, mushrooms, julienned carrots, pickles, cucumber, pickled daikon, fried egg, your choice of protein, and your choice of rice. Protein options include beef, chicken, or more vegetarian friendly items like tofu. I ended up with the spicy pork. Furthermore, you can choose white rice or Mixed Grain's purple rice which is a special blend of sweet brown, wild sweet, wild. Definitely go with the purple.   It wasn't long before one of the guys stopped by my table with soup and an assortment of side dishes and patiently explained to me what each one was. I was overjoyed, especially when I learned of the free refills!   Then the bibimbap arrived. It looked too damn nice to eat or mix up with their sauce...but I had to. The spicy pork was flavorful. Veggies were fresh and delicious. Sauce was solid. That purple rice tho...was something else. I liked the unique flavor and sticky/chewy texture that it had.   Anyway, my experience with Mixed Grain was a positive one. The food wasn't as delicious as some of the places I had in SoCal, but it was still rather tasty and I'm glad I stopped by. Probably going to pay them another visit to get the sizzling works! Just going to be around lunch tho because I prefer the lunch prices.  

                Mixed Grain = mixed feelings.  Fair warning, this is gonna be a really long-winded review, so feel free to just read the next paragraph for a summary.  I absolutely love the food and their concept, and I'm grateful to have a healthy Korean option so close by.  That's why I keep coming back time after time.  The main bone I have to pick is that the kitchen messes up our orders more often than not.  A more minor issue is that the service kind of depends on who you get - some of the staff are wonderful, while a couple have left us feeling a little uncomfortable.  Let's start with the good.  Everything I've tasted at Mixed Grain is delicious: -- The complimentary small dishes (banchan) are tasty, and I appreciate that the refills are gratis (as is the case with most good Korean restaurants). -- My favorite is the Bibimbap with purple rice and bulgogi, spicy pork, or mung bean pancake. -- My boyfriend's favorite is the Soft Tofu Stew.  He also sometimes orders the Spicy Beef Soup.  I think both are delicious, but the latter is too spicy for my (admittedly) cowardly tastebuds. -- The barley tea is good, and the honey ginseng tea is VERY good, if expensive.  The main problem is that, too often, the order gets messed up.  Examples: -- On our first visit, we placed a takeout order and waited in-house, as they said it would not take long.  It ultimately took close to an hour.  They explained they had messed up our order, so they had to start over again.  They made up for it by giving us complimentary barley tea and fish ice cream (bungeoppang), which was nice... that fish ice cream can make up for a lot of things! However, this was the one and only time they "made up for" an error. -- Several times, we've asked for NO scallions or onions (my boyfriend says they remind him of tapeworms -- *edit* he says, "No, it's FLATworms!"), but they appear anyway. -- I once ordered Bibimbap but received Bulgogi BBQ instead.  This was a takeout order, and they explained that their phone wasn't very good. -- My boyfriend ordered his Soft Tofu Stew with rice cakes, but there were no rice cakes to be found anywhere.  This was also the time that the whole egg (shell and all) was dropped in his soup.  I've gotten into the habit (especially with takeout orders) of repeating my order a few times and also asking the server to repeat it, too.  Even so, mess-ups still happen -- just less frequently.  As for the service, there is one girl in particular that we really like.  She's very sweet and is particularly careful with our orders, knowing the problems we've run into.  The other staff members can be a little aloof or indifferent, sometimes leaving us feeling uncomfortable.  It's hard to explain, but one example would be -- my boyfriend paid for our meal at the register and waited to receive his receipt.  After a few minutes, the employee gave him a strange look, like, "Um... What are you still doing here, weirdo?"  Turned out that the receipt had printed out, but the employee had neglected to say anything or hand it to my boyfriend.  Not a huge deal, just... not great.  Overall, I definitely recommend Mixed Grain.  Just consider repeating your order, and be aware that it might still get screwed up!  

                Growing up in the Midwest didn't expose me to much "exotic" cuisine, so I'd never tried Korean before moving to CA...but now I'm ADDICTED. I absolutely love it and force my boyfriend into going with me about every other week to get my fix.  Mixed Grain is especially fab for vegetarians. They have tons of veg options and they offer a veg variation for lots of their dishes right on the menu, so you don't have to be that annoying hippie who asks too many questions. The bibimbap is solid and always a good choice, as is the dolsot bibimbap. But my favorite here is the jap chae fried rice - glass noodles mixed with fried rice, seasoned to perfection. It's SO. EFFING GOOD.  Also, our service has always been great. The waiters are really friendly, helpful, and not too overbearing, even when they're super busy.  

                Winner winner purple rice dinner!  Stooooopid me!  Okay okay, I actually came here for lunch and I gotta say, all the Yelper reviews are just about right!    We arrived at 1pm, and the lunch crowd was dying down.  Seated right away, and since we've never been here we ordered:  ~ The Works ($10) - this was the bibimbop bowl filled with your usual.  The mixed grain rice, or purple rice, with carrots, bean sprouts, mushrooms, purple cabbage, thin cucumber slices, spinach, and an over-easy egg.  Add in short ribs, and this made for one amazing bowl!    ~ Sizzling Works ($12)  - or basically bibimbop in a hot stone bowl!  This also contained the same veggies.  I chose chicken as my protein, and this too was also just amazing!  The fun part is mixing up the egg while the bowl is still "too hot to touch".    ~ With our entrees, we were also served banchan.  The cool part was, they didn't make a big deal or fuss unlike some Korean places about getting a banchan refill.  They even asked if we wanted a refill of any dishes.  Excellent service from beginning to end.  I cannot wait to try other items on the menu next time.  Eating here was definitely a change from the norm.  I recommend giving it a try!  Tips:   ~ Metered street parking.   ~ They've got Samanco Korean ice cream for $2.  

                Really great meal, ton of food. Our waiter was really helpful since it was our first time there. Everything was excellent. Will be back soon!  

                Sooooo--I am NOT a fan of Korean food. It's yucky (that was before). BUT, THEN I found Mixed Grains....holy Kimchee! I am a fan now. The food was fantastic. I had the jap chae (sp) with veggies and tofu (medium spicy) and it was superb. I also ordered the honey ginger barley tea...I could do a cartwheel over the tea. SO DELISH!...with little pieces of ginger all dancing on my tongue with its delightful gingery-ness!  My partner was eating short ribs and declared they were finger licking great! Topping it off with his Hite beer and a shot of Soju. This was a good dinner.  I never ever leave the service out--after all they are some hard working folks. The staff at Mixed Grains was fantastic. Pleasant and fun and on top of things (and super handsome fellas too).  Thanks Mixed Grains!! I shall return!  

                I'm pretty disappointed in their customer service.  Mixed Grain- if your employees do not know the names of each dish in Korean & English, YOU should be some what embarrassed for not training YOUR staff.  Rather, the employee told me (the customer that is bringing $$$ to the business) that I need to make sure I always keep a take-out menu with me.  A single apology and helpful attitude is all that was needed.    Over the months, the food quality has also gone down.  Their spicy tofu soup is quite sour- wouldn't recommend it!  They have been skimping on a lot of the dishes, but raised their $$$.  

                Delicious aromas greet you, as well as the staff,  when you arrive.  The very easy to read menu matches their web site.  They will also allow you to get the Spicy Ramen mild if you want it.  The ramen was served boiling in a hot stoneware bowl still cooking the noodles and egg in the broth.  Ooo! The banchan are also really good.  I especially liked their kimchi and kkakdugi.  I wish I lived near by as I would come back to try their other dishes, but I definately recommend it for great food and service.  

                I have passed this place for years. I decided to stop over tonight. There was a line through the door. It was really good and service was amazing. The prices are very reasonable.  

                Oh Mixed Grain... your humble beginnings are no more.   This location seems to have become very corporate and downright franchise-y. Maybe this is why the customer service has become increasingly rude, and even downright hostile.  I can't discredit them too much. As I remember, their food is still delicious. I'm just hesitant to return because the waitresses aren't very nice (especially one in particular). This makes me feel very uncomfortable about dining in this establishment.   Granted, Korean restaurants tend to have their own version of "hospitality". My mom is from Seoul, and I guess sometimes manners get lost in translation.   It's also very expensive. $14 for dolsot bibimbap is definitely on the pricey side. It might be worth it if they could just work on their tableside manner.   Helpful hint to the management: maybe stop kicking people out when they come in at 2:45, unaware that you close at 3pm. I totally understand: the staff needs to take breaks, maybe switch shifts and whatnot. Still, it's unfair to unknowing patrons who had their heart set on Korean BBQ. If the kitchen closes at 2:45, the signage should say so.  

                TLDR: - Fresh crisp banchan (complimentary small plates). - Quality ingredients. - Highlight is the choose-your-own dol sot bap (essentially bibimbap in a stone bowl (essentially rice with a variety of things in a bowl)) - Clean atmosphere. - Friendly service.  

                Great KBBQ and Fried Chicken Wings! RAMEN SOUP was awesome as well. The place is very clean, the staff is attentive and overall experience was excellent. I recommend this place for KBBQ if youre not looking to drive to SF or Oak. Also 10% off beer when checking in.  

                So good!! They give you a ton of sides to put in your entrees. Service was also superb. We were asked countless times if we wanted refills on sides and drinks.  

                I tried this place with my mom because we were craving quick and convenient Korean food that wasn't KBBQ, and we're both so glad we gave Mixed Grain a chance! Since I've been spoiled by the Korean food in Ktown near UCLA, I was already expecting this place to be pretty ordinary, but it's definitely the best Korean food I've had in this area.  PROS: -reasonable price for lunch/dinner -big portions (which come out steaming hot!) -good quality food (veggies, meat, purple rice) -lots of choices (kimchi jun, mandu, etc...) -polite and friendly waiter/service (thumbs up to our awesome waiter, Jason!) -to-go packaging is sturdy, and they even include the banchan/side dishes  CONS/THINGS TO LOOK OUT FOR: -metered street parking can be hard to find, so plan on circling around a few times!  I especially appreciated that they didn't kick us out between 3pm - 4pm when they were technically closed. We arrived around 2:30 and were nervous we'd have to rush the meal, but our waiter told us not to worry and was so nice about letting us stay. I'll definitely come back here again in the future with friends! :)  

                If you are craving Korean food but wants to go on the healthy route, a bowl of Bibimbop with mixed grains is definitely the way to go! Order the Dolsot Bibimbop which comes in a sizzling stone bowl for the full experience. It may seem silly to pay $2 just for the bowl, but trust me, it's worth it. You get the crispy rice edges which gives the Bibimbop that added crispy texture. The bowl has plenty of awesome vegetables and a decent amount of meat. After your meal, you will come out satisfied without that bloated feeling!  

                The food is fair but the service is awful. The older lady with the short bob is always so rude. She acts like she is giving you a favor by attending to you. I asked for water 3 times and she gave me an attitude. She is always rude and the place usually gives small Korean milk for kids and I asked her if I could have an extra one for our friend that was pregnant and she said no. Give me a break... That probably cost you $.10. Our bill was $80 and she knows we are regulars and couldn't even do a small favor. She has a big attitude every time we are there. If you don't like people, you are in the wrong industry.  

                This was my first time here and it was DELISSSSSHHH! Ive never had Korean ramen before, only Japanese. But honestly after having the Spicy Ramen here... I might just have a new obsession! Haha, it was absolutely tasty and i finished it all in like 5 min even though the bowl and soup were 1000000 degrees hot! So watch out if you order a hot dish, the stone bowl is sizzling hot af! Anyways, the ambiance is very casual and they play some pretty good music haha. Also, the side dishes are all delicious! Overall, this was a great dining experience and i plan to come back very soon!  

                I've got 5 check-ins at Mixed Grains accd to yelp.  I keep coming back because my other cousins like to eat here.  Since I keep coming back, I decided to try a new dish every time we eat here. Mung bean pancake-not bad at all. Ginseng chicken stew-takes awhile for them to cook but worth the wait. Volcano chicken stew-I think that's the name, the menus posted on the wall, spicy (we ordered mild) so just follow each bite of spiciness with a bite of the non spicy side dishes they serve. Dolsot-purple rice with sliced beef but will try the chicken next time. Japchae-try it with tofu, it's good. Shrimp tempura-not oily at all. Kimbap-I liked it, it's made like sushi. Chicken wings-you can't go wrong with the wings! Ice cream-$2 for the fish and the rest is $1, my favorite is the melona. Carrot cupcakes with butter cream icing-hmm, a Korean recipe or just a Korean baker? Her recipe was delicious, not too sweet.  If you get the cupcake with the elaborate flower icing, it's $2 more. Kinda expensive for a cupcake so I settled for the $5 instead.  But got a free ginger lemon cookie-chewy, delicious and $1.75 a piece, a tiny piece. And no, I didn't order all these in 1 visit, more like 5 visit. I will try their ramen next time, my cousin said it was good. Pleasant employees, one guy actually gives us tips on how to eat Korean food.   Why do kids only have the seaweed? I want some too!  

                We were in Walnut Creek today and very hungry. We decided to try out Mixed Grain and we weren't disappointed! I grew up eating Korean food and this place was very good. I had the bibimbap and my wife the Dolsot (Bibimbap in a hot stone bowl). We also ordered the kimchi mandoo. Everything was very tasty. My wife said it was the best Dolsot that she has ever had! Service was very good and the staff were friendly and attentive. I would give 4.5 stars.  

                I have to admit, I waited a while to venture into this place because I tend to be a picky eater, but my bf's been wanting to go here and he is not picky. (The guy is a garbage disposal, which you would never think by looking at him.)  Anyways, we ordered the sliced beef bowls with purple rice which were really good. The complimentary sides were great, they even refill them for you! Our waitress was awesome. I didn't get her name, but I left her a good tip. Well, my boyfriend did.  Good find! We will be back!  

                After trying Bibigo in LA, I figured I'd give this place a try..  PARKING: We actually parked near the Nordstrom and just walked over (it's a pretty long walk) but I think there are some street parking and other areas near the restaurant but it's kind of hard to find.  ATMOSPHERE: Clean, modern feel with white tables and walls and chalkboard menus.  I liked it a lot.  FOOD: I got the works bibimbop which is the cold bibimbop, they have the sizzle one that makes the rice on the bottom fried but I opted for the cold one.  It comes with white or purple rice, the purple rice is healthier AND chewier, so I'd recommend that one. It has a fried egg on top with pickled cucumber, your choice of meat (beef, tofu, salmon, chicken...), seaweed, carrots, mushrooms, bean sprouts and some other bibimbop toppings.  The portion is perfect for one person and I was able to finish it all.  It doesn't seem like there is much rice in the beginning but after you mix it and start eating, it's good.  Unlike Bibigo, there aren't any sauce options.  It only comes with the spicy red korean gochujang (sp?) sauce but I realized you don't really need any.  It also comes with miso soup and the regular banchan.  One thing we noticed is that we liked the tofu banchan but everytime we ask for more they always say they are out, but we see other tables getting it.  We realized it's probably that they don't want to give seconds of the tofu - but they should just tell us that!  $12 for the works seems slightly expensive but for the amount of food you get I guess that's the payoff.  Service can be kind of slow and hard to flag people down but the workers are nice.  We didn't have to wait but it seemed like it got busier as the night went on.    Overall, definitely worth trying if you like bibimbop (or other korean foods) and the portions are perfect and you don't feel gross after - seems like a healthy meal!  

                Came here with a party for dinner. Everyone enjoyed their meal! I've seen better prices elsewhere but the quality of the food is great.  Side dishes are delicious. Servers are attentive and frequently ask if you want more sides and are quick to bring you more! Favorites included the bean sprouts and sweet potatoes, but they were allllll good!   My friend and I shared the Seafood Pancake. This one was so delicious! Really crisp with a great amount of seafood.   Almost everyone at my table got the Dolsot Bibimbap. I ordered mine with chicken and purple rice. It was perfect! The chicken was well-marinated and moist. All the other ingredients in my bibimbap were very fresh. And I loved the cute little flag they put in the bowl! Would definitely recommend it.   Finished off my meal with the Korean melon popsicle for just $1. Yumm-o!  

                My new favorite Korean restaurant. When they say the Fire Bird is deadly spicy, _and they mean it_, it means they respect their customers. It was insanely good, but not for the faint of heart.  The purple rice in the castiron skillet is an added treat. Crispy all around the edges.  

                Not Korean Barbecue but a great spot for a rice plate or Korean Ramen.  I come here quite often and love their spicy ramen.  They provide plentiful and tasty sides as well.  You really cannot go wrong.  They have a great menu.  If you need some warm food when it's chilly outside, just walk in here.  

                It's a good Korean restaurant. I grew up in Asia and this is not all that different from the Korean restaurants back home.  The restroom smelled like someone just smoked in there though.  

                Much of my life experience with Korean food has been like a relationship on its last leg.  I would sit in front of a bowl of fatty meat, rice and pickled veggies and say "It's not you Korea bowl, it's ME." - but we all know it really was Korea bowl.  I just never had GOOD Korean food.  Having lived in LA for the better part of a year, I finally had great Korean food.  So when I moved back to the Bay Area, I was a little worried about where I was going to get my Spicy BBQ pork fix.  That's when Mixed Grains came into my life.  My first date with MG came with the gift of unique and tasty side dishes.  It was such a surprise I must have blushed.  The Sizzling Wok Bowl arrived popping and crackling, I stirred it quickly to cook the sunny-side up egg.  I took a small bite and there was an instant spark, love in a flash.  I savored every part of this dish.  It was sad to see a table full of empty dishes but our evening together had to come to an end.  I had a delightful time and I hope Mixed Grains beckons me again soon.  

                WC is REALLY lacking in good food and what makes it worse is it's overpriced.  MG is not cheap, $14/pp if you are getting the bibimbap, but with that you get:  -banchan, unlimited and they DO come by and ask if you want refills, you never get that at cheaper, more authentic places, they came by TWICE -miso soup -extra attention from the staff -pretty good ventilation, barely smelled like the lunch, even though we were right next to the kitchen -their metal cups are super thick, so if you get tea doesn't burn your hands -lots of fresh delicately sliced veg  Nit picking: -temperature control in the restaurant, it was toasty and many of the double seaters are next to the window with the sun glaring -there are flies buzzing around, full grown ones -slightly dingy, sticky, when I am paying 30% more and sitting in WC, I expect more  Will be on my WC rotation, will let the kitchen staff know to undercook my salmon, if they refuse, I will order veggie or a whole 'nother protein.  Overcooked today, the crisp skin was good.  

                I was there twice, and most likely, will not go there again. First time I was satisfied with the food enough to want to come back, but customer service was just ok. So second time I decided to bring a friend to check out the place.   First off, we both felt rushed to order (and at the end, also rushed to pay). I indicated to the waitress that I was very sensitive to spicy food and ordered a combo of rice and variety of veggies. Nonetheless, we got served side dishes that were seasoned with spicy sauce, so I ended up not eating most of the side dishes. By the way, I did not like that they served us side dishes to share, instead of serving side dishes to each of us individually. It feels as if we were cheated.   Sauce that was served was spicy. I put it on my food without tasting it first (my bad) assuming that it wasn't spicy since I already indicated that I'm sensitive. As a result, I couldn't finish my dish. I notified the waitress, and asked if I can order the same dish. She starred at the dish, took a second to think, then said in a rude and hostile manner, "you already ate half", which wasn't the case, and I said that I will pay for the new order, and reiterated that I cannot eat spicy. She left our table without a word, seemingly upset. She came back quickly with the new dish, but I pretty much lost appetite at that point - no customer who comes to support an establishment should be treated in such way.    They did not charge me for the second order, although I honestly wish that they did, so I left a nice tip, but I did write on my receipt something like "thanks for replacing my meal, but it would taste much better if it were served with a smile".  

                Great food. Great location. I gave it four stars for mediocre customer service. They are always busy at lunchtime so if you don't know what you want and order as soon as you get seated, you will probably have to wait 10-15 mins before they return to take your order. They are also not very friendly, but not rude either. I don't feel appreciated as a return customer here, But the food is really good and fresh so I will keep returning to eat not dine.  

                I went here with my family yesterday for lunch.  I was really happy to see that this place was busy; and when it's busy, it's good!!  This review will be based on my food and customer service.  We were sat quickly and greeted immediately.  After looking at the menu for a few minutes, we placed our order.  That's when everything went down hill...  SERVICE: It took awhile to get our waters, we got the banchan(complimentary to meals) before we got our water.  After the mini dishes were placed, we got some of our drinks (missing my little sister's slushy).  Then some of our food came out, but they mistakenly brought out our to-go order.  So we had received my little sister's food, my mom's food and my food.  Sadly, we were still missing some of our waters, my sister's slushy and my dad's food.  I've worked in the food industry for several years so I'm really patient when it comes to service.  BUT, I had to get up and reminder our server about stuff missing.  She was very apologetic which I appreciated and informed the kitchen about a rush order.  About 5 minutes later, my dad received his food, my sister got her slushy and my mom got her water.  This place is small, maximum of 10-15 small tables, 2 servers on the floor and still wasn't on point.  I was really upset when we received our bill because you would think with a big mess up, they would at least comp something, but they didn't.  We didn't even get a goodbye or a thank you.  For $114, it was definitely not worth it.  FOOD: The banchan were delicious.  I feel that it's very consistent with other Korean restaurants.   I ordered The Sizzling Works, white rice with thinly sliced beef, which I've had at other Korean restaurants and it was ok.  I wasn't too happy to see that most of my beef had a lot of fat. The shrimp tempura was delicious too and this was my first time trying tempura.  

                I'm Korean. It's hard to find a authentic Korean restaurant.  Mixed grain is amazing!!  Korean restaurant provides complimentary side dish called Banchan. When Banchan is tasty, you don't need to worry about the food at all. It means that everything taste good in that restaurant.  My American husband's favorite is Galbi.  My mother in law's one is beef iron wok. My father in law's one Is Bibimbab.  I recommend to everyone to try this restaurant.  

                Mixed feeling about mixed grain.  I don't know what to eat next time I come. If their whole menu is as good as the dishes I tried the first time, I don't know if I should try something new or stick with the tried and true.   I had it hot! Dolsot Bibimbop- Take one clay pot, add purple rice, beef bulgogi, veggies and then double the egg!  You can of course customize your own. Selecting hot or cold, white or purple, choice of protein and 1,2 or 3 eggs :)  In addition they offered a wide variety of ban chan to accompany the meal.  Very thankful that my girlfriend Naomi G introduced me to this place. Can't wait to eat again.  

                Love this restaurant. Let's be honest, this isn't the best Korean food I've ever had (that honor goes to my Grandma of course,) but here's what they get right:  Small informal place (but not tackily decorated like so many Korean restaurants I've been to... say this with love but no one wants Soju posters and Korean newspapers lining the walls), great service (the waitstaff speaks English for all the non-Korean patrons!), the menu is idiot-proof, the restaurant is clean (even the bathroom), the banchan is all well-flavored and they def keep it coming, prices are more than reasonable (yes, this place costs less than the cheap chain Tender Greens a block away) and the food is very well prepared and tasty. Here's where they pick up the bonus points: they have purple rice! Rare for most Korean restaurants!!! And they put a lil flag in your food to delineate who at the table had what dish. Love this.  Will make this cute family run establishment a stop off every time im in WC!  

