                My family loves this place. We pickup gluten free pizza from MOD a couple times a month and at this point several of the employees know who we are. But even prior to that everyone was incredibly friendly and helpful. Obviously we love the pizza (my wife also likes their salad) or we wouldn't keep coming back. Depending on the time/day the speed varies, but that's to be expected because they produce a great product and offer a welcoming atmosphere.   When we did have a minor issue the manager (Charlie) made it right and the employee was kindly apologetic. This will happen in any business and they handled it perfectly. I worked four years in a pizza place and believe me these guys are doing it right. We'll absolutely keep coming back and look forward to delicious food and excellent service. We highly recommend this location!  

                I honestly don't see what's so breathtaking about this place. My husband and I arrived to MOD Sat eve around 6:40 pm. I get it, dinnertime - ish rush. My hubby waited in line ( while i secured a table) for nearly 3ominutes just to place an order. In the meantime, the little girl at the table behind me was wailing and wailing about something and then started sobbing right over dad's shoulder and into my ear. I was about to lose it and bolted to another table.  The pizza was mediocre and the salad was not dressed properly - all or most of the dressing was at the bottom. Great. I can see the appeal for this type of joint, but I'm not itching to come back...ever.  

                I lied, I came back sooner than I thought.   They still used a to-go ketchup container to mix the pizza and bbq sauce together- but that's okay.   The pizza I had this time was MUCH better than my last visit.  I ordered a mini with Pesto, Cheese & Chicken. With some pizza sauce dabbed on top.   I will take in to consideration that I really don't like the chicken here, and not order it next time, but other than that, the pizza was amazing!   I highly recommend the PESTO! It is absolutely to die for! (Not better than my brothers, but its for sure up there!)   What made me update my review was Charlie, the general manager.   Charlie is fantasic, welcoming and takes pride in his work, he truly loves this Pizza joint and treats it like his baby!    My boyfriends pizza came out slightly burned, Charlie replaced it without us even mentioning/complaining about anything, he said he "Wasn't happy with how it turned out" so he went ahead and ordered another, HOW THOUGHTFUL IS THIS GUY???  After that, he continued to WOW us with his excellent service skills by offering us a free blueberry cheesecake milkshake, since he had said it was his personal favorite and we hadn't ever tried it...  THE MILKSHAKE WAS DELECTIBLE! Thick, creamy with intense flavors of blueberry & cheesecake in every sip...   Then, he went ABOVE and BEYOND by giving me an order of cinnamon sticks to try. AGAIN, INCREDIBLY DELICIOUS. They came with 3 dipping sauces; chocolate, strawberry & my favorite, cinnamon butter (OR SOMEEETINGGG) BUT it was the best thing ever. Plus if I didnt get it for free, it would be a STEAL at around 3 dollars!   We liked the cinnamon sticks so much, I went to order (and pay for) another order. WHICH HE ALSO GAVE ME FOR FREE.   This guy is really awesome and knows how to treat customers. Because of him and his amazing customer service, friendly attitude and generous gestures, I will be back many times in the future.   I think his method was to give us the BEST things on the menu, that way we drool all week until we satisfy our cravings again. GOOD METHOD, BECAUSE ILL BE BACK 4 DAT MILKSHAKE REAL QUICK!   Customer service is everything for me, and this guy is the BEST. Charlie, if you're reading this: MY DAD SAYS YOU'RE AWESOME! & I hope to see YOU next time we visit! It would make our meal that much better!   Would be 5 stars for CHARLIE, but those darn ketchup container spoonzzz. Hehe.  

                My first reaction: "It's like the Chipotle of pizzas!"  I'll make this review short. This place has a lot of potential. The service is good, the staff is very courteous, and friendly. The flow of operation? maybe needs some intensive change.   The order line is pretty quick and organized. But orders get mixed up after it comes out of the oven, customers waiting more than 30 minutes for one pizza. It took them 45 minutes to get our pizza out. They did not even call us, we saw it there, sitting on the counter. We got it somewhat cold, but still pretty good. Their shakes are very rich, and filling. I was so hungry that time, and If it weren't for the shake, I'd probably be so mad (YOU DONT LIKE IT WHEN IM HUNGRY -- Using the Hulk's voice)\  I MAY come back. no guarantee.. in a few months probably when everything gets sorted out.  

                I love MOD Pizza. I think I've been here about five times already, and I was happy with my order each time. I used to go to Pieology, but MOD is quite a bit closer. Here are some things that I like about MOD Pizza:  1) You get to make your own customized pizza. It can't get any better than that. It's great for picky eaters like myself.   2) They have a good variety of fresh toppings. I love that they have roasted garlic and even garbanzo beans!  3) The pizza crust comes out nice and crispy! Yum!  4) The pizza comes out in about ten minutes!   5) Their homemade ice teas are delicious as well.  Overall, this is one of my of my favorite pizza places and I recommend it to just about anyone.  

                Remember that Seinfeld episode where Kramer wants to open a pizza place where you make your own pie?  Well this is it..almost. You can't roll out the dough or anything, but you choose any or all toppings for 2 sizes of pie (or salad). There is a menu of recommendations, or you can just wing it.  We had 2 large pies, one with chicken and buffalo sauce and one was a standard with sausage, meatballs and pepperoni. (they had names - but I cannot remember them)   There is a wall of fountain sodas (including Mr Pibb!) and 2 iced teas and 2 lemonades.  The service was excellent. The place is spotless.  I would say the pizza itself is a 3 - but everything else (including a fair price) brought it up to a 4.   We will be back.  

                MOD: Made On Demand. The name of this newly opened pizza spot holds true to the fast-paced, personalized nature of the assembly line that caters to each customer's orders. MOD opened up right by Westgate Mall in San Jose, offering a surplus of sauces for your pies, unlimited toppings to satisfy your indecisive tendencies, and smiling staff to welcome your entrance to your sodium-packed guilty pleasure of the day.   Here's a breakdown of the place: it's like Subway or Chipotle, but for pizzas. The most popular entree of choice is a classic pizza, or "pie" as the workers say, while sides, salads, and pizza-styled desserts and milkshakes are also viable options. Boasting unlimited toppings on a personal sized pizza with a fixed price ($7.87 for an 11" personal pizza, $4.87 for a mini, and $10.87 for a mega), MOD is almost exactly like Pieology, if not better; the overall pizza was satisfying and the customer service was fantastic. The moment you enter the restaurant, you're greeted with an assembly line of smiling workers and an overall laid-back and "chill" environment. The aesthetic of the place is very much in line with the bold flat design trend, pleasing to the eye of any design appreciating customer like myself.   Though the restaurant has a menu for pre-made recipes for those who don't want to spend the time deciding what to put on their pizza, I opted for the customization. I got a classic MOD size pizza, 11 inches of food-coma inducing goodness. I started with BBQ sauce on the thin crust pizza with mozzarella cheese, and added spicy italian sausage, grilled chicken, canadian bacon, green bell peppers, roasted red peppers, pineapples, and mushrooms, topped with croutons at the end. The pizza itself wasn't absolutely stellar, but definitely worth the eight dollars. It wasn't excessively oily or salty, and the fresh-looking toppings were all generously spread across the pizza, complementing the crunchy thin crust.   The verdict: Now that MOD is so close to Cupertino, there's no need to drive all the way to San Jose for Pieology -- MOD pizzas are equal to Pieology's pizzas in quality and price, while the location is also easily accessible and the staff is friendly and welcoming. Though this isn't a place I would go to everyday, the friendly and customizable aspect of MOD makes for a great place for a nice lunch with friends.  

                I've been here several times. The food is consistently delicious and fast. Employees are super friendly. And did I mention how inexpensive it is? Such a great concept! Where have you been all my life?  

                I rarely give out five stars on a first visit, but this place deserves it!   I loved this place! MOD = someone told me it stood for Made On Demand. Not sure if this is true, but it certainly works. It's custom made pizza, made right in front of you, just the way you like it, with all the toppings you want. While waiting in line, I looked at all the toppings they have available. This is kind of like the Chipotle of pizzas, only better!   Bases: red sauce, white sauce, pesto sauce, bbq sauce, and garlic rub Cheeses: mozzarella, parmesan, feta, asiago, gorgonzola Not Meats: mushrooms, olives, tomatoes, artichokes, red onions, pineapples, bell peppers, garbanzo beans, japalenos, spinach, roasted garlic, & fresh herbs Meats: regular sausage, spicy sausage, pepperoni, salami, grilled chicken, crumbled meatballs, bacon, anchovies, & Canadian bacon  Once you get to the counter, you start with the first employee who asks you what size pizza you would like - the mini (six inch personal pizza), the mod (11 inch pizza), or the mega (this is two of the 11 inch pizzas...I guess stacked on top of each other). The dough is pretty thin (which I love, and makes sense since they need to cook it fast). They also ask you for your name (cuz they will call it out when your pizza is done baking and you can pick it up) and they ask you what kind of sauce you would like and if you're going to eat here or take to go. They mark all this stuff on the paper that goes under your dough. After getting your dough and getting the sauce you want on it and mozzarella, the next step is MEATS. The second employee asked me what I wanted. This was a bit overwhelming because there were so many to choose from. Then the next step after that is to pick your NON-MEATS. This part was also overwhelming. Thank goodness only one person was behind me in line, so I didn't panic. After you finish selecting all your toppings, which the employees sprinkle on in front of you, then the pizza goes into the oven and you go to pay for your pizza. The cashier just asks you what size pizza you ordered, or if you ordered anything else.   So for my pizza, I picked the mini size, pesto sauce, mozzarella, spicy sausage, salami, mushrooms, artichokes, red onions, and roasted garlic. All the toppings looked fresh and were chopped and organized in their own little container and laid out on the counter and labeled for easy viewing. The employees were super friendly and nice and fun! Awesome customer service! Not only were they personable, but they were really efficient - they've got the process down. Plus they were really patient with me while I was trying to figure out what toppings I wanted. The the prices are not bad! For my mini, with tax, it was under $6. I think it may have taken maybe 8 minutes to get our pizzas. I saw them stick the pizzas into the oven, and I noticed another employee taking the finished pizzas and plating the ones for eating in and slicing them. When you're pizza is ready, they call out your name. It was kind of hard to hear the names sometimes though, because there is also music playing in the restaurant.   I thought my pizza was really tasty. I did a great job of picking the right toppings!  The pizza was cooked perfectly and the thin crust was yummy. The crust kind of reminds me of the consistency of a cracker, but I like that. The roasted garlic was amazing - it definitely left me with major garlic breath but it was worth it. The artichokes were really tasty too. I ate the whole thing. And I actually think that I needed to order the regular mod size. The mini left me satisfied but not full, but I think the mod would've been the right portion for me. I'm totally coming back for more pizza, made my way! Delicious custom-made pizza + excellent customer service + clean + good prices = five stars!  

                3.5 stars w/ friendly staff rounded up to a 4.  Honestly it's mostly the same as Pieology or Pizza studio, but the biggest downer is the intferior crust; everyone knows the quality of the crust makes or breaks a pizza. While the toppings were fine, the crust was too thin that it was almost like a cracker. Additionally, they don't have an option to spread herb butter or any other spread on the crust prior to putting the sauce on it, so it's lackluster in flavor too.   I came here aroudn 7:15 on a Wednesday night and it was pretty empty. They do have their homemade iced teas and lemonades which are great, and they give you a free beverage cup if it's your first time.  I live between Pieology and MOD Pizza and closer to MOD but I'd rather drive the extra few miles to go to Pieology if I'm craving a good build-your-own pizza.  

                1st experience: I used to go to Pieology but decided to try this place because it's a lot closer and besides the location, I do think Mod is better. Pieology has burnt my crust a few times and Mods crust is thin but not like a cracker. Just how I like!  2nd experience: I was having a not-so-good day so I thought getting some pizza would make me cheer up a bit. Trina helped me and asked how my day went and she went ahead and offered some cinnamon sticks on her! WOW! Then I proceeded to eat my pizza and cinnamon sticks and Peter the manager walks by and asks how everything is doing. I had a little vent session and I guess he felt bad for me because he gave me a milkshake on the house! AMAZING! Now, I'm not saying that if you go to Mod and act super sad, you'll get free stuff. Don't be a jerk and take advantage of them. I'm just saying that they have awesome pizza and an even more awesome staff to go with it! Everyone always seems happy and on top of their game. Love the vibes of this place. Officially my favorite pizza place in town! THANKS, MOD!  

                I love this place. The workers are always super friendly-- they try to welcome every customer who comes in!! The food is very good and affordable. Countless toppings to choose from! If you don't completely know what to order from the Build Your Own menu, there are options on the side that are premade! And you can always edit those to your personal tastes by excluding or including certain toppings. The milkshakes are really good, too! (My favorite is the coffee mmmm) Would definitely recommend!!  

                Now I don't need to go to Seattle to have MOD anymore woo hoo thin crust, custom made (w spinach, yes didnt have it in Piology) hehe  awesome!  

                The place is fantastic!  Super crowded and the atmosphere is alive.  Staff is very friendly and efficient.    The pizza is great in that for the fixed price, you get to put whatever you want on your pizza.  They have a perfect size for young kids.  They also serve salads custom made to your preference too.  The one drawback was that when we got our pizzas, the crust was not up to par with the toppings.  I feel that if they can improve the recipe for their crust, this place would knock it out of the park for me!  I will be coming back on many occasions!  I love the location and staff here.  

                This is the best build your own pizza spot that I've ever been to. All the ingredients are fresh and you're able to add as much of any topping as you'd like. I ask for extra of pretty much everything, so don't be afraid to ask. The gluten free crust is my favorite. It's one of the best I've tasted. Another bonus, it's actually larger in size than the regular crust.   You can always expect great service too. The employees are super nice and friendly, especially Brad! Every person that I've interacted with has always been very helpful and happy to be there.  

                Assortment of possibly unrelated thoughts:   (1) Definitely better than Pieology, in that I actually wanted to finish mine.  Better sauce.  (2) You need to be in a thin, crackery-crust mood to go here, and not be the kind of person who has deep convictions of What Pizza Is.  (I like pizza with a little more heft, personally, but that doesn't mean other pizzas can't exist.)  (3) I got a single normal pie and when I got home my husband stole a piece.  He was happy, and I also wasn't too sad that he stole some.  In that sense "this pizza is a-ok" is an apt description, as I did not feel the need to fight him for it.  (4) Assembly line pizza is the new cupcake shop/smoothie bar/frozen yogurt stand, amirite?    The staff is very friendly, and you can duck into Trader Joe's while your pie is in the oven.  Would return if hungry and nearby, but perhaps not make a special trip.  

                Terrible service...order two minis. First one came out in 15 mins, which is understandable then the second one came in 20 mins afterwards. The pizzas were disbursed out of order. When I asked why someone with a large pizza came first when the people ordered five orders after us, there was no response. What is the point of eating together and ordering together if the meals come out 20 mins apart. Final outcome cold pizza and the other somewhat burnt....I will stick to the one near the soccer arena.  Hygiene issues first one is in the 45 mins we were there no one wiped down or bused the tables. Secondly, hair nets...the lady boxing and distributing the pizzas her ponytail was whipping back and fourth and I was watching just to make sure that it didn't touch my food lol.  

                Are custom fast casual pizzas the new hotness now? Theyre popping up everywhere. Not totally a bad thing. Sleek venue, crowded with families and locals. Tons of staff too. Got the Mad Dog(?) which had pepperoni, bacon, sausage, basically a ton of cured meats. Normal super thin crust get fired up and you've got pizza pronto. Decent flavor, good chew and crisp on the crust. It's solid. I noticed lots of beverage choices, some sides and desserts to boot. Folks are friendly and it's fairly satisfying.  

                Awesome new place. Pizza tastes very good and I like that i have the possibility to add any toppings with no extra charge. Crust is thin and tasty. The staff is "happy" and they serve you nicely. Try this place if you are a pizza lover, you will love it.  Small pizza 6" = 5.20$ with tax, Medium pizza 11" = 9$ with tax  At the prices above you can choose ANY toppings ! If you don't have the Mood for a pizza then you can order a salad, two sizes available and same rules and prices as the pizzas... Anything you want for your salad :-)  

                I came here on a Friday night (8:30 PM) and encountered a line of maybe ~15-20 people.  Here's the thing - for a place like this, you'd expect 15-20 people to take maybe what, 25, maybe 30 minutes? It took 45. We didn't place our order until 9:15, even factoring in the fact that several people ahead of us gave up their places and walked out.  Some of this can be explained by customers taking awhile to determine their selections, but it isn't helped by the fact that you can't choose items until you get to the front of the line, and some options aren't actually listed on the menu (namely salad types - I didn't know what greens were available until I got up to place an order). To add to that, the staff had some trouble with negative selections (e.g. 'I want everything but olives, pineapple, and roasted garlic'), which meant I ended up individually specifying 8 toppings for my salad.  The food is competent, but I really can't recommend this place without a rework of their approach. For something that has ~15-20 possible toppings organized in somewhat counterintuitive order (sun-dried tomatoes are next to the sauce, additional cheeses are after all the other toppings, and going back to add a missing topping causes undue confusion), having customers wait until they reach the front of the line to order just causes a major traffic jam for anything but the simplest orders. A form with checkboxes would arguably be a superior approach.  

                Eh. Staff was pretty friendly. Forgot my favorite topping (pineapple) on the bbq chicken i got to go (didnt realize until i got home). still ate it.  Interior is cool. Concept is neat. Pizza is bland. The crust(which is half the integrity of a good pie!) tastes like cardboard. Salad was fresh enough. Its cheap but you're definitely getting what you're paying for (or not paying for...) ill be back if i'm drunk or broke. lol. probably perfect for high school kids or for kids in general which i dont have nor am..  

                Great custom-made pizza place. Very similar to pieology. Lots of great ingredients and options to choose from. Fun place to go with the family or friends. Felt like the crust was a little bit chewy. I enjoyed the crust better at pieology.  Even with that said, overall good pizza friendly staff in a place that's worth coming back to you for pizza.  

                I fell in love with design your own pizza places in SoCal and have been looking for a convenient one in this area ever since.  I found MOD and couldn't be happier!  The staff is super friendly and very helpful.  I really love the white sauce, but the red sauce is pretty good too, especially when mixed with pesto.  There are lots of toppings to choose from and they are good quality.  I also recommend the cinnamon sticks with the cinnamon topping.  The pear tea is also fantastic.  I keep coming back because I can't get enough.  The staff felt one of my cinnamon sticks was overcooked so they made me another one and still gave me the (slightly) over cooked one too.  And they were both perfect! The crust is thin but has a good flavor and you don't get a ton of any one topping (which makes sense since you can get as many toppings as you want).  They have some great extras too, like being able to top your pizza with ricotta or roasted garlic.   I will keep coming back!  

                Okay, I guess location does matter. I tried the Mod Pizza on Cottle a few months ago and walked away unimpressed. I tried this Mod Pizza, because its close to home, and I was pleasantly surprised. This location is a lot more spacious than you'd think -- its nicely decorated, clean, and the noise level seems about right.   Most importantly, the pizza and the pizza crust were just darn good!   Friendly service too, you can tell the owner really cares about customer service here. Granted, I may be biased now -- I came in to pick up my order and she gave us a milkshake on the house. How sweet is that (pun intended)?  To avoid lines and the wait, I'd recommend doing the online ordering option.  

                Love this new spot! Chipotle and pieology lovers will definitely fall in love with this hybrid of the two in terms of food/style/decor. The ambience is relaxed and MODern. Employees were all super friendly and helpful.   I loved that I was able to order a "classic" and MODify it, giving my meal structure and leaving room for creativity. Each pizza is personally-crafted in front of you and all aspects of the pie are considered (from base to finishing sauces). I ordered a "Tyler" pizza with marinara sauce, pepperoni, bacon, pineapples, rosemary/asiago, and added a plethora of veggies and mushrooms, finished with a barbecue swirl. Each ingredient was added with MODesty allowing for the perfect bite with each slice. Each pizza is cooked to perfection on a wood-fire grill. Thus, the crust was thin but not too crisp, and the slices did not droop when picked up!!  My friend ordered a pizza with chicken and I found the pieces to be a bit too dry and tasteless. He also got a milkshake that was delicious, but very thick, lasting him a long time. I later learned one can get a free milkshake if his or her cellphone has a MOD sticker on it. For my next trip, I'll want to try a pizza salad and the garlic strips.   Overall, this is definitely a new favorite in my local area that I will be visiting a MODerately frequent amount!  

                MOD Pizza is basically Subway for Pizza.  You start off with one type of crust in three different sizes and you can add whatever toppings you want to it.  The largest size (Mega) stacks two crusts on top of each other with a layer of sauce in-between.  It's definitely a size that will allow for leftovers the next day.  These are all thin-crust style pizzas.  In my opinion a good pizza is one that is good the first time around and just as good the second time during leftovers.  This pizza was good both times and stays just as crispy after reheating in the oven.  The only downside that I have noticed with me personally and anyone I've ever gone with is that the crust tends to put a lot of air in your stomach resulting in a little late night "breeze."  Perhaps it's not the best place for a date if you intend to follow it up with any "intimate moments."    I intend to return again and would suggest it to others.  

                This place rocks. Friendly staff. Well priced pizzas. No additional cost for toppings. A huge variety. They gave my son a free dessert pizza for his birthday. Rocking music. I can't see myself ever going to another pizza place.  

                Ok whoa wow.... I cannot even begin to talk about the amazingness that is this and all varieties of their pizzas. Oh my sweet pizza god crunchy yet soft, gooey yet done! So fast and so amazing! Ordered ahead and live pretty close and all three made it home so hot and fresh and oh so gloriously wonderful! The other two stood no chance of photo shoot time because this pic was almost a miss because they begged to be devoured!  

                This place is great! Finally a place near me like pieology, now I don't have to make that long drive all the way to San Jose. The pizza is a thin crust and they have 3 different sizes pretty much small regular and MOD lrg or something which is a double crust pizza with cheese and sauce on both crust. This is super filing though, so if you want left overs for the next 3 days It's perfect! They also have some pretty interesting drinks that are not the ordinary fountain drinks that you should try out!  The staff is also super welcome and friendly which is always a plus! I'll  

                I came here for the grand opening! It was super busy and the line was basically right at the entrance. The interior was nice and it had plenty of tables and some booths. They were even offering a free photobooth for the grand opening! The line moved fairly quickly for how long it was.   So I've tried other customized pizza places like Pieology so I was interested in seeing the differences. It starts with a greeter who explains the choices and then starts your size pizza with the sauce. Then it starts with people putting on the meat toppings, other toppings and finishing touches. You then pay at cashier who asks what else you want (they have milkshakes and strips [garlic or cinnamon] and drinks!). Wait for your pizza and you can add extra sauces on it if you wish. Wait time depends on how many people but I probably waited maybe 5 mins for mines!   Shout out to Alfred who was super friendly and I liked his easy going personality. We chatted while he was putting toppings on my pizza. Every single worker was actually nice and quick though.  I went here a second time during my lunch hour on another day and it was pretty chill. Alfred basically made my whole pizza and suggested some options as well so I tried something different but it was really good! I got something he made which was a coffee milkshake and that was really great as well! The coffee flavor made it less sweet which was to my liking because I can't usually finish something too rich.   Overall I do prefer it over Pieology and would definitely go here thanks to my experience! :)  

                Went to mod for the first time, extremely satisfied! The staff was up-beat and friendly! This place is hands down 100 times better than pieology! Will be back sooner than later!!!  

                I give this place a 1 star because of their customer service and some questionable food hygiene practices.  The young lady who helped me out was extremely rude and gave off a very unpleasant vibe.  I spoke clearly and loud and she kept asking me which toppings I want over and over, maybe she is just unfit for this job?  Anyways, the place was packed and many people were waiting in line.  She tried to rush me like I was holding up the place or something.  I should get at least a few seconds to pick? She also berated me for putting my hand over the glass, so make sure you don't put your hand over the glass!  I did this because she is deaf and she cannot hear, so I had to resort to being a primitive creature since she needed hearing aids. Also, whats up with that sharpie they use?  They write all over my paper and then put the pizza on top?  I feel like there must be some toxic chemicals coming from that pen thats seeping into my pizza crust.  I will not be going to his location anymore.  

                I had dinner with my husband and cousins and ordered a total of 4 pizza and breadsticks among us 5. The line was pretty long and it took about 15 mins  to get to the front. No biggyy.. I can wait since I read great reviews on yelp..  So here is the 1 star. the girl that was taking our order (sharpie writer)who had dyed hair didn't have a hair net (btw the whole crew dosnt wear it either).  But i just couldn't help myself to blink to make sure the chemically dyed hair strand would be on pizza.   Another reason for my 1star.  I asked the cashier for 2 cups of water after purchasing 2 sodas.  And he tells me "we trust u. These cups r for water". Wth?!?!?! Uhmm ... no comment. Probably won't be back.  

                Solid. I went to the one in Seattle years ago when I worked there and loved it. They have this thing called Pieologoy out here in CA, but I find MOD slightly better. Tastes fresher, not as greasy, and feels a bit more high quality but actually a cheaper price.   Get a pie, load it up with sauce and pineapple, throw on some red pepper flakes, taste heaven.  

                Tried this for the 1st time. They build your pizza there in front of you. I got a 6" individual. It was $8. I think the price was too high,considering it was a very thin crust, but the flavor was very good. You can get fuller on one slice of $2 pizza from Costco, but this pizza is definately tasty. They sprinkled fresh garlic on it, and then baked in in the oven fresh, with whole tomato slices. If you're going for quality over quantity, you won't be disappointed.  I would definately stop by again.  

                We had lunch there again today.   We ordered two pizzas and had them made entirely different than 2 weeks ago.   As before, the food was fresh, the staff friendly, and I left stuffed (my wife had leftovers - if she does not wrap it up for her Wednesday lunch I will have pizza for breakfast).  

                I love Mod Pizza! The concept is great and the pizza is always tasty. On the rare chance that you aren't 100% happy with your pizza, they are happy to make you a new one. They're also very accommodating and are willing to use substitutes and take precautions to satisfy any dietary needs. I'm allergic to peppers and lactose intolerant so I really appreciate that they change their gloves before they make my pizza. This is my favorite location to come to because the restaurant is large and roomy and the employees are super friendly. I'm always especially happy to see Peter and Aliscia because they're eager to please and overall stellar employees. I am happy to continue to give MOD my business if they keep great employees like these two around :)  

                MOD Pizza is DELICIOUS! Great addition to this somewhat busy plaza, as it's next to trader joes and other stores. I use to go to Pieology allll the time, but now that I found this place (which is very similar) I don't think I will go to pieology as MOD has more options, better ambiance, nice seating areas, and overall great service! Everytime I come here I see that the workers are all very friendly and always welcoming right when you walk into the door. The service is pretty quick and there's never really crazy long lines like Pieology (don't get me wrong; I love pielology).   Mod pizza allows you many options to MODify your pizza and you can even get a salad version!  

                My mom had returned from a trip and being starved and exhausted, we decided to check this place out. I have to add here that I consider myself an extremely patient person so the long line was not really bothersome. After about 20 minutes of waiting in line, we order. The guys making our pizza were really friendly and helpful. At this point, I pretty much liked this place and would have given it 4 stars for concept etc. (-1 for the wait but whatever, it's new and I get it).  After about 30 minutes of waiting, we get called for the pizza my mom and I were sharing. They handed us a BURNT pizza; I don't mean slightly charred like thin crust should be-- I mean like I couldn't even see my toppings. The "manager" Peter thinks it a good idea to ask "do you want a new one?" OBVIOUSLY, I DO. We wait... again. 15 minutes go by... nothing. Pretty sure they gave our pizza to a couple that came way after us. One of the girls apologizes and goes on to say they were confused but will be making us a new one right away. I'm like dying of hunger at this point but fine, I wait.... again. It's been about 45 minutes and still no freaking pizza. I go up again and Peter goes "I'm the manager and I apologize I can give you a refund or pizza vouchers, but it'll be another 5 minutes". Cool and nice of you to try to redeem yourself, I think, BUT WHAT ABOUT MY PIZZA!?!? I really should have walked out at this point. Finally, we get our pizza about an hour later ; it's good, crispy, cheesy. We got the "salvatore" and I would get it again IF in another world I was to go back there again.   Pizza finished-- Peter is nowhere to be seen with my refund or vouchers; mind you, I even told him I didn't care about the refund but would like a voucher to give it another shot. I think he thought I was stupid and blew us off. Pretty sure he gave away about 10 pizzas in the time span I was there but I never got mine. I'm salty about his half-assed intention and attitude. I was especially annoyed because he was in charge of the pizza oven but was epically burning them.Somehow he had plenty of time to check his phone... I almost wanted to take over the pizza oven for him. I hate reviewing service because I'm so much about the food and quality but his apathy and the ridiculous wait was just not worth it. Taking my business to Delfina, Blue Line, or Pieology or elsewhere with better service.  

                Slow and inefficient service and set up. There is cheese in the red sauce, so be careful there. They have a lot of options, but you have to watch carefully that they don't get your order wrong. Plus, it looked like the ingredients were intermingled in the containers, so good luck trying to avoid cross contamination. All in all, I wouldn't come here again.  

