                AYCE Sushi $40 total with tax and tip. (I try to keep the prices real.)  $28.99 for dinner + $2.50 tea (yes, they charge for hot tea, + tax and tip = basically $40.00 per person.   The quality of sushi is great for an AYCE place and for a restaurant as a whole.   It's on the 1 in Half Moon Bay, kind of a far distance from SF but they take reservations.   Only 1 star because as the night went on, they didn't have some of the fish we wanted...and the service was kind of slow but friendly and helpful  

                I really wish Monster Chef would stop calling itself a "buffet."  Yes, this is an all-you-can-eat restaurant (with several menu item exceptions), but it's NOT a buffet.  Not that I'd want it to be.  Can you imagine how hard it would be to keep sushi available at a safe temperature and in mass quantities?  We visited on a weeknight, and half of the restaurant was dark.  It was a strange vibe.  The operating half was not full when we arrived, but within about an hour, there were no free tables.  Service was friendly but rather slow and absent-minded.  We had to wait long periods of time for simple things like water.  We received a few incorrect orders.  The quality of sushi was good, but presentation was basic.  I was very excited to try the takoyaki, because it's not easy to find, but the version here had an odd consistency and very little octopus.  Salads were good.  Grilled squid was okay.  Based on the price and level of service, I would choose other local sushi places over this one in the future.  

                Good service, good value for money, craft japanese beer, decent sake list.  Try the grilled Japanese Squid.  

                Not a traditional buffet. This is an all you can eat restaurant (with a few menu items exceptions). Drinks extra. Ice cream included but they will not tell you (coconut, mango, green tea & strawberry flavors). The quality of sushi was okay. The grilled salmon smells funky and tasted really bad. The grilled squid was good. Service was friendly but rather slow. Wait time here is ridiculous so make sure you have a reservations. Overall experience was okay. Will I be back? Maybe.  

                BEWARE AT ALL COST! I have never thought that I would go to an AYCE place and leave with an empty stomach. Yelp should have a function that yelpers can rate negative stars. Ok, I guess the one star can go to their huge private parking lot. That's the only plus thing.    Service: HORRIBLE. A waitress came to take our order, left and never to be found. We waved to a few others 3 times to get our beverages. No one came to take our empty plates (which was already stacking like a tower). No one came to take our orders for round 2 when we waved our hands 5x. We ordered round 2 on our own, with paper and pen. And most of our round 2 orders were not inputted in. No one bothered checking with us when our food stopped coming. We sat like idiots with no food, no water, no tea.  Round 1 food: 3 orders of omakase sashimi platter, 5 sushi rolls, 4 orders of nigiri, 2 salads, 3 appetizers. 4 handrolls.  Omakase Sashimi: A: Did an intern sushi chef sliced our fish? B: Or was the knife not sharp? C: Or were they just trying to be cheap? D: Or all of the above? Because our sashimis were quarter sized. Did they cut 1 normal piece in half for our order? The color was not vibrant or pretty at all, fish were not fresh. Tuna, yellowtail were badly sliced. You can see little bits of it on the side of the plate, and these two fishes were falling apart, a gentle pull can separate tiny pieces.  Rolls: Monster Sensei, Monster Luck, Monster Dragoon, 2 other I forgot (or it never came). They have the nerve to name their rolls starting with "Monster". More like monster babies. So thin! Just like those super thin maki rolls.  Drunken Clam in their special broth: We ordered 2 orders of this. We got a bowl of empty shells. 11-12 empty shells, 2 shells with clams still attached, and 3 other pieces of clams in the broth. Wow, 2.5 clams per order.  Round 2 food: 6 skewers, 5 rolls, 8 orders of nigiri, 2 handrolls, omakase nigiri platter. Guess what? Only skewers, 4 orders of nigiri came.  We waited 30 mins, skewers came, but my mushroom skewer was cold. Wow~ then 15 minutes later 4 orders of nigiri came. And that's it. We waited another 20 minutes. No food, no water. One of us went to ask where our food is, ohh, they were not ordered. We couldn't take it anymore, so we just decided to leave. Guess what, 18% gratuity was already included on the check, cuz we were over a party of six. They were smart to do that, if not, it's $0 for tips. Then when we pulled our wallets out to divide the amount per person, wow, the waitresses came pouring in to check up on us!  Monster Chef, thank you so much for your hospitality. I now know that I cannot experience any worse than what you guys gave us.  

                Monster Chef is okay at best. I'm not from Half Moon Bay so I don't know what the norm for sushi around here so it gets the benefit of the doubt and gets 3 stars.  The good: Friendly, if not slightly frazzled, staff. The ambiance is nice. Music and pretty lights and all that. The food is....pretty. Really lovely looking rolls. Also, the Arnold Palmer I ordered was perfect.   However  The bad: Wait time was ridiculous. We were seated (directly under a blaring speaker) and left alone with our menus. After that no one came over, even to take our drink orders for a solid 10 minutes. My boyfriend and I both ordered a roll and meat bowl each. After about 7-10 minutes mine came out (unagi with rice, pretty tasty, pretty small). After another 7-10 minutes his finally came out. We then had to wait ANOTHER 15 minutes before rolls came out. Meanwhile we weren't asked once if we needed our drinks refilled.  Now, there rolls were on the pricy end for sushi, which is fine as long as they "deliver". The rolls, while gorgeous (strict no phone at dinner rule last night so no pics) were pretty tiny. Definitely the skinniest I've ever seen. The flavor was disappointing as well.   We finished quickly and just wanted to leave but, of course, had to wait some time before someone brought us our check.  Now I may be biased since I've already found the perfect sushi place back home and MAYBE the $30/person dinner buffet it worth it, but if your just looking for delicious sushi this place is a no go.  2.5-3 stars tops.  

                This is probably the worst service I've had in a restaurant period. We were there for 3 hours and didn't receive some dishes that were ordered 2 hours ago. Do NOT come here if you value your time, because the servers and chefs here certainly don't. They also had the nerve to include mandatory 18% tip after the terrible service.  Food was mediocre at best.  

                I usually avoid buffets at all cost, but could not resist trying this one since we were starving after the day of hiking. This place is a gem, I'd love to come here again. Sure, it is probably not the fanciest sushi restaurant you can find, but they offer a very good value for the price and the fish was of good quality.   This is one of the very few buffet places where you can actually consume as much fish/sashimi as you want (including norway salmon, albacore, ahi tuna, ikura), not just the rice and seaweed.Besides sashimi, there are plenty of options to satisfy everyone's craving. We tried a few rolls and they were delicious, though too much mayo to my taste.   I don't get the complaints of some reviewers that the portions were small. Why bother if you can always order more?  All food is fresh and made to order. The service was fine - nothing at all to complain about.  

                BEWARE. Who leaves a buffet hungry or at least I satisfied? Apparently my whole party and me. This place has the slowest service I have ever had. This is the worse buffet or even regular restaurant I have ever been in. The place is so short-staffed it isn't even funny. There were three staff on the floor, but only two can take orders. One guy just brought us our food and didn't even tell us the names of the rolls.   Each time we wanted water, we had to flag someone down several times. It took them 30min and an extra reminder that we never got the 2 cups of hot water we asked for when we first sat down. We sat down before another party of 5, but their order was taken first.  Ordered several handrolls along with regular rolls and three orders of the chef's choice sashimi. The sashimi was cut terribly with little pieces falling off and I have never seen such small cuts of sashimi. I'm talking about slightly longer than a quarter. One look and I could see it wasn't fresh. Three orders of the sashimi is like the size of one order of sashimi at other Sushi restaurants.   The drunken clams were one of the worst. We got two orders and it all came in one bowl. As we tried to eat them, we realized the shells were empty! I kid you not. We counted and there were 2 clams in the shells and three pieces of clam in the broth. Everything else? Empty.   It took forever for the staff to take our plates away. We just sat between each plate we got. There was a minimum of 15min lag time behind each other. They forgot one of my friend's "monster" rolls in the first order.   When we tried to place our second order, we couldn't even flag anyone down. In the end, we wrote down what we wanted on a sheet of paper and gave it to one of the staff... Who then proceeded to miss half the order. We waited and waited for the food to come and nothing. We got our orders of nigiri. The slices on the nigiri were twice the size of the sashimi! Really?  The staff were going to help us reorder our missing rolls, but we decided that we weren't going to waste anymore time and decided to leave.  In the end, I was here from 11:40am-2:30pm. And I left completely i satisfied. I have no idea what I even ate. Several of my friends left hungry.   Just because you can get a guaranteed 18% gratuity because we are a larger party doesn't mean that you can ignore us. When we started to split the bill, then the staff started to pay attention. Then they asked if we wanted dessert. We declined ice cream. You can't expect to try and give us "good" service in the end, in hopes to make up for ignoring us for so long.  $31.60/person. It may seem cheap for an AYCE for lunch, but, trust me, you won't leave full. Better to take that money and go elsewhere.  

                Dinner was pretty decent. Made reservations and was seated right away. Ayce was the main attraction. The food we ordered were decent, staff was friendly and service felt quick. Was reading from fellow yelpers that service was slow and make sure you order a lot. Didn't feel the need to tonight, we were helped by multiple staff members. The nigiris are what makes it worth it. Try ordering a few. Overall a must try for the trendy curious people who just caught on.  

                1.5 STARS   Oh lawdy, where's Robert Irvine or Gordon Ramsay when you need them? Oh yah, prolly bonking their hawt wives in between sets.  OK, let's start with the good...  Walking into Monster Chef, I was pleasantly surprised at the upscale trendy atmosphere. Clearly, the owner spent a lot of $$$$ on the decor; down to the awesome Toto waterfall faucet in the restroom. Unfortunately, you can't eat ambiance. Instead, the money should of been invested in a restaurant consultant, training, and/or higher quality ingredients. I mean they're branding themselves as "fine Japanese buffet" except they aren't a buffet? Monster Confusion, yo.  For their grand opening month, Monster Chef is charging $33.99 a person for AYCE ($45.99 starting next month). Same price for lunch and dinner. There's no buffet stations, instead you're given a 6 page menu which you order from. Now the menu lists ridiculously overpriced items to give you the "illusion" that you're saving a lot of $$$. Kind of insulting IMO. For example, 4 piece shrimp tempura is $18 and one skewer with two shiitake mushrooms is $5 which is more than double the price of other Japanese restaurants.   * ~ * F O O D * ~ * *Sashimi (1): Sake & Hamachi: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1yQOXYD&s=6e59432de0ad69975bc4445bf6c5723e29d481be1dcd87d5c30cb12c5e8a89bc" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1yQOXYD</a> *Sashimi (2): Ika, Maguro, Hamachi & Sake: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1pEN2Wi&s=c9f35605cb7566a23d6c9d46cbbbb39faa643736d0a2295d4d41f925686d9b69" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1pEN2Wi</a> *Sake Carpaccio: *Monster Sensei (didn't order) & Monster Sake Fever: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1tfkWjv&s=4525ea196bf05a873639fd8884f193c1378868cf5e07db80473522909e640aab" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1tfkWjv</a> *Ebi Tempura: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1uMXTk9&s=bca058cdc83e07a5a6c2536c2f52a1895ef0fb6aefd4dfb6b013df0a28df27f8" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1uMXTk9</a> *Yakitori: --Momo: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1pENC6p&s=7c516919b28cc5a58e34f643487fe0df4a374f0398e5b7c2d91bc5d2cdc22ab9" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1pENC6p</a> --Kurobuta: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FXuKQX1&s=b0162dd73fc21d062a2ac8cb7c443472507159c88645e56bb0aae5424cab45c9" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/XuKQX1</a> *Kakuni: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FVzipVM&s=53ab4f23b8723299d276a838ca0ffd47b5bca69441a2c4312ff9ce80865c2f9c" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/VzipVM</a> *BBQ Albacore (didn't order): <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1tfllT3&s=608e1b6a4a65f25f8bd0c7c9d6866eb8b6a0a1d2fc689131cca222773beb9b45" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1tfllT3</a> *Hamachi Kama: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1uMWMkt&s=07f12f88c651544523dd9f61c9df13b2c83bc044bb76cc88902f98c762013157" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1uMWMkt</a> *Takoyaki: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FYoM6ep&s=e38ee8bb737573b0ea201e9aff02ad86bf53eb772be3278136a0bf85ae3ae7f6" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/YoM6ep</a> *Mochi: <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F1oJnkkc&s=a429f17777a98bd45dc33b931cc2a55da23d0cff4527e1b755fd839c788d21a6" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bit.ly/1oJnkkc</a>  Out of the 10+ items we ordered, the best items were the sake carpaccio and the takoyaki octopus balls.   As for the sushi, the presentation is gorgeous but the quality is what I suspected it to be which was on par with Chinese owned Japanese restaurants in Daly City and San Bruno. I'm shocked that people would compare the quality to Sushi Sam's, Sushi Kei, Ebisu or Ozumo. These places would NEVER serve sashimi that's warm around the edges and icy cold in the middle (i.e. hamachi). The sake salmon is the best of all the sashimis.   The rolls were anything but "monster" as their name indicates which I liked so you didn't get full on all the rice. The sake fever was decent albeit very chewy (nori) but took over an hour to arrive.  Except for the takoyaki, the cooked dishes (yakitori, BBQ albacore, kama, pork belly) were not good. The dishes didn't seem to be freshly cooked as it was tepid and very dry. It didn't make much sense since everything took SO long to arrive.   Overall, the food was about a 2.5 stars which I expected it to be for an AYCE (unless you're in Vegas, that is).   Good or not, we forced ourselves to eat everything since they charge a surcharge for uneaten food. I later read from other reviews that they charge an additional $45 for uneaten food. Uhhh seriously?!   * ~ * S E R V I C E * ~ *  Snail paced train wreck. I've been to many grand opening and this was not "grand opening kinks" but rather poor management and lack of training.   Unless you have 2-3 hours to spare, go elsewhere. We're fast eaters but we were there for 2 hours and 15 minutes; 90% of the time just waiting for our order. It wasn't even busy.  The ordering system is very inefficient for AYCE and the young staff was not fully utilized. Our nice waiter had an entire section to himself but I saw 4 other staff just floating around. He was stretched so thin that I felt really bad for him.  Orders were wrong, lost or forgotten, we received other tables' orders and vice versa. They should provide customers a checklist to mark off to ensure correct orders and to expedite the process.   Our first item (pork belly which is usually pre-cooked) arrived in 30 minutes and by this point, we didn't even have glasses of water. The roll took over an hour to come and came with another roll we never ordered (another table's order?).  Perhaps this painfully slow service is intentional so you become frustrated enough to just leave not having eaten your money's worth? If this is the case, they get 5 stars for their efforts!   We had stack of empty plates and one of the staff would grab one plate and walk away leaving the rest there. *scratches head*  * ~ * A M B I A N C E / D E C O R * ~ * Upscale and trendy but again money should of been invested in a restaurant consultant, training, and/or higher quality ingredients to match their branding and concept.   * ~ * P A R K I N G * ~ * Private lot.  I'm usually generous with grand openings but damn, Robert Irvine and Gordon Ramsay would have a field day with Monster Confusion. Not to mention, I got the Hershey squirts and my dining companion was bowing to Mr. Kohler after dinner makes me not feel so bad for my low rating.  

                I yelped 'all you can eat sushi' and this place came up. I guess it was meant to be. It's not that far and not too close to the city either. Took my wife here for Valentine's Day and I can say that we had a good time. The place had Valentine's Day decorations and it even had a photo booth that they made just for the night. They offered to take a photo with their instant camera and even offered to take one with our phone. Gotta give them a credit for being creative.   The host was great. I had to make last minute changes to my reservation and she was able to accommodate it. When we arrived she asked us if it was our first time and yelled something out to the chefs in Japanese and I guess it was a way for them of welcoming us. As for the food and service, it took a little while for the food to come but service was great. The waiter gave recommendations and was very patient. We were definitely stuffed after and satisfied. Would definitely come back for another intimate dinner with my wife.  

                Monster chef has a sushi chef and a kitchen turning out dishes as diverse as nigiri and slow cooked pork belly.  The menu and "buffet" concept involves a lengthy menu and 2 hours or so to eat as much off of it as you need for a fixed price.   We ordered 2-3 items each at a time until we were full. You can order a la carte, but it's a better deal if you're going to have more than 3 or 4 dishes  We started with pot stickers and spicy octopus. The octopus was amazing and the pot stickers were not. Moved on to yellow tail and salmon nigiri, A cucumber vinaigrette salad, tempura shrimp, fresh chicken bites, chicken cutlet on rice, a spicy tuna "Monster Appetence Roll", unagi hand roll, plus a large tray of toro and Norwegion salmon sashimi.   All in all the food was good. the kitchen gets major kudos for pulling off this many dishes at a good level of quality.   Note: Order the pork belly far in advance . They did not have it the night we ate there and it looks good..  

                My friends and I came here for the first time and we were impressed with the selection, quality and value. It took us about 45 mins from SF to get here due to traffic, but it was worth the drive. The five of us ordered a few rounds of sashimi, grilled whole squid , yakitori, snow crab ceviche, and so on. Everything we have ordered were on point. Must order Norway salmon sashimi, scallop sashimi and grilled whole squid. We will definitely come back for more!  

                This is an excellent Japanese restaurant. Went for the buffet. The food quality was awesome.  very fresh and very happy with their menu selections. Definitely get your money worth.   However, if you have been to Americanized Japanese restaurant, you might have a little hard time to adopt this restaurant.  

                I wanna say. I'm a picky customer, especially in Japanese food. This restaurant is much better than my expectation. Nice server and great food. Hamachi Kama is my favorite here!  

                We were very disappointed with the service. We were at the restaurant for 3 hours and waited longer for our food than we actually ate. Every Time we checked on our order, we would get the same response and that we will check on it. How come it takes over 15min each time for a person to check our order? And do not get me started on when it came to the bill...they did not serve everything they noted on the bill and when we asked them about it, the waitress asked if we made a reservation? We said yes and she said "next time, pre-order your food. We are busy and we have to attend to other customers as well." I am sorry but this is an all you can eat buffet and we complained a couple of times for the long service and not once did any one apologize to us . And to make things worse, the manager told us not to come back! This place does not even deserve 1 star for their service!!!!!  

                This review doesn't concern any food or drink that this place serves, as we never even had the opportunity to order anything.  Showing up early for our reservation, we were seated pretty quickly with menus, water and edamame.  They were busy, but there were some empty tables as well so it wasn't chaotic.  We both decided we'd probably have the "buffet" (which is actually a prix fixe menu), but we were unsure what was on that menu, as well as how the whole thing worked.  We waited for 20 minutes and never had a server show up to explain the menu or check in with us and introduce themselves.  We did have people paying attention to refilling water, and another person on the floor letting us know that someone would be with us shortly.  We then saw a server go over to another table that arrived well after us and started to take their orders.  At this point we left.  Honestly, I would say a review of "zero" stars would be appropriate here: it's irrelevant whether we went or not, as we didn't experience anything about this place.  To give them credit (as well as justify their one star), we did get a voicemail message from the floor manager wanting to find out why our table was cancelled and stated she heard there was one table that left that night (01/16).  At least they are trying to find out what happened.  As a side note for future reference, you should probably wait until the next day to call if you're initially calling the customer at 10:45 PM.  

                Food is fabulous. It's a great deal for your money. If I were to eat that much sushi at another restaurant it would be close to $120.  They are a little unorganized and need to train their waiters better to know the menu. I hope they can get it together because I love the food here.  

                The Best Sushi Stop in the Bay! All You Can Eat & Drink!!!!  What a great place! Located right off of highway 1, Monster Chef truly delivered a monster feast that was both delicious and artfully displayed. This was absolutely one of the best all you can eat sushi & all you can drink (sake + beer) I have ever been to.   Whether you are just passing by on Highway 1 or hanging out in Half Moon Bay, I highly recommend stopping in for some fresh fish and Japanese cuisine at its finest.  

                WOW has this place turned around!!!!  They must have read all the reviews on Yelp and taken the feedback from people to heart because Monster Chef is truly a great little GEM now!  A lot has improved!  The Quality of Service - We have noticed they have hired new servers who know and understand the menu, who can answer questions, and get your orders right.  If something is missed or not correct, they fix it quickly.  Because of this we have been able to finally try so much more on their menu!  The Quality of Food - Monster Chef has really improved their quality of seafood.  The freshness of all their Sashimi has been amazing, Ahi Tuna, Salmon, Scallops, Lobster, all fresh, bright, and cold, just the way you want your raw fish to be!  The sushi rolls are made to order, and although small (which is how I think they keep their buffet costs down), you can order as much as you want!  Their appetizers and non-seafood items are tasty. They have some interesting items on the menu that the servers are now happy to talk about and explain.  Since it's a "buffet" they always suggest to just order it and give it a try!  It is a great way to try some new items that you might not normally because you didn't want to spend the extra money on.  The buffet price is worth it and it only makes since to choose that option instead of ordering A La Carte.  Being locals, I'm glad we gave Monster Chef a chance to work out their kinks and I'm glad we gave it another try.  I see ourselves becoming regulars!  

                We are Coastside locals and decided to try Monster Chef tonight for the All-You-Can-Eat buffet. Bring your appetite because almost everything on the menu is included! We really enjoyed the seaweed salad, monster rolls, California rolls, fresh sashimi, shrimp and veggie tempura and coconut ice cream. Our waitress was very attentive and my tea cup was never empty for long. My husband really liked the chilled glass for his Sapporo beer.  All together a great experience and we will be back!!  

                Absolutely love this place!!  Came here last weekend with my family and this is one of the best AYCE ever had.  The quality is totally beyond buffet style and they are great!  Although this place may take some times to get there, it is definitely worth a try and easy to find a parking as well.  The only advice is to order several more dishes at a time since each dish is not a big portion (as a typical Japanese restaurant).  

                Delicious. We tried something new and was very happy. Really good food and atmosphere.  

                1. Atmosphere: PRO- welcoming, peaceful decor, & enough space between tables.  CONS- Table is too small if you order a lot.   2. System: Order anything off of the menu and jot it down on an order sheet for one fixed price ($45, but $34 for the first opening month). Eat what you like, or leave on the side. No alcohol and drinks are NOT part of the buffet (odd much?!).   3. Service: Excellent, but servers need to know exactly what's in the ingredients [Please re-train your staff, have them try your food & understand what's inside. Know how to describe it to first comers.] Also, the servers needs to speak up louder and clear as it is difficult to hear with a soft voice over the surrounding noises.   4. Food Quality: My hats off & bow down to the chefs of Team Monster Chef!!! Each & every plate presentation was beautiful, succulent, & extremely flavorful (my pictures speaks for itself - first 10 pics of the album).   5. Overall & advise for new comers:  Overall experience was pleasant and I would definitely come here again with my big family & friends. $45 per person might seem like a sticker shocker to the locals, but for tourists & travelers, that's a steal deal & especially the quality you pay for.  Advise for new risk takers: Come in with a SUPER DUPER UBER EMPTY stomach and prepare to eat all you can with the top notch quality!!!  Enjoy!   Eat well folks,  Tsering C. | Boston, MA  

                We recently came in for dinner. I hate to say this, but I spent the next 10 hours running back and forth to the bathroom. Seven trips in all. I have no idea what didn't agree with me, but I'll list my concerns...  The sushi rice was cold. That means it wasn't freshly cooked. It was cold like the packaged sushi you buy at Safeway. Who knows how old it could have been?   Most of the sushi fish was refrigerator-temperature cold. Even the pan-seared tuna had not been freshly cooked in the pan. It was cold as well. Could I have eaten old fish? It's a possibility...  The spicy tuna was a mushy mess. I have no idea what was going on here. Could this have been old as well?   My wife didn't eat much of the same things I did. In fact, most of the items she ordered were freshly cooked, like grilled mackerel, fried tiny octopus, and baked oysters, so she was alright.  I read other reviews about initial service issues, but I think they got it worked out. Our serving team was very nice and efficient. But they definitely have some food quality issues, and I'm guessing people now know it. When they first opened, the place was packed every night. But we recently went in on a Friday night and it was virtually empty.  Why settle for such poor quality when you can get fresh seafood right across the street?   Sorry, but I just don't see us returning here...  

                At first I was optimistic about this place, my thoughts were an upscale Japanese AYCE ($28.99 adult) place where you order as you go aka meaning fresh. After reading the negative reviews, I saw a lot of it was about service so I decided to still give this place a try.  When we first walked into the restaurant, it smelled off but we couldn't put our finger on it. We were so hungry and waited so long, aka other better restaurant across the street had longer wait times therefore we decided to stay. I work in restaurants and attention to detail is key, first impression, my seat was dirty, drink menu was stained, walls and floors were not well maintained. Isn't this a new restaurant?   Actually the service was decent, our food was quick, only odd thing was we weren't sure if it is pulled tips but halfway through we were directing all questions to a different server and never saw our original sever the rest of the night.  The food, on the reviews the positive one raved about the freshness. On the contrary, the apps potsticker was just ok, the temperature varied, we ordered them twice. Baked mussels and soft shell crab were ok. I had the nigiri, normally it will melt in your mouth but my salmon and tuna was tuff and hard to eat. Next, the monster roll were so small, I ordered the raw sushi scallops and avocado/tuna. Scallops was gross and slimey. The avocado/tuna cuts on top were bad, I never seen a tuna sliced so terrible and the way they were rolled they break as you pick them up. Also, the tuna was an off color. We are by the ocean, seriously the docks are walking distance! My bf had the Katsu curry bowl, it was a small bowl but decent in taste. Finished with green tea ice cream probably the highlight of the night. Very mediocre. Total ordered: Apps-5  Nigiri-2  Rolls-3 Entree-1  Beer-1 =est. $80, little over $6 an item, from the quality I would not spend $6 if that was regular price. I could find similar or better quality at a Chinese buffet for less.  The positive; The music was chill, laidback American but does not go along with theme. Bathroom decor was nice but did not keep clean.  Cool concept but operations sucks.  

                I was recommended here purely because I wanted takoyaki. But what I got out of it was way better. All you can eat sushi/sashimi/appetizers for $29 adult?! No strings attached?! ANYTHING ON THE MENU?! GET. IN. MY. BELLY.  I came with a reservation and was greeted and seated immediately. (I highly recommend to do reservations via Open Table) For the price, the quality was great. If you're very into eating a lot of sashimi, I'd definitely recommend coming. They have the basics (Salmon, Hamachi, etc). toro and something else is an additional $8 per person. But it's worth it if you love it!  If you think about it, sashimi runs at roughly $1.50-$2.50 per slice, depending where you go and how big they are. I felt that $29 was a fare price for the amount of sashimi and variety of the menu. Did I mention that they also include grilled fish as well?  Service was, for the most part, good. I had a very nice Asian woman helping and she was so polite and sweet. Bus boys seem to be always around to clear tables.   The speed of the food was slightly slow. ONLY SLIGHTLY. That's only because I arrived the same time as three other big tables. If the timing was right, there shouldn't be huge delays. But the speed DID NOT BOTHER ME. It was okay.  Also, the takoyaki was bomb dot com. Come here with friends if you love sushi! If you don't want AYCE, you can also just order the food and pay separately, only it won't be worth it because that is sort of expensive ...  

                If I could give zero stars I would. They took forever to give us food and at the end didn't even give us half of what we ordered during the second round. We basically were missing lots of rolls. They waived the tea fee for us due to this probably but it still wasnt worth it. Half an hour for someone to take down our order? Always having to request tea and water refills? No thank you. We left in the end even though we weren't full or felt like we got our money's worth because we weren't going to sit around for an hour waiting for food to come. They were quick to give us the check but so slow with service. Never coming back even if they will see what they can do for us next time (manager's words).  

                I do not intend to be rude to my fellow diners, but folks if you think that the food here is good by Japanese standards, you really need to get out more.  The food is a zero.  My adult son & I were really looking forward to trying our newest coastside Japanese eatery.  Never heard of a Japanese Buffet here in CA so was eager & hungry.  The interior is dark and nothing special for a Japanese Restaurant with an upscale pricing scheme.    The menu & food handling were shocking.  No buffet of any kind.  Only a small-ish menu with very high prices that we were encouraged to "order all we want from" as their version of "buffet" is menu food for a fixed price.    Folks, that is a fixed price menu, not a buffet.  A buffet is constantly fresh foods being set on tables that we chose from.  This was a different creation altogether.    Food quality?  1 out of 10.  The staff kept asking us how it was, but I  find it offputting to complain throughout a meal, so we just nodded and kept trying other things.  The tuna is pale as whitefish.  Never seen such pale tuna & salmon in all of my life.  Perhaps Tom Sawyer hit it with the whitewash after he finished his fence?    The way they deep fry their tempura and other frieds foods was far closer to McDonalds NYC than Toyko.  It was ... bad.  The "spicy tuna roll" was mushy, fishy, and .... worse than bad.  The tempura was raw veggies (still cold & stiff inside) deep fried in the stuff fast food places use for fries.  Closer to a veggie churro than tempura.  The sushi was the worst I have had in 5+ years including over 100 different sushi restaurants in Sydney & California. The only red salmon I saw was on the dragon roll and it was dyed or something as it was way to bright red.  The bill came to $75 for 2 people including 2 beers.  The beers were the best part of the meal by far.    Unless I read there were huge changes made including hiring a real chef who trained in Japanese cooking, we will not be back.  A terrible shame as I would spend $5,000 a year there if the food was good.  We live nearby and love Japanese cooking.  This place just has a sign saying it is Japanese.  That was the most authentic thing there except the beer.   The food is ... bad.  

                I am one of those reviewers that only give reviews when they make it so that I have to review with either the worst service &/or food or with something special.  If there was a possibility to give this place a negative score, I would definitely give it a -5!  Service here was terrible and the portions were tiny! The sashimi we ordered were the size of a quarter and only gave us four pieces each when we ordered 3 servings, THREE! The rolls were tin, if you were to lay it down on a plate and place a quarter on top, the quarter would be bigger than the circumference of the roll.  No one came to refill our water and teas, no one came to pickup the empty plates, we had a tower going on there before they probably decided that it would be dangerous if we were to stack more, and they totally ignored us! We tried to wave them over but they always say that they'll be right with us but even after 10 minutes, no one came back to help us.   A lot of our orders didn't come and we left hungry! I think about only 1/3 of our orders came! They charge for tea too! $3.50! We were there for a total of 3 hours with empty stomachs! We ended up having to go elsewhere to fill our bellies!   If I were you, I would NOT come here ever! No need to waste money for mediocre sushi! There's nothing special here... I don't get why people are giving it 5 stars...  We were a group of ten but I saw that other larger tables had no problem in getting faster food and service!  I would never ever recommend someone to come here ever and I will never come back here again!  

                Monster chef has seriously stepped up their game since opening. They have made cuts to their staff, so that now their staff base is minimal, but all of the staff are very well educated about everything on the menu and know how to wait tables etc.. The service was quick but not annoying. We had our food within 5-10 minutes of ordering each round. We probably ordered about 3 rounds of 2-4 dishes.  The food is fresh, and since their opening, monster chef seems to have made improvements to almost all their dishes (especially their tempura and grilled dishes). Overall, my favorite dishes were the spicy tuna maki, the salmon carpaccio. The monster luck is really good as well, but the sweet sauce on top was a little too spicy for my liking.  In my opinion, the only way to eat at monster chef is to do all you can eat. The portions are pretty small, so when I get the AYCE, I end up ordering about 5 dishes, which would end up being about $35-$60 otherwise. I'm glad the monster chef has brought down their buffet prices. I think it is $23 for AYCE lunch and $28 for AYCE dinner. Rumor has it they have all you can drink draft beer and hot sake for $11, but I have yet to try it.  In my opinion, monster chef is on par with or better than sushi main street and much, much better than Shiki. Highly recommended.  

                Went here for a birthday dinner, on a Thursday night. Did the AYCE dinner.   The service here was great, usually at AYCE sushi dinners the staff kind of rush you through your meal, however the staff were very nice and took very good care of us. It did take a little time for our food to come out, however this is because everything is cooked to order and they seemed a little understaffed when we went in.  The sushi and sashimi were on point. Again, everything was cook to order. The yellow tail sashimi was one of my favorites, however it was their Takoyaki that stole the show. If you go here order their Takoyaki, you will not regret it!  Presentation was great, everything came out in nice portions that were easy to share.  Overall, I would say it's the best deal to get the AYCE since you have basically the whole menu to choose from. Will definitely come back here!  

                If you're in SF, it's worth the 30 min drive to come out here for AYCE made to order sushi. I'm going to be honest, you're coming here for the sashimi and the appetizers. The rolls are just downright sad. We got two different rolls and if that's all they had, they would go out of business. Luckily they have amazing sashimi and pretty good apps. Refer to the menu for your favorite kinds, but it was pretty much all good and the sashimi was really fresh. Love that everything on the menu is available to order, even if you want to top off your meal with a chicken katsu curry. I would make a reservation for larger groups, but they do have a lot of seating. Parking lot is pretty much unlit so it's dark at night, luckily this is Half Moon Bay and not Oakland.  

                Did the AYCE and the sashimi was very fresh. The rolls were small and so were the other dishes. But since you order all you want, you can always get more.  Food was slow even though we were third or fourth table for lunch. That's where they lost a star.  

                Worst experience ever! I'd probably give it a zero star if yelp let me.   I was super excited to try this place since it's the first buffet izakaya place I've ever heard of. Dragged my family to half moon bay, even made ressies for lunch.  We get there and they tell us, sorry we changed lunch to regular meals because we figured out people don't like to eat a lot for lunch. uh... ok... why is the name of your restaurant buffet, it doesn't say dinner only buffet anywhere!! so we basically went there for nothing.  We were forced to order the super expensive food for lunch with the tiny portions. We had two bentos and two rolls (small rolls, not sure why they call themselves monster, the sizes are super small) and our bill turned out to be $120 and we weren't even full! Pretty pathetic.   They had zero customers at the prime time of noon while other restaurants in the area had huge lines. That alone should tell you something.  Also the waitresses here seem super dumb. First off they greet you in japanese when they aren't japanese and they can't even say it correctly. We just stared at them in disbelief while they butchered welcome and thank you in japanese. Second they asked us if we want miso soup then proceeded to tell us it comes w/our meal, it's like duh if it's part of my bento meal, wouldn't you just bring it?? why ask me if i want miso soup like it's an addition? DUMB. lastly when we asked for our bill, they gave it to us without totaling up our bill. Uh what do we pay? what's the total? they need to go to waitressing 101.  Anyways won't be back here. Also to the restaurant, you need to stop the fake advertisement - you're not a buffet. Don't trick other people to come here. The End.  

                They get 2 stars for yummy sushi.  They get deducted 3 stars for: 1. Poor awkward service 2. SUUUUPER long wait time for food 3. High prices and SUPER long wait time  We got a few apologies for waiting so long for our sushi from our super awkward waitress but nothing else. With such high prices, I'd think we'd get some kind of discount or something... nothing. At first, we thought, with such high prices we could just order lots of food. But the food took so long we didn't leave feeling full, only angry.  Our waitress was soo awkward. She would come up to our table and ask us if we were finished with our completely empty plate. Then reach to take it, then hesitate, then finally take it. I think it's more of a 'had to be there' kinda moment, but she was awkward...  They tried to make this place upscale but it's actually just casual... greeting you in Japanese, playing really annoying elevator music... Well, it got annoying after almost 4 hours of sitting there waiting for food.  I might come back for take out, because the sushi was good. Just expensive. Don't wanna try to deal with their service again though!  

                As a local, could not believe the prices they're charging.  The word "buffet" should be taken out of the name of the restaurant because it's a misnomer.  We walked in, curious about it and thought about having lunch, but also walked out in sticker shock.  I was honest with the woman who greeted us and told her that locals won't go if it's priced that high.  She responded with a comment about the high quality of the ingredients, but the bottom line is how much comes out of your wallet.  Very surprised to see that the price will go up even more after the first month, and that you have to eat 50% on your plate in order to avoid a surcharge.  What are the owners thinking?? - I think they need a dose of reality.  

                We found out yesterday that this restaurant had just opened. I was skeptical of the name but we want to support the local restaurants. When I think of Japanese all-you-can-eat places I think of Todai or the Todai like places that have sketchy fish and serve Chinese food too. I was pleasantly surprised that this was not the case at Monster Chef.   We made a reservation for four adults and two kids for 5:30 pm since the kids are fairly young. We were seated promptly and the menu was explained to us. There are prices listed for the items but that is for take-out only. If you choose to eat you pay the buffet price (~$33 for its first month, increasing soon), kids under five eat free. Easy enough to understand.   Funny side story, the family seated next to us, more specifically the mom, could not understand the prices were for takeout. She didn't want to eat that much so she said she would just pick off others' plates. She got pretty bent out of shape when she learned that was not how it works. First rodeo, I presumed.. I get that she didn't want to eat that much but I also get the restaurant's POV regarding this issue. She pouted during the rest of the meal and repeating that it didn't make any sense. Moving on..  The robata grilled items, ceviche and some donburis are listed on the paper that you mark to order. Sushi and sashimi orders are taken by the servers. The raw fish was amazing. Like Sushi Kei in Millbrae or Sushi Sam's in San Mateo amazing. The chicken karaage and robata items were tasty too. My favorite item was the braised pork belly. The sauce was lighter than I've had before. So good.  My only critique of the food was that the tempura kabocha was a little dry. The piece I got was too thick, it crumbled when bitten and was a bit chalky. However, the batter for the tempura was nice and light and the other tempura items were great.  Lastly, I've noticed most complaints are about the service. We had no problem and liked our server a lot.   In sum, $33 for the quality food they serve is pretty incredible. Similar items and amounts at Ozumo in San Francisco would have cost at least twice that. We will be going back very soon.  

                The atmosphere is excellent and they even greet you in Japanese. Although they forgot to bring out some stuff that we ordered and they took a long time to bring it out. Granted they were very busy so it's an easy mistake. The servers did a great job of asking us often how everything was.   It is a little pricey, but I think $34 is worth it if you order plenty of sushi and the higher quality stuff on the menu.   The waiter seemed like he was in charge of too many tables so maybe they should hire more people? But again, it was way busier than normal when we went.   Great fun. I recommend it. The sushi is great. (But not the chicken karange, it tasted frozen and simply a filler).  

