                So what can I say... The whole experience was amazing. We were married on 8/31/14 and Skot and his crew were more than I could have ever dreamed of.   From the initial meeting with Skot I knew he was the right fit for me. He is very particular and professional but with a laid back approach that I really enjoyed. It was never stressful or disorganized. He always knew what was going on when. He helped me organize my rentals for tables, flatware etc. and even told me I should rent some bar tables that I didn't think I needed, but he was right and they made the space so much more of a wedding space.  Day of the wedding. They all got there and got to work. Had everything set up beautifully by the time our guests arrived. The passed appetizers as well as our stationary one were a big hit. (They even set some aside for the groom and I to enjoy!)   Dinner: we did a family style meal which can be a pain at a wedding for that many people(115). But it went flawlessly! The food was phenomenal! I am 36 and have been to many weddings. We all know what mass produced food tastes like, and this was NOT that!!!! It was all so good! Better than I ever imagined.  Staff: Skot has people that he brings in with him who are all great!   Barry: who was the floor manager for our wedding as well as taking care of the groom and I as we ate. The nicest man ever. So professional and very sweet at the same time.   The whole experience was just perfect! And to make amazing food for 115 people for an outside wedding at a private residence was more than I could have ever hoped for.   Thank you Skot, Barry and the rest of the staff!!!!  

                As a small business owner, there's nothing more reassuring than when I know a supplier "has my back". Skot & the Napkins team recently pulled me out of an emotional ditch, as another caterer backed out of a confirmed date.  (I won't be reviewing them!). My team @Propville has worked with Napkins on 3 projects over the last 2 years. In off the beaten track locations, each meal has been on time, delicious and presented with so much love, my guests feel that in every bite! Quality, honesty & beauty is what Napkins serves. Love!  

                Weddings can be very stressful! So much thought goes into the Big Day.  As the mother of the bride, I was happy to work with Skot from Napkins Catering.  He was professional, reliable, and very accessible during the planning process. Skot provided pleasant staff that made the event go smoothly. We had a few guests with special dietary needs which Skot accommodated with appropriate dishes.  Kudos also to Barry, the floor manager. Barry's calm demeanor and "take charge" attitude gave me the freedom to enjoy my daughter's wedding. I highly recommend Skot and his crew for any event needs.  

                Napkins Catering served my wedding, and it couldn't have been more perfect. We chose to have a dinner buffet, and the food was absolutely amazing - even the chicken.... which I was skeptical about being dry, but it was so juicy it fell off the bone! Skot and his crew were so friendly and helpful, and were instrumental in making my wedding go smoothly without a single hitch. If you are looking for a GREAT catering and event planning provider..... LOOK NO FURTHER!  

                Napkins catered and planned our October wedding, and I couldn't have asked for anything better. If you want a group that will take care of things for you, so your wedding can be worry free, look no further!  Skot, Jeff and the amazing staff at Napkins are all down to earth, friendly and great people!  They helped us pick our venue, craft our menu, rent our linens, and made life easy! Our guests raved about our food, and how smooth the whole event went.  As our planner, Jeff made sure that we didn't have a single worry on the day of our event.  Skot put together a five star meal for nearly 200 people and there was no kitchen at our venue!  We couldn't have asked for a better staff at the wedding, they were all fantastic!  

                Amazing food & amazing service! My fiancé and I had our engagement party in which Skot served an array of yummy hors d'oeuvres that my guests absolutely LOVED! To give you an idea of what was served: mini chicken & waffles, grilled cheese and tomato soup shooters, caprese salad skewers, stuffed mushrooms, & more! Skot even saw that I was so busy entertaining my guests that he brought me over a grilled cheese & tomato soup shooter which I totally appreciated! Even while he made the food, he also made sure the guests as well as myself were comfortable! He had suggested ideas to help with the foot traffic which totally worked once some things were changed around! On time, very approachable, & very professional! I will definitely hire him again as his food and service were amazing and my guests are still talking about it! Thanks Skot!!  

                3 months to plan a reception for 150 people for my best friend's wedding. Skot was informative, broke down all the costs, didn't mind all my crazy phone calls, and made all of us so happy we chose to work with him. As a first time planner I can say, Skot made a WORLD of difference for me! Skot and his staff were attentive, gracious, and warm. Never once did the bride & groom need to lift a finger because Skot and his staff were taking amazing care of them! How can I forget to gush about the food! We did chicken, lasagna, and veggies that were out of this world! They don't miss a detail when the last second I was told we had a vegan in the party and they came through with a special dish that she said was just a amazing!   I'm so very thankful that Skot and his staff worked with us, I couldn't have asked for a more amazing group to work with.  

                I moved to Solano County in December and shortly thereafter got engaged.  I was not familiar with any catering services in the surrounding area so I went to YELP and searched for caterers.  Napkins catering was one of many that I contacted to discuss food options and costs for our July 2013 wedding.  I can honestly say that none of the other businesses I contacted impressed me as much as Napkins Catering did!  Skot from Napkins won my heart!!!  He was quick to respond to my inquiry and when talking to him, I felt and heard the excitement about making our day fantastic when the others came across flippant.  Skot was very attentive and consistently reassured me to not stress because he has it handled.  Skot reviewed the party rental agreement several times to ensure all necessary equipment (linens, tables, etc.) was ordered and without hesitation met me and my then fiance at the venue to give us fabulous suggestions in how to best utilize the space at our reception site.  The food presentation was gorgeous and the food was delicious!!  The service provided by Napkins staff was very professional as well as attentive.  My husband and I were always being asked if we needed any food or drinks throughout the evening.  Janeen, who works for Skot as the on-site event coordinator, is outstanding!!!  Not only is she adorable, she knows her job and does it well.  She arrived early, confirmed with me how I wanted things done and then got things done!!! She took care of everything, even ran back to the bride's dressing room to get items we forgot to grab for our photo shoot with the photographer.  Napkins Catering and Event Planning is the best in the Bay Area.  I guarantee you will be equally impressed and as happy as we are when you choose them to cater your wedding or event!!!  Again, many, many thanks to you Skot, Jeannie and the Napkins staff!!!  

                What a wonderful experience we had with Napkins Catering!  Expert set up and service with  food as beautiful to look at as it was good to eat. Afterwards, the clean up left nothing to do but relax!   I look forward to another opportunity to be with such talented professionals!  I highly recommend Napkins Catering.  

                It's one thing to say a caterer is inventive, does incredibly creative and mouthwateringly sumptuous food but to have that, AND Skot and his friendly, professional team who will work with you and do with whatever you want is the BEST winning combination.  We have been blessed to work with Skot and his team for over ten years and every time was perfect!  Lynne E  

                Jeff, Skot and the entire team at Napkins catering made our wedding day unforgettable and stress free.  Jeff and Skot met with us several times to make sure no detail was forgotten.  On our wedding day, everything looked amazing and the food was awesome!  Best of all, their staff made sure that WE (bride and groom) were taken care of.  They brought us our glass of wine no matter where we were, sent us home with some snacks, and even replaced the food on our plate in case it had gotten cold while we were talking to guests.  Highly Recommend them for any and all events!  

                Where to begin?! I never write reviews, but Napkins catering was so awesome that I had to l share the wealth! My husband and I used Napkins catering and event planning for our wedding last month. Simply put, everything was amazing.  We checked out a few different caterers for our wedding, but as soon as I met Skot and Jeff, the decision was clear. Not only was the food that they prepared for our tasting delicious, it was apparent that they understood what they were doing and how to do it well. It was important to me to not only have delicious food, but have a team that knew how to provide excellent service in a very tasteful and intimate setting. I'm typically a laid back person, but wedding planning is a lot of work and can be very stressful. Skot and Jeff were always there to address any questions or share ideas. I was overwhelmed with all the decisions that needed to be made for an event (colors, plates, silverware, napkins, etc. etc. etc.). However, Skot and Jeff to the rescue! They have exquisite taste and literally took charge for me. THANK YOU.  On the big day, everything came together so smoothly AND beautifully, it exceeded all of my expectations. We had roughly 80 guests and I can't tell you how many people approached us to tell us how wonderful the food was, the amazing service and overall what a fantastic wedding it was. I kept looking around me in awe at how gorgeous everything turned out. From managing all the larger logistics to adding small details....it just blew my mind. The food was presented so beautifully and it was delicious! Every member of their staff was exceptional as well. So professional, yet warm and friendly. Last but not least....their prices are very competitive. In fact, I can't imagine any of the other catering/event groups we met pulling off such an amazing event even if they charged twice as much! There's something to be said about having innate taste and caring about your work/art. Skot, Jeff and their team at Napkins catering are an amazing group of people and they do just that. Specifically to the bridge/groom looking for a catering/event company for your wedding- there are many vendors out there who will see your wedding strictly as a business opportunity and nothing else. Skot and Jeff made us feel cared for and I can't thank them enough for their pivotal role in our amazing day.  

