                Rockaway Beach in Pacifica is one of my favorite spots to come to for lunch when the weather is nice. It's only about 15 minutes outside of the city and well worth the drive to see the natural Northern California coastline in all of its beautiful splendor.  When I'm there, Nick's is one of those institutions which is known for a few special dishes that they do better than anyone else. For me, it's the Nick's crab salad sandwich on grilled sourdough. They always pack in a lot of dungeness crab in which is always fresh and light, and blends well with the not overly buttered crispy hand cut sourdough bread. After my meal, it's easy hike up to the cliffs above the water to Pacifica State Beach to enjoy more of the spectacular views.  

                Very very slow service. Over priced. Food mediocre. Awesome views! That's what you're paying for.   Do not get Oysters Po Boy! Absolutely a waste of money! Crab sandwich is flavorless.  

                View is nice, food is aight.   Service is really slow. Barely half full restaurant took 30 mins + to serve us...  Basil gimlet is really tasty!!!!   Beware, pineapple martini is just straight up house pineapple vodka. Oops should have read that on the menu! Eek!  

                My previous review was about my first/second date with some guy I had just met.. I'm proud to say he's finally my boyfriend! Hahah. We've been dating for 1.5 years now, and I can say he sure knows how to swoon a girl..sometimes ;)   I gotta admit, after my first/second date, we didn't come back till about a year later and I have no idea why..   Formerly known as the Rockaway Cafe, this place was probably known for dancing and rocking the night away from the 1920s pictures on the walls by the cashiers. I finally came by night time, which leads me for a review update! I've also been here a few more times before last night too.   The service here is still awesome, and the views are still pretty spectacular (during the day, minus the fog). The crab sandwich ($24) is still bomb and it's what I come here for every time!! The portion is pretty big and looks like two sandwiches. The dungeness crab meat is nicely packed in between two big, toasted bread with a tomato. You have the choice of adding onion, lettuce, or picke on the side! The dish also comes with fries. Sadly, their prices are still high and the decor is still a bit fishy.. loll. Price range is $15-$30.   Night time! The bar/dance area has a live band playing some nice smooth music, while you sit down at the tables or bar for a drink with your +1. Dance floor is open to anyone who wants to dance, but there didn't seem to be anyone dancing when I came by for my pick up order. All tables have a nicely lit candle and the crowd seems to be much older (50+ with a few 30s..). Pretty packed, so come early!   Overall, I think this place is great for a date. Surprise them with a crab sandwich! But be warned, it can suck your wallet dry.. (depending what you order).  

                I love this place! It has become my new favorite go-to Sunday spot. Sitting at the bar, drinking cocktails with friends, and looking out on the ocean is amazing. The crab sandwiches are mind-blowing! Also try the grilled calamari with garlic bread. Super friendly service, and you can hang out for hours and never feel rushed. Great vibes, good cocktails, and views that are unbelievable!  

                I rarely ever venture to Pacifica, which is a shame cuz it actually can be quite nice!  This place is really 3.5 stars, but too bad I can't give halves.  Was feeling adventurous so we yelped good places for lunch/scenic view. This place popped out at me because it was right on the coast and had a decent amount of reviews.  Good: - Crab sandwiches - Scenic view by the water - Bar area with two TVs - Fries - Appetizers (mostly all fried though) - Free parking for customers  Bad: - A bit overpriced - TVs were small/had poor viewing angles - Parking lot has direct view of ocean, while restaurant has view of parking lot. Should have switched this! - Salad smothered in dressing--ask for it on the side - Limited selection of menu items at bar, with no TVs in restaurant  Protip: people fight for tight parking spaces directly in front of the restaurant (even saw a minivan driver bump into another car). On the other side of the lot (behind the gate) there's a bunch more parking and its about the same distance to the restaurant.  

                Very old school decor, it almost looks like they haven't changed since 1927. That's how long they have been around! I got the seafood fettuccine which was the bomb! They had live jazz band playing on Saturday night and I really enjoyed it. The band was fantastic. I really don't know the band schedule cos I was just visiting from LA. I and my friend danced to a couple of songs. We are hand core swing dancers, and it was the main reason we came here in the first place. Food was pricey but it's worth it.  

                Nick's is a veritable institution, located off Hwy 1 in Pacifica since the 1920s.  It's a casual place - don't expect a glammed up high-end decor - it may have a vintage look, but it's not old and worn. But they serve good seafood at a reasonable price and you can see the surf splashing against the rocks in the distance.   What's not to like?  We went there with my parents for an anniversary lunch.  Although it was a weekday, there was a good lunch crowd; it looked like a lot are devoted regulars.  Most of us had their crab sandwich lunch which was both delicious and a good value.  We had brought a cake for them with us, and the restaurant kept it cold and served it for us at the end of the meal very graciously.  Afterward, you can check out the small nearby shops (an excellent year-round Xmas store is nearby), or burn off some calories with a hike in the hills back of the beach.  We also passed through the new Devil's Pass bypass tunnel just 5 minutes south on 1 - an amazing piece of enginerring.  Good place and fun things to do nearby.  Nick's is a winner.  

                Came out here Friday night. I have not been to Nick's since high school which only tells you it was a long time ago. I don't think it has changed much since then. We made reservations but next time I will try to get a window table to look out at the sea view. We had a real nice waiter, Jim, who was extremely busy but always had time for a joke or a little song. (Ask him to sing you "Happy Birthday") Anyway, I got a nice Jack & Coke to start and ordered the Croquilles St. Jacques which was basically scallops, calamari and mushrooms in a white wine cream sauce served over mashed potatoes. Very tasty. My wife got lingcod, not a good choice, my son got the sampler platter which is huge, fried scallops, fish, clams and shrimp served with fries. A lot of fried seafood. My daughter got the NY Steak which was also a huge piece of meat. All dishes came with asparagus spears. We also ordered appetizers of crab cakes and prawn cocktail. Good Stuff, Dinner comes with hot garlic bread that is really good. Dessert was Banana Foster and a chocolate sorbet with a rum flavored center. Great stuff. I was very pleased with my experience here and probably will be back, Not as expensive as the wharf seafood restaurants in San Francisco either. There is dancing in the bar area at 8:30, did not go but maybe next time,  

                I met a friend for a quick lunch here and memories started rolling in.  I think it's been more than a decade since I've been here, yet feels like it was just yesterday.  We both had their famous crab sandwich, mine with fries, hers open faced with salad.  There's just something about toasted and buttered sourdough bread with crab and tomato that makes me so happy.  I mean real "so glad I was born and raised in SF" happy.  It was so good and huge which meant I could bring half home for later. Though it ended up being my daughter's snack as soon as I got home. Darn it.  Service was good and when our server brought the check, she overhead that it was a birthday lunch so she brought us a complimentary sundae.  Sweet!  I love that kind of hospitality that seems so rare lately - someone going out of their way to really make someone feel special.    Next time I need to get those eggplant fries.  Regular fries, what was I thinking?    Enjoy!  

                I really enjoyed eating here. To begin with, you're greeted by a nice hostess sitting us at a window seat with a beautiful ocean view. Next, our server was such a nice gentleman who came by to always check up on us and made sure we were taken cared of. Not only do you have one server, there was also another server who I assumed was an "extra" for any servers that needed help. He walked around making sure there weren't any tables that needed help. That is a SUPER PLUS, a lot of restaurants now a days have one server serving like 10 tables! You won't find that here. Even on a busy day they all try to help please their customers! The food didn't take long at all, I would say 10 minutes for the Joey's Sandwich with a side of eggplant fries and ribeye steak with a side of baked potato. They were all extremely delicious! In conclusion, I would definitely come back here again!  

                This place is pretty great. I like the friendly service and attendant servers. My water glass was literally never empty.   I ordered a crab sandwich and the egg plant fries for lunch and I was blown away. The crab sa which was awesome and giant! I only finished half before I felt stuffed. I also ordered a cocktail. Basically a fancy Cosmo. The drink was a little sweet for me, and a little too warm, but nonetheless I enjoyed it anyway.   I'd recommend this restaurant to friends if they were in the area.  

                I was referred to this place by a client of mine in Pacifica.  As she said, they have the best crab sandwich  and freshest oyster ever.  Ashley was our server and she was super nice and helpful on choosing the right food juice and dessert to satisfy our needs. I highly recommend this place. They are nice, professional and reasonably priced. I will definitely come back here in future . Thanks Ashley. You're awesome.  

                Great location in Pacifica, right on the ocean, sight and sounds of crashing waves were cool.  We came there as a big group for a company function.  We were able to use a banquet room in the back.  We had three food options for our event, prime rib (good), crab sandwich (good), and halibut (okay).  The prime rib was a beauty, most of them came with a big bone on it, too.  The crab sandwich was a generous portion of crab served on traditional toasted white bread.  The halibut was the weakest dish of the three.  The service was professional for a big group, they did a good with keeping drinks filled and plates cleared.  Prices were reasonable.  Easy access from Highway 1, and parking right in front.  

                went again a week ago. bill was around $90 for a few drinks, 2 cups of chowder, & 2 $23 crab sammies. again half the crab as the old days at a higher price, and lots of nasty crunchy stuff (cartilage?) to pull out. i think this is it for them. i've told them & lots of people for yrs that they make the best crab sandwiches in the bay area. based on my last 3 visits i can't say that any more. i'll look elsewhere. dont have to eat there to enjoy the view. havent tried the crab sammies at the old port lobster shack, but they may be a good substitute.  

                Terrific location right on the ocean. Atmosphere is very retro...I don't think they've touched the place since the 70s. If you like an old school dance floor, bar, jukebox, wood paneling and vinyl seats than you'll love this place. Service was terrific but food was mixed. I really enjoyed my steak and those in my dinner party were happy with the famous Crab Sandwich. However one person, who ordered a meat sandwich seemed disappointed with the amount of inedible fat he needed to take off the sandwich before eating it.  Overall a very serviceable place with decent food and large portions. I will definitely go back during the daytime to check out what I'm sure are breathtaking views.  

                One of my favorite spots to stop by when I visit family in the area. I almost always go for the crab sandwich. Real crab, red onion,  avacado, grilled sourdough, can't really go wrong.  The service is always pretty good, and they have a full bar, if you care for that sort of thing.  

                It's okay.  The prawns and cocktail sauce were amazing! 5 stars.  But the main meal I ordered, salmon, was blah. No flavor.  Service was good and friendly. I'd go back only to see if I had a bad dish and give them a second chance.  

                I visited Nick's over the weekend for a birthday. In light of the large size of our party, overall, I thought service was great - staff was nice, food came out fast, and drinks were refilled often.  There was live music and an active dance floor during our visit. I could tell that there were frequent, loyal customers at Nick's and it was quite busy. The decor is a bit dated but I was fascinated by the big ol' sea animals on the walls, including this ginormous sting ray. The highlights of the night for me were:    -- Garlic bread: It's brought out at the beginning of the meal and it's just toasted sourdough, slathered with butter and garlic bits. Simple but addictively delicious.   -- Grilled crab sandwich: This sandwich is as advertised. LOTS of shredded crab meat with slices of tomato, between two grilled slices of sourdough bread. If you enjoy the simple flavor of crab, you'll like this sandwich.    -- Eggplant fries: Battered/breaded pieces of eggplant, deep fried. The exterior is crispy and the interior is soft. These were served with ranch dressing. I actually had these fries with my order of fish (and chips). The fish was very meaty but the batter got soggy really fast and wasn't very tasty.   The parking lot is in front of the restaurant right by the beach. I actually parked in the back by the Sea Breeze Motel and realized this afterwards but no biggie.  

                This review applies for their lounge on a live-music night (Fridays+Saturdays). Music & dancing great !!! (mostly old time rock-N-roll, swing, cha-cha) with good ambience.  Can be crowded so get there early!!! Bar + TVs showing current sport events (perfect for checking latest scores!).  

                Pricing: Good-Expensive. Look at the waterfront location though! Quality: Good. Food was good, but not gourmet. Turnaround: Poor-Good. Even if I ignore the long wait time, the food still took a while.  Service: Excellent. We had to return a dish and they simply just took it off our bill.  The pricing is definitely on the higher end, but given the prime location next to the hotel and right at the beach, the rent must be crazy high so I understand that we are paying for the ambiance. The food is definitely good with fresh ingredients and good cooks, but nothing fancy like you would expect at a French or Italian restaurant, which is fine by me. I love good ol' American food just the way they are. We ordered the garlic bread, eggplant fries, crab sandwich, and clam special fettuccine. The garlic bread came out burnt on the first round, which might be due to the overworked chef in the kitchen given the packed restaurant. The server quickly brought the bread back in and returned with a fresh batch that was still burnt on the edges, but we made due. Mmm, I wish there were more to go around. They definitely use real garlic gloves and they used plenty. Next up, the eggplant fries were surprisingly well done with a nice thin layer of batter, completely not greasy, and lightly flavored so the eggplant flavor came out naturally. Next up was the crab sandwich that had so much real stringy bits of crab spilling all over the place. Every bite was really just a bite of sweet crab meat with a side of bread. Unfortunately, when the clam fettucini came out, although the alfredo-like sauce coated the al dente pasta nicely and there were ample amounts of shellfish, we found that the mussels had gone bad. We ate a second one to make sure and by then, we just could not touch the plate anymore. When we told the server to take it away, she was extremely apologetic and asked if we would like a new plate, but we decided we were fine. She returned a moment later with our check and explained that she took off the fettucini from our bill and apologized again. I was taken aback at her proactiveness in trying to make things right for us. I have been to so many places who would fight us tooth and nail when something goes wrong and here is a wonderful girl being completely overwhelmed by the packed restaurant during Sunday brunch still trying to help us leave as happy customers.  

                My family and I had lunch here with hubby's family. Most of us had a cup of the New England clam chowder, and it was thick, creamy with a buttery rich flavor. My hubby had the Big Drama burger with grilled onions, jalapenos, jack cheese and avocado on a grilled Wedemeyer sourdough bread and a side of eggplant fries. I had the Nick's famous grilled crab sandwich - dungeness crab with tomato on a grilled Wedemeyer sourdough bread with advocado and jack cheese and a side of fries. Our daughter had the kids grilled cheese, fries and a lemonade. The food was good, but too much bread on their sandwiches for our taste. The restaurant has a retro 60's vibe with great oceanfront views and friendly service.  

                The place is a pricey one but don't stop reading yet because it's worth every penny. While you're enjoying their specialty crab sandwich (AND DON'T YOU DARE ORDER ANYTHING ELSE, unless it's a cocktail) that sends you into a extraordinary fantasy of blissfully appetitive pleasures, you can enjoy the aesthetic treasures outside (and inside) this lovely restaurant.  Nearly every time I go here, I order one crab sandwich to enjoy at the restaurant and one for the road. Trust me! You must try it at least once. They have live music on the weekends, too. It's a great spot.  

                This is one of the Bay Area's top Seafood restaurants !!  Its been here snice 1927 and still standing strong need I say more..?  

                Only for tourists.   Typical seafood American food.   The crab cakes were way too spicy and over-cooked.   The friend calamari were rubbery and also over-cooked.   Everything else was kind of tasteless, and served by an obnoxious waiter.  

                We used to really love Nick's. We aren't from the area, but we always stayed at the Holiday Inn next door for doctor visits at UCSF. And Nick's is just so darn convenient when you're tired from driving and need a drink!   Anyways, the last couple dinners we have had, haven't been that wonderful, and the price seems to be getting so high. I got the shrimp cocktail once, and there were like 4 shrimp for $15 or so... and I didn't even eat the shrimp because they were so bland and watery.   The prime rib is usually pretty good though, and if you ever run across their pistachio encrusted halibut dinner special DO IT... I haven't had the famous crab melt, but my fiancé has, a couple years ago granted, and he liked it, but not sure what state it is in now. We have had the combination Louie ($22) which wasn't terrible actually, and at first thought it was too expensive but is pretty comparable when looking at other seafood restaurants in the area. We ordered the clams (~$15), which were very very tough, the garlic/wine broth wasn't bad, but I wouldn't order that appetizer again.   The drinks are expensive, but gross. At least the Bloody Mary's are, the margarita is a mix with tequila for $8+.   We just aren't sure if the convenience factor outweighs the cost and quality of some of the items, when you pay this much, you need things to taste good.  

                Classic 1950's flare with a large lounge that includes a full bar, piano stage and dance floor. Through the lounge is the restaurant with circle booth seating around the main dinning room with a beautiful view of Rockaway Beach and the Pacific Ocean.  Service was top notch; dedicated server with roaming bussers. Food was FANTASTIC!  Fresh garlic sourdough bread dipped in their house made marina for an appetizer and a cup of their yummy clam chowder was so good I nearly had it for my dinner. Luckily, I choose to order an actual meal and had one of the best filet mignon dinners I have ever eaten. The filet was a perfect sized portion and perfectly seasoned and cooked (to my taste) . I had a baked potato and veggies with it and both were also cooked to perfection.  I highly recommend this place for a wonderful and romantic dinner on a couples getaway or special night out. The ambiance, service and food are well worth the money.  

                I've been coming here on and off for 15 years. Last time I got the crab sandwich months ago and it was still pretty good. I went last week and now. I have go back again soon to get my clam chowder fix. It had a lot of clams and flavor and a decent sized bowl. They also serve complimentary garlic bread which was perfect for dipping in the soup. We each ordered the salmon which was cooked to perfection. It came with a nice portion of asparagus. It is priced a little high for not having a perfect view of the ocean since the darn parking lot blocks it but for great clam chowder and pretty decent crab sandwich it's worth it. It's a long standing staple in Pacifica and a fun crowd that works there.  

                This place is definitely older and dated from the 1950's. It has an old full line bar right behind a dance floor and to the left if that a stage with a piano. To the right of the entrance was tables and booths for dinning. The place is kind of hidden because it's forgotten right on the beach.  We waited about 20 min for a table and had a rude waitress who indirectly conveyed that she was busy. I'm sorry, but if you are a waitress it's your job to wait on paying customers.  I ordered the fish of the day which was tuna. We waited for 30 min for food. By this time I was rather irritated. Yes we busy. The food was ok nothing bad about it. Around 630pm they had live band with a singer. I do not know but to me she seemed she was yelling not singing. She seemed to also get loader as time professed to the point it was extremely annoying.  All in all, the food was ok and the service was substandard. The singing was irritating. Not an enjoyable atmosphere. Our waitress was the tip of the iceberg.  

                Let me start by saying this , I have eaten here a few times. I'm not sure if there is a new chef or new management.  Sometimes it's a great place sometimes it's a big miss. Even with reservations there was a 20 minute wait.  Not to horrible but defeats the purpose of reservations. The restaurant was not super busy.  The ceaser salad was enough for two people to share and quite delicious. The prime rib I've had a few times and this time it was horrible.  I ordered rare and received medium rare not a big deal. It was lukewarm at best and kinda of rubbery and dry . It seems to have been left sitting for quite a while with no au jous.  The baked potato was really good. The asparagus was bland. My friend had the mahi mahi and said the fish was good the veggies were drenched in oil.  The sever was excellent and very attentive, really made the experience better.  

                Puts me in mind of the great San Francisco restaurants of the past.  Tadich and Sam's grill are still around, though.  That crab sandwich is the best anywhere ... the crab shines and they use very little mayo. The garlic bread is the best - though a little filling with a crab sandwich.  We have also had many family dinners here and the service for 10 - 12 people is excellent!  

                The view is great and the staff were very kind when we were there yesterday.  I am writing this review mainly to suggest that people stay away from their fish tacos.  The fish tacos I had there yesterday were wrapped in two tortillas that had been fried in oil and were greasy and oil soaked.  The taco itself tasted like an abundance of shredded greens overwhelmed by mayonnaise, with a couple of lines of guacamole glopped on the top.  It was a greasy mayonnaise taco.  The fish tacos at Rubio's are much better.  Also, every time I have been there the parking lot has been difficult to navigate- lots of cars trying to get in and out and not enough parking for as many people as want to park there.  Another person in our party had the fish and chips and noted that the fish and chips at Camelot Fish and Chips (also in Pacifica) are much better.  If you want to go to Nick's reservations are always suggested.  

                Top notch food and service.  The braised short ribs are magnificent.  Full bar, great atmosphere & views.  Walk along the oceans edge after your meal or just sit and listen to the waves.  

                I had not been to Nick's restaurant for several years. I was told it had been changed since I was there, and was told that it was better. My first impression on walking into the restaurant was, why so  brightly lit. After we sat for a few moments I asked the waitress why it was so brightly lit, and is there any way they could possibly dim the light some. They did so little. Now, when I go and spend $100 in a restaurant, I expect some ambience, Not a restaurant with decor worse than my nearest Denny's . On the way out I commented to the manager, why was the restaurant so brightly lit,and  asked why there were candles on the tables and such a bright restaurant. He said the older clientele can't read the menus. I am 66 years old and Wear  glasses but I could've read that menu from across the restaurant it was so bright. I was very annoyed spend that kind of money for that type of ambience.don't get me wrong the food was very good the waitress was great but I will never go back. The manager cared less about my comment no apology nothing.  

                If I could get away with no stars I would. My husband and I came at 2:45pm today for lunch. We walked into the restaurant to find two managers standing behind the host station talking. Never acknowledged we were there. Another person came up to the host station and the manager took care of him right away. My husband and I looked at each other in amazement. I looked at them and said "I cannot believe you never even acknowledged us. Don't you care about your customers who want to dine in your restaurant?"  With that he said "well you should have said something".  At that point I reminded him he is in a service industry, and he is suppose to greet the customer in a timely fashion. He should be ashamed of himself for letting us walk out that door. We will never go back in.  

                My boyfriend took me here for our one year anniversary, after saying nothing but good things about this restaurant for months.  They got us seated before our reservation because we showed up early, which was nice. Our waitress was friendly and prompt.  We both got their famous crab sandwich, which was delicious! The only thing it was missing, in my opinion, was more mayo in the crab mixture. Otherwise, fantastic!  We enjoyed the quiet atmosphere and lovely view with our meal. My boyfriend is a Nick's regular, and with our meal, I'm sure I'll be one as well.  

                Currently in a food coma as I write up this review!  I would give it 3.5 stars due to the service and 40 minute wait prior to being seated.  The food was really delicious. My friend & I ordered the crab sandwich and added avocado (extra $2) and then each got a bowl of their New England clam chowder soup. REALLY delicious soup! There were plenty of clams inside so that didn't seem like a problem. I had to actually stop myself from drinking the whole thing in one sitting so that I could make room for the sandwich.  The crab sandwich comes with a side, and I chose fries. It was amazing. But....it had crab shell inside. :( so I knocked a star for that.. because I found 3 pieces of shell! Disappointing, but the food was so good I didn't mind too much picking it out.   The service was a little slow, but it was also packed today (a Sunday at around 1P) which contributed to the slow seating.   Overall, if the wait was not so long, and their service was a bit more attentive and they cleaned up their sandwiches before serving....5 stars!  

                Went here on a Sunday morning and sat at the bar. Had excellent service and the food was amazing. Our waiter was a really nice young kid. Highly recommend the crab sandwich.  

                Have been coming to this place for more than 20 years -   Love that it's family-owned, the food is consistent and good, the views are spectacular, it's right on the coast, and they serve up a huge crab sandwich - on toasted sourdough bread.  They even have a little motel attached. Overall Would say it's a bit rustic-very casual rather than posh.  But to me It's simply quintessential San Francisco and harkens back to the city I remember when first moving to California.  

                I've been going to Nick's for years.  It's very out of the way from my Sacramento home, but worth the drive now and then!  The crab sanwich is a thing of beauty!  Buttery, toasted sourdough piled high with fresh crab meat and ripe tomato slices (you can add cheese or avocado for an extra fee), with fries for $20.  Nothing else comes close!  They have a large menu, but I've never ventured away from the classic.   The clam chowder is good, but I've had better.  Also, be prepared to wait a long time for a table (and you have to be present to be seated or your table will quickly be given away).  If you can grab a spot in the bar, you can always have a drink to help the time pass, but if you go at a busy time there isn't always a place to sit.  The wait time for food is also usually longer than average.   But all that still doesnt deter me from making the tirp for that amazing crab and ocean views!  

