                I called this right, it is a hidden Gem.  Located on Broadway, a half block across the street from La Tapatia Market.  They have fresh homemade pasteries that I have to come back for.    My mission today was a Mangonada and this was the closest one to me.  I was very disappointed to discover this wasn't a true mangonada.  It's a mango popsicle / Paleta that is in a plastic cup that they add Chemoy and Tajin (chile lime seasoning).  It's really messy and gave me a lap and chest that looked like I didn't make it through Halloween.  The Mango was delish however.  I would recommend a way of freezing the Chamoy, Tajin and the Mango together (they have this at Mi Pueblo).  I tried the pineapple paleta that my daughter had and it was the VERY BEST PINEAPPLE flavor, EVER!  I bought a coconut paleta for my husband, who is crazy about coconut and all he said was, " AWESOME, AMAZING."  They also had a very cute Dios De Los Muertos display which I wish I had taken the time to photograph.  They also make Tortas and sandwiches.  This is a great spot and the prices are reasonable.  

                OMGG! Just my first  visit, can't wait for the next!!! Tres Leches was as delish as stated by fellow Yelper, the ice cream ( Tequila; Strawberries & Cream) was perfection! SOooo looking  forward to  trying  the Tortas & ......  

                I stop by here every time I'm in Vallejo. Everything I've tried is perfect.  I bring a cooler, buy a bunch, and bring it to the cooks at work.  

                I bookmarked this place months ago & now I finally got to go here. Who would have thought this place would be in Vallejo?  They have paletas, ice cream, mangonadas, pastries, cakes, & sandwiches (I think). Haha. I was more interested in the paletas!  So many flavors & I wanted to take each flavor home. Glad that I brought 4 home :)   The staff is really nice & the place smells good because of the fresh bread. YUMMM.  

                I loved the Popsicles of pistachio, and arroz con leche. They were pretty awesome! The slight graininess of the rice in the arroz con leche pop might not be for everyone but it definitely worked for me. I loved the straight up nutty pistachio flavour in the other, as well as the coarse bits of nuts embedded in it.   They also had a bakery section and we sampled the cakes and the bun with jalapeno-cream cheese stuffings. That was pretty fantastic too. The bun was lightly sweet and paired really well with the heat of the jalapenos (they were surprisingly hot, hotter than I expected) and the creamy tanginess of the cream cheese.  The cakes too were delicious but I can't particularly recollect much about them now.   Would I go back? Aw heck yea !!! ~~~~~~~~~~  And go back I did! Twice more since the first review. I've since had the Walnut (awesome) and the Fresca Dulche Strawberry. I loved both of them. The walnut was buttery and the strawberry, refreshingly fresh and still a little creamy, though not as creamy as the "fresca crema strawberry" which is practically strawberry and cream in popsicle form.   The only (slight) disappointment was the plum popsicle. I am glad I had only a bite of it, and didn't order it for myself -- I would remember to avoid that in the future.  Up next in my crossfire are the coco coconut, the pistachio, and the strawberry and cream, in that order. I have seen people post pictures of the coconut popsicle dipped in chocolate and sprinkled with nuts. That looks simply amazing. I am also intent on sinking my fangs on the oreo and milk pops.   I will be reporting back on those very soon! Hold your breath, and hang tight!  Until then, Adios!  

                I had the strawberry  cream popsicle it was good. The service  was nice i was greated once i enter the place,  and they were helpful  with my choice.  

                Lots of choices! So many flavors, I wanted to try all of them. They also have pastries but I came for the popsicles. I gave only 4 stars because the locations is kind of eh. Street parking. Price is affordable.  

                The tres leches is wonderful.  Also try the sweetbreads.  They are sooo fresh n tasty  

                Delicious baked goods and home made ice cream! The chocolate , Kahlua , vanilla and dulce de leche ice creams are the ones I've tried and they are fabulous . The doughnuts they have on the weekends are the best I've had. We love this shop . A real treasure in our neighborhood.  

                T'was my first time here. Then I tried the paletas and the Roast beef traditional sandwich  Its really damn good! Oh and the workers are really nice!!  

                The best Mexican bread!!! love there bread selection, always fresh bread made daily and so moist . The only thing I dislike is the parking :/ but it's worth it all the time.  

                This was my first experience with homemade paletas.  My boyfriend chose the cookies and cream.  I got the fresas con crema. We basically went off of which bars were the prettiest.  We were not disappointed. Picture-worthy, yes, but the popsicles were perfectly sweet and creamy in texture.   The second time we went, I tried a different pop. It wasn't as memorable as the strawberry.   This bakery isn't conducive to eating in. In fact, I don't recall a seating area. We ended up wolfing down our pops in the car. It's always kind of awkward eating popsicles in public, so we didn't mind.  

                It was a chilly early morning. Customers were buying warm baked goods for breakfast. Meanwhile, I was here for popsicles. There is a variety of them. I went with the strawberries & cream and Oreo popsicles. The strawberry one had fresh fruit in it and was creamy. I enjoyed it a lot. Unfortunately, I didn't taste the Oreo one, because I gave it to my brother. If I'm driving pass Vallejo while heading to the bay, I'll stop by again!  

                I've never even seen a homemade fruit bar...I thought this place was referring to something similar to popsicles in your local grocery store's frozen section.    Wifey said she used to go to a few places in SoCal for fruit bars...said they were delish.  Had to try out this place...we were driving by Vallejo on our way back to Sac, called because it was late, and found that it was open.  You walk in, locate the freezer on your right...fruit bars...labels...lots of fruit bars.  Haha.    I had the strawberry one...wifey had the cookies and creme.  Both were homemade and delish.  Ever craving a fruit bar?  Pass on the freezer aisle...yum.  4 stars.  

                This place is awesome, they have so many cool looking cakes along with a bakery that makes fresh bread daily as well as natural mexican paletas and ice cream.  My Favorites: -Paleta de fresa con cremas(strawberry and cream). -Conchas mexicanas(sweet Mexican bread shell). -Paleta de pepino con limon y chile(cucumber,lime,spice).  Pros: -Natural Mexican Paletas. -Natural Ice cream. -Super good warm freshly baked pan dulce. -Friendly staff.  Cons: -They are far from me.  Note:They also have sandwiches I have yet to try that look good.  

                Current mood: on cloud 9, on my 100th review too!! Craazyyy  Everything here is fresh, natural, and homemade! What's that you say? $1.75 for a tasty fruit puréed Popsicle?? Don't mind if I do! So happy for this find in Vallejo, will definitely be a repeat customer for their Strawberries and Cream Popsicle!   Tip: Bring floss! Depending on what you order because they are made with real fruit there are fruit bits that get stuck in your teeth. The strawberry kiwi was so yummy that I was completely unaware of the situation until my friend pointed it out to me. I was mortified. Good thing I didn't go in for a kiss.  

                Came through after having some pupusas up the street (pupusaria mercy) never been here b4, my friend took me. I saw all these great looking tubs of ice cream. The smell of pastries was in the air lol. (Fat kid swag lol) I was still full but wanted something because everything looked pretty good so i ordered the Oreo ice cream bar. A "good look", it was tasty I remember thinking I wish I knew how to make these, but since I don't I will just keep coming back for more.  

                The bread its really really good ....but sometimes they got this little girls that think there s$#!=t dont stink and treat people like there less then them for example Saturday  sep 06 14 idk there names or status in the bakery but they need a job at mac cosmetic or dmv but not la michoacana the owner needs to keep an eye and realize whos hes hiring I dont care how hot u this u is....your not doing me a fabor by working there IM DOING YOU A FABOR BY SPENDING MY MONEY THERE!!! Remember that.....  

                I only go to this place for my pan dulce! They are the cheapest and have the most variety! They also have super yummy tortas and smoothies!  

                Fruit bars with fresh fruit in them: yes. Cheap: yes If it was in SF, i'd be coming here all the time  

                This review is for the popsicles + horchata $1.75 for freshly made popsicles with chunks of  REAL fruit is so worth it. I've tried the strawberry, kiwi, and oreo. Oreo is most definitely my favorite. My best friend is a fan of the walnut.   The horchata was super good and fresh. I like horchata not too powdery - this one was perfect, very refreshing. They also have other things like tortas, pasteries, other fresh juices.   One thing though, is the neighborhood  is somewhat sketchy but i've been to worse. Don't be scared to try this place out.  Next time i need to try the pastries!  

                A great selection of various types of sweets! Delicious cinnamon coffee too. Bread is tasty. Fresh fruit and veggie smoothies. I will definitely be visiting here often!  

                Please Please Please come to this amazing little gem in Vallejo and try the ice cream. This place used to be a little tradition for my friend and I after our long commute from Sac State every Thursday. OMG the ice cream is life changing. My boyfriend is soooo picky about ice cream so when I took him here yesterday he took one bite, looked over at me, and said "That is damn good ice cream". I love to support mom and pop local businesses so I was elated that my first review on here could be a great place in Vallejo.  

                This place me feel like I was at home in Texas!  The paletas my mom and I had were delicioso! Def give them a try.  We tried out the pan dulce, it was ok. I want to try it again, a different variety, with my coffee to see if I can give this place an updated 5-star review.  If you are in the area or just really love fresh paletas (ice cream pops) give them a try!!  

                I ordered a birthday cake for my daughter and it was delicious, not too sweet, perfect. I also ordered a caramel tres leches cake and served it with strawberries on the side for the adults at the party, it was gone in 15 minutes!  The price for the cakes were very reasonable. I will be ordering from them again.    Oh, and the Popsicles are very good too.  

                So many options, so little time to eat it, I got to get here earlier next time! This place totally deserved 5 stars!!! Will come back for more!  

                I love finding places off the beaten path and unique. I had never been to a palateria before and was excited to try it. A paleta is a Latin ice pop with real fruit in it. They were really good but the tres leeches cake was a little disappointing. It was OK but I was expecting better.  The employees seemed really sweet. Apparently this place is super popular and always busy.  

                I love the ice creams and popsicles here! They're so perfect for a hot day. I've tried 2 of the strawberry varieties, and I can't wait to try more. They're so cheap! The chocolate covered popsicles also come with nuts, which unfortunately fall off while you're eating it, making quite a huge mess, so I do prefer the popsicles themselves. They're kinda of creamy in general and they use fresh fruit in their strawberry ones. So delicious!  The only downside is that it's in a ghetto part of Vallejo. I prefer to not come here by yourself.  

                This is a gem in Vallejo that anyone who is from Vallejo should know about.  Everything I've tried here is good--horchata, ice cream, etc. Although, I haven't tried the food yet.  Get the Strawberries & Cream Popsicle. Also, try some of the Mexican candy flavored ice cream. I don't remember the names of them, but they were damn good.  Anyway, finally found a good dessert spot in Vallejo. I'll be back for sure.  

                Fresh ice cream = awesome. Inventive flavors = even more awesome. Pan dulce on the side? I want to die here.  Tiny little place with little ambiance, but what they do, they do well. That is make sweets. They make great pan dulce (Mexican sweet bread that's great for breakfast) and have many different kinds. They also sell an array of about 20 different flavored popsicles. From flavors like melon, and strawberries and cream to walnut. They also offer about 10 different flavors of ice cream and will make sundaes for you.   My mom in San Mateo often asks for a batch of popcicles, and these guys are so nice that they pack them up with ice and give me a cooler so they won't melt during the hour drive. SOOOOOOOO nice!  This just may be my favorite place in Vallejo.  

                Hands down the best place to get Ice Cream in Vallejo and the surrounding area as far as I am concerned. They sell their ice cream bars for $1.75 and they are all fresh made. They really taste like what they are supposed to and they have a really good variety. My personal favorites are the strawberry (they have 3 kinds), mango, melon, and the Cajeta con Membrillo. A little trick to get the wrapper off is to rub it in your hands to warm it up a little and the plastic will come right off.  They also sell a variety of bakery items, Frescas, and Tortas. The bakery items are all good and the frescas are good, but may be a little on the sweet side for some people. The tortas might leave a little more to be desired, but that Ahogada sauce makes up for it.  

                It feels like Mexico in there!!!  I bought some of their eggnog ice cream to take home....so yummy.  

                This place takes me back to my childhood when Mexican paletas were plentiful and delicious.  It's not easy to find a place with such selection.  I wanted to try everything but settled on the pistachio and it was creamy and delightful.  My fiance had the cucumber with chile...mmm!!!  I'm so glad there's not one of these close by because I would be in trouble.  Such a treat!  Don't miss this one when you go wine tasting in Sonoma.  It's worth the trip!  

                $7 for two homemade popsicles, 2 pieces of bread and a slice of flan? Amazing. Everything was fantastic too.  I had the flan the next day, and it was hands-down the best flan I've ever had.  

                You might get food poisoning here.  

                The oreo and strawberry cream popsicles are delicious!  Can't really complain about anything other than the location.  I will definietely be back here to try more desserts!  

                These guys made the cake for our wedding.  It was a sheet cake with a layer of chocolate, a layer of flan, and then a layer of tres leches cake.  It was delicious.  We go the cake that they say feeds 100 people and it easily fed 150 with some leftover.  They charged us $150 for the cake.  It was a great deal and very delicious.  Even the decorations were just right!  

                Friendly and helpful staff. Ice cream is fresh and delicious.  Wasnt sure on some of the non traditional fruits and flavors, but free samples always helps. Free cooler if you buy more than $20, comes in handy since we drive from Fairfield just to stockup.  Great overall, clean store. A++  

                Summary: Great place for a sweet treat.  Pros: Hours Selection Friendly and Helpful Staff Clean facility  Con: No tres leches con mocha everyday :( (that's just a personal negative)  I was searching around Yelp for some good eats in Vallejo and this place popped up. Needless to say anything to do with baked goods, I'm down for it. I've been to Little Maya before and I enjoyed the tasty treats there but hearing about all the tasty treats that people were raving about on here I just had to go in and try some. On my first visit I got 2 popsicles, and a slice of tres leches for $5.50. I got the rice pudding and strawberries and cream. The rice pudding popsicle was ok I only finished about half of it. The strawberries and cream was freakin' delicious. Now here is what sealed the deal for me that damn cake..... OMG I got the tres leches con mocha y Oreo. That cake was freaking delicious it had this light mocha frosting not quite the consistency of whipped cream but not as heavy as butter cream, its just perfect. The Oreo filling was great and complemented everything about the cake. The layers weren't mushy or runny like some other tres leches I have tried. I immediately told my sister and boyfriend what my next birthday cake was going to be :).  My second trip there I went with my sister and she got a bunch of the baked goods... now I already know what to expect with Mexican baked goods and I know that many of the different breads can be quite dry. All together we got 2 large horchatas (they do mean LARGE), 3 items from the bread case, a slice of tres leches con fresas, a slice of flan, and a strawberries and cream popsicle. The 2 pastry items my sister picked out were ok, they were on the dry side. If we had some hot chocolate they could of been salvageable. The flan was dense and delicious not like that wimpy flan other places try to give you. I enjoyed the bread that I got it was soft, sweet and fresh.  The only down side that I have found is that the tres leches cakes that they have for sale by the slice is selected at random, I am not the type of person to go into a store day after day to find what I want, and I would rather not call either. The ladies that were there were very helpful and patient as I asked my million and one questions. They have great hours and delicious deserts and breads. I will definitely be back, and I will definitely recommend this place to friends who are in the area looking for something new.  

                The hot summer days in Vallejo have brought me glory, as I find myself at La Michoacana having to decide which of the delicious, home-made ice-cream or popsicle (paleta) flavors I will get...the fresh-fruit flavor, huge chunks of fruit, and taste of being made at home...make it so difficult to choose, I just end up taking 4 or 5 paletas or a few scoops home to eat and share with my husband as refreshing healthy deserts!  The place is roomy and has friendly staff, which is welcoming to sit down, relax, and chow with friends or family when you have time to spare.  Also, since I love having people over and making parties, I just found out today that when you buy 18+ paletas, you get a portable cooler free...and if you're making a BIG party....they let you borrow an ice-cream cart for FREE! Perfect for birthday parties!  ....I can't get over the idea of having our own ice-cream cart at one of our niece's birthday parties.... :)  

