                Always an amazing, amazing sandwich! The people working are always friendly and treat you like family. I've never tried their hot food but it looks delicious. Also a great place to get Italian ingredients for home cooking.  

                This is the kind of place where you just want someone to *bring* you a sandwich from Paradiso, because actually *getting* the sandwich is a tremendous chore.  Granted, I worked at Togo's as a teenager and have certain sandwich-making speed expectations that come from being regularly timed, but the sweet little old man at Paradiso's is the slowest sandwich maker EVER.  The first time I went, I ordered 4 italian sausage sandwiches with peppers and onions. All the same, no special orders. He took the bag of the bread, opened it, took out one roll, laid the roll on the counter, then gingerly added the sausage, the sauce, the peppers and onions, 2 slices of cheese, and then slowly wrapped it up. Then he went back to the bag of bread, got out one more roll, and carefully repeated the process. Then again. And again. So I was irritated that it took 20 minutes for me to leave the shop with 4 sandwiches. But then we got home and ate the sandwiches, and all of my irritation went right out the window. They were extremely tasty, and I felt like a judgmental shrew for being so impatient. (My kids confirmed that. ;-)  We've been back many times since. Just know that it will not be quick, but it will be worth it.  

                I had a craving for some delicious Italian sandwiches while I was pregnant, but totally regret actually consuming the food here.  This place could easily be on Kitchen Nightmares!    I walked towards the back to get the hot food, and since it was Friday, I ordered their speciality, Italian steak sandwich.  An older gentleman took the cooked Italian steak from a container and put it on top of a dirty, unsanitary board where I could tell other meat had been and had fallen into the cracks.  He very slowly cut the meat while talking to his friends.  Then he wiped the board with a dirty rag before he put another Italian steak to cut for the second sandwich.  It probably took about 15 minutes for this process.  I was a bit perturbed, but I continued to stay positive because of all the good reviews.  We also ordered one cannoli and a drink, and we paid something like $25, which I thought was high for what we actually got.    The sandwiches were so gross, flavorless, and barely warm.  Both the brown and marinara sauce were not tasty.  They brought out the cannoli, and when we saw it, there were two ants crawling on it!  We were disgusted!  The dining room was dusty with lots of knick-knacks about.  I decided then and there that if they couldn't be bothered to clean the shopping and dining area, the kitchen was probably not clean either and that's why there were ants on our food.  It was incredibly careless for them to serve food with ants and I'm sure there are sanitation issues with the meat they serve.     I really hope people read this and decide not to patronize a disgusting place like this!  Visit La Villa on Lincoln Ave. instead.  Much cleaner, tastier, and better customer service.  

                Woo'd by the great reviews, also fully aware of the less-than-stellar reviews. Interested to investigate as my own grandparents also had an Italian Deli (but not like this one, as it turns out).   Arrived and instantly observed what the detractors were on about. It is definitely grungy, old, been rode hard -kinda place. I overlooked the "ambience" as I walked back to the order counter, where I was the end of an 6-person line. I watched the old timer slowly slice the fat from some roast beast headed for a sandwich. Slowly. Methodically. In no hurry whatsoever. Trimming. More trimming. Nice attention to detail, but I realized that I would not be encountering my own sandwich for at least an hour, they way things were paced. I quickly departed for La Villa where they move quite a bit quicker.  

                Wow this place is off the beaten path a bit. It's old school, im talking 50s ish. A bit cluttered but it smells wonderful inside. Sandwich area and tea up front, hot foods in the middle and a dining room in the back. There's some seating up front in a patio too. Got the Italian Combo as we were there on the later side and the hot food seemed to be pillaged and what was left looked desiccated.sandwich was decent as they use a certain Italian American producer in SF for their meats. Folks are pretty friendly and you can tell theyve been here for longer than ive been alive. I think the hot food needs a run at but id have to get here way earlier  

                To me, this is what a chain like Buca di Beppo is trying to imitate.  It's an Italian family's kitchen. I mean literally, this is like being in someone's house (I think it was a house).  I personally love the interior. It's like it hasn't changed in ages. Like you could visit your grandparents and find their house like this -comfortable and lived-in. Many people have walked in here over the years and they keep coming back. Some might be turned off by it because it's not like The Olive Garden or a franchise but I really find it charming and homey.  The meatball I had today was huge. It was probably the size of a cue ball. I was blown away by the sauce. It was out-of-this-world. They don't use bread crumbs in their meatballs and they're fall-apart tender. Wowee-wow-wow.  Good parking.  

                Meatball sandwiches! If you're looking for a tasty, no frills, meatball sandwich, come to paradiso. Don't be alarmed when you walk in and see a bunch of things in your way. The lady saw I had a confused look on my face and she knew I was a first timer. She nicely told me how it worked. The front area had cold sandwiches, the middle area had hot food and sandwiches, and the back area is the dining section.  Throughout the store is a bunch of groceries and such too. It does feel a bit tight and dark inside, so don't be turned off by that.   I went to the back area to look at the hot menu. The meatball sandwich menu item is actually on a piece of paper. There are a few ways to get it. We got the regular and the ones with fried peppers and provolone cheese. The sandwiches are huge! They are about 6-7 dollars each and can be sharable. I would have been fine with half, but I tried to finish and was able to eat another 1/4. The sandwiches are a bit messy but they are good. The worker puts some sauce on the bread and then a huge meatball. She then cut the meatball into small chunks so it spread across the bread better. Added more sauce and toppings (like peppers and cheese, if you got them) and wraps it up.   Parking lot is a bit tight right next to their store, but they also have a lot across the street that is bigger.  

                This little gem is hidden from most other deli restaurants. Located away from downtown it is on a side street west of downtown.  There are two counters, one for hot sandwiches the other for cold. I had the meatball.  It was a large meatball t hat they cut into many pieces for your sandwich.  The meatball looks wonderful but lacked flavor.  The bread is good but not fantastic like the fresh sourdough at other sandwich shops.  The best thing is that it is a family owned business and is worthy of your business.  There is a large selection of meats and pastas. Seating is available in the back of the deli.  A good find.  

                I was craving a meatball sub, and this place has one of the best meatball subs on the west coast.  The layout of the store is a little weird, but it's definitely worth the trip.  

                5 Stars, 3 Reasons:  1. Meatball, Jack, and Jalapeño Sandwich <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/paradiso-delicatessen-and-restaurant-san-jose-2?select=iSx2OQR886BENFCNcQgvpw#6Q_GLiHOLr6xciPR1usXow">yelp.com/biz_photos/para…</a>  2. Service  3. Consistency  

                Super gooooood, homemade everything and feels like eating in your grandma's house. Everybody is so nice even the customers.  

                I'm actually quite picky about Italian, specifically when you consider there are several types of Italian food...as far as I'm concerned.  There's Italian...mostly Franchise restaurant style fair...or what you find in cans of Chef Boyardee...it's basically bland tomato sauces with over cooked noodles, etc. There's too much of this type around if you ask me.  There's real Italian...as in what they eat in Italy...lots of fresh ingredients, local prepared meats, etc...very delicious...the inspiration for what we've come to know here in the U.S., but it's not the comfort food we know here...it's actually quite refined and higher up the culinary scale.  Finally, there's Americanized Italian. This is what real Italian cooks, 1st or 2nd generation immigrants, using what they had available here in America turned into that amazing comfort food that I love. Super flavorful red sauces, wonderful meaty dishes, sausages, salami, olives, etc., delicious...filling...awesome.  Paradiso is Americanized Italian.  When you walk into the joint, the smell hits you like a brick wall...deliciousness that instantly makes your mouth salivate...and all you can think about is getting a chair, fork in hand and plate in front of you.    That's basically what I did...I ordered the meatball sandwich waited a few minutes (fast service!) and the plate no sooner hit the table when I tore into it.  The sandwich lasted mere seconds because as soon as I took my first bite...my stomach took control of my mouth and hands!   Anyway, cutting a long review short, this is a great American Italian food place that I will make an effort to return to again and again.  Just remember, the place is a bit ramshackle...sort of like walking into your Grandmothers old house filled to the brim with memorabilia and nick-knacks.  

                I've eaten here many times before. Every time I've gotten a veggie sandwich. Each time I get a huge mound of food full of delicious. The cashier (I believe her name Is Teresa) is a lovely woman who always makes me feel welcome. I look forward to getting their other items.  One criticism I would give is that it's hard not to question their cleanliness. I've never gotten or felt sick from there but the place could use a good cleaning. Otherwise I will eat there many more times in the future.  

                By far the best meatball sub I've ever had! Yes it takes long for him to make your sub but there's no skimps on sauce/meat and it's absolutely delicious! I'll be back tomorrow before I head back home! Amazing hard working family!! Love it!  

                There is a reason this place has been around for so long. Family owned and operated and the food is amazing. Prices are par for the area and service may not be what most fast food goers are accustomed to. The charm however is in the good food, friendly people and homey atmosphere.  

                The meatballs are great and they put a lot of sauce in there as well such that it tastes like a sloppy joe.  The marinara sauce is so-so and the cheese and peppers that come in their famous deluxe meatball sandwich are fairly run of the mill.  Their bread wasn't very fresh and it was sort of disappointing even after it was toasted.  The bread has difficulty holding up under so much sauce, and at the end of the sandwich, it pretty much gets smooshed into itty bitty pieces.  The major downside to this place is that it takes forever to get your order.  The owners here seem to be in their 70's or something and they definitely aren't in a hurry to help anyone, even when the line gets to be 10 deep.  Our hero literally waited 15 minutes to order and get his food with just two people ahead of him.  Paradiso has its own retro charm and a certain degree of authenticity about it, but it's certainly not worth a special trip.  PROS: - The decor is eclectic and it feels like you're eating in a 1950's deli.  It's a time warp back to simpler days. - Pretty large sandwiches for a decent price.  CONS: - There doesn't seem to be much turnover in the grocery store portion in front and some of the items even looked dusty. - The hours are fairly limited to lunch and "linner" time. - Service is agonizingly slow.  

                My friend and I came here for lunch on a weekday around 1pm. Luckily, we were only 3rd in line. You should expect a wait b/c it's a popular spot.  Walk in to the store and you'll pass the first counter on the left to get to the second counter where you order for lunch. The menu is kind of all over the place on the wall, but you'll figure it out! The elderly man got my order ready while the lady rang us up. I was paying with a credit card so the lady told me to have a seat and she would bring my card out back to me.  I ended up getting an eggplant parm sandwich. My colleague got a meatball one. It was much bigger than I expected and we both couldn't finish (which is unusual for us). But my sandwich was pretty good. I'd come back to get that sandwich or try others. I have to come back to try the tiramisu at the very least!  Signs say to leave your dishes on the table at the end of the meal.  

                Yum! What a cute little mom and pop shop! I had the Eggplant Parmesan sandwich (eggplant, parmesan, and mushroom for $7.95). The interior is quaint and  homey decorated. My friends both had meatballs sandwiches which they mentioned that the meatballs were very flavorful. I asked for some foil to wrap my sandwich by myself. It was too big for me to finish. The owner was so sweet and he said that he would take care of it for me. The food is delicious and the service is wonderful, I would definitely come back again.  **Gotta check out the picture of the Cuucuzo festival hanging above the wall heater. How cool is that!  

                Me and a co worker decided to try this place for the first time for lunch. The meatball jalapeño sandwich was heaven!!! This place feels like your sitting in your grandmas house eating her homemade meatball. We will definitely be coming back and trying more of there dishes.  

                Corned beef fan!  

                Paradiso is an old school spot with a loyal customer base. The owners are definitely very old, but seem very sweet. However, it takes quite a while for them to make your food here, so only come if you have some time to spare. We came in for a late lunch on a Saturday (around 1pm), and there were a few people eating in and also in line. It took close to 20 minutes for us to order and get our food, and we were able to grab a table in the back. I agree with other Yelpers about the smell- there was a definite musty odor or something along those lines which was pretty noticeable. They have two counters when you walk in to order from- the one closest to the door is for cold sandwiches, and the one other counter is for hot sandwiches and the items in the steam trays (different pastas and side dishes). We ordered:  -Meatball Sandwich w/Provolone Cheese and Italian Peppers (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/paradiso-delicatessen-and-restaurant-san-jose-2?select=yeZhNqoM9teITjaDF5ylQg#yeZhNqoM9teITjaDF5ylQg">yelp.com/biz_photos/para…</a>): Ok. The bf liked this one more than I did. I though the meatball was a little soggy, and I didn't like the spices they used for the meatball. Definitely a messy sandwich! -Italian Sausage Sandwich w/Provolone Cheese and Italian Peppers (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/paradiso-delicatessen-and-restaurant-san-jose-2?select=yeZhNqoM9teITjaDF5ylQg#oDnTTEO5kSE77-u-L-L_8Q">yelp.com/biz_photos/para…</a>): I liked tihs one more than the bf, since I liked the spices they used in the sausage, and the sausage had more structure to it.   I thought the sandwiches were good, but not so great that I am motivated to come back anytime soon. I would be interested in trying some of the cooked items in the steam trays, but everything just looked really old and not quite clean in there, so I'm not sure how sanitary everything is. There is street parking available in front of Paradiso, and also a small private lot.  

                My Co worker told me about this place and I had to try it I ordered meatball sandwich with jalapeños and Jack cheese it was soo damn good. It's a small little place deli on one side with meats and cheeses and other side little market that sells Italian food like eggplant parm, spaghetti and meatballs soo mouthwatering. Definitely coming back!  

                Not sure wut the hype is all about. Ive tried 3 delicateseens so far and this one is fairly avg to me. I didnt get to try most o the things so I may hafta stop by for another try but my first impression was good but not 4-5 stars good.  Food- Italian Steak Sandwich: This is a sandwich with chunks o breaded steak. You can opt to have either the marinara sauce with it or the gravy mushroom sauce. I tried it with the red sauce but I wish i got half n half or maybe even mixed em together. It was pretty good and the portion was decent. Its 9 bux for a sandwich so at least it was filling. I also wish it had cheese/mozzarella but I guess you hafta add that on separately.  Overall I thought the sandwich was good, but I definitely wouldnt drive out o my way to get this again.  

                Old skool like you are walking back in time, into your grandma's kitchen. So charming, especially in downtown San Jose. The owners are adorable and completely fit the decor. God only knows how hard they have been working running this place all these years! This review is for a side of meatballs. I'm on a Protein diet :) they were awesome. Very authentic, great sauce, very savory. Not greasy at all, and very light and fluffy. The cc  issue everyone mentions was not a big deal, I was running up and walking out in a matter of minutes. Will definitely be back and bring the family  

                This review if for their cannoli only!!!   I came here in my search for the best cannoli in the South Bay. I tried their cannoli on a couple occasions to see if I just came on an off day, but the flavor of the cream is just not very sweet. The cream should be nice and silky, but it seems crumbly - almost like plain ricotta is usually.  

                A midtown land mark. This place is hard to spot so keep your eyes pealed for the Italian red green and white patio when driving by! A tiny little venue, old, clutter and full of interesting artifacts and antiques. One counter is for the cold cuts, the other is for hot foods. I tend to migrate straight for the hot food, I'm a sucker for a good meatball sandwich.  This is without a doubt a family establishment. Truly home cooking and they treat you like one of their own. The old couple that runs this place with their family are as sweet as can be. The food is excellent and the experience is charming.  Parking is limited since we are downtown.  I'll have to give the cold cuts a try something now that I'm working close by. Thanks for the nice experience.  

                I must say this is one of the best places to eat that are hidden in San Jose it's not your local Italian market this is real Italian food with recipes passed on for generations I prefer to order to go and eat elsewhere but the ambience is really nice and the food is really good I should just come in Friday and getting the Italian steak with mushroom gravy  

                The place has good food and has a mom n pop feel to it. The sandwiches are made with a health portions of meat. I would recommend giving this place a try. The only thing bad I have to say is  they should clean the place up a bit .  

                Love Tony and Teresa,,,,Your the best please don't ever stop,,,,,,  

                I ordered roast beef, pasta, with a giant meatball and it was fantastic. The service was amazing as well. This place is definitely a new favorite.  

                How would anyone ever find this place if it were not for Yelp? Well, apparently people managed to find it as it's been there for like 50 years or something. I went for only one reason - to try their meatball sandwich. It did NOT disappoint. I got their meatball sandwich with cheese and jalapeno peppers and it was truly excellent.   Their hours are ridiculous, but I guess if you can do enough business in 5 hours a day, why not!!  Go for it. You won't be disappointed.  

                It ain't fancy dining, but if you want solid, old-fashioned Italian-American fare in a dining room that hasn't changed since the 1940s, this is the place for you. The same family has run the place since the '40s... possibly the same person. That ain't no spring chicken doling out the raviolis. Everyone working, both young and old, is friendly, capable, and wonderful.  Plus, there's a market in front which seems to have been last stocked, and priced, during the Carter Administration. I found filters for my Chemex coffee urn for 4.45. Nowadays those go for about 8.50. If you need any discontinued product or ingredient, there's a chance they've still got one languishing on the shelf here.  

                This place is extremely tasty and the people that work here are super friendly.  I love this place. I'd also say its fairly priced  

                I've eaten lunch here about a dozen times. It's not close to my work, but I make a special trip over there...especially if the boss is paying. Everything here is crazy good, but the meatball sandwich...holy schmoly...it's good. Get there early for lunch because the line always goes out the door.  

                The Muffuletta  fell flat!  If you have read my reviews, I'm in search for the best sandwiches in the south bay.  I found this place on yelp; the reviews where overwhelmingly good, so I had to try it.  Might be it was what I ordered, so I will try it again and order something else, but had to share this "muff" of a Muffuletta experience.  In a word, it was bland and dry.  The meat had almost no flavor, the provolone was mild, the bread was dry and the olive mixture came from a jar.  I figured this is suppose to be an Italian Deli, they probably make their own olive mixture. Unfortunately, the olive mix overwhelmed the sandwich.  After two bites I was looking for mayo, olive oil (traditional in a muffulatta, but not included here) or something to add to give the sandwich to give it some moisture.  I was very hungry, so got through half the sandwich and threw the rest away.  I guess that says it all.  

                Excellent home cooked meal. Meatballs have amazing flavor and the feel of the restaurant is very friendly and cozy.  

                Finally tried this place out for lunch. It's a gem. I had the meatball sandwich, the meatballs were amazing and definitely tasted fresh and homemade, along with the sauce. Unfortunately, the bread was extremely soggy and I wasn't able to save the other half as a sandwich. Maybe if they toasted their bread a bit more or put the cheese on the bottom so it supported the sauce and meatballs, it would last longer? Just a suggestion, but I'd definitely recommend this place. We need more authentic restaurants like these in san jose!!!  

                this place just feels dirty to me. I would not eat there again. The food does have good flavor.  

                Went twice this week. Both times the food was excellent. They were absolutely helpful for an office lunch.  We called at 445pm Tuesday and they helped us with a 21 sandwich order for pickup at 1130 Wednesday. Everything was perfect and right on time.  Thanks.  

                You HAVE to get here before it's not here anymore. I hope the owners live forever, but....   It's got to have been here since the 40s. Maybe 50s. It's an ancient store. I can imagine the stories those walls could tell. The place has character!  For cold stuff (sandwiches, general groceries, etc), hit up the front of the store. For hot food, head to the back. Further back still, there's additional seating with vintage decor and all.   Depending on the line (meaning, if there is ANYone in front of you), you'll have to wait. Breathe deep...it's OK. The wait is worth it.   Staff are friendly without being cloying. They're very interested in getting down to business.  If you use a credit card, be aware that this may slow things up further, as they either employ a dial up modem, or else have to actually call to authorize the transaction: I was not going to let my food get cold to find out. They told me to sit, and they'd bring my receipt to me.   That said: meatballs in sauce, on a plate, with a side salad. That's all I need. Heaven on a little paper plate.   I wish places like this could get frozen in time forever. God bless the mom and pop shop.  

