                I consider myself somewhat of a sandwich connoisseur. This place delivers on every level. Friendly employees, super fresh bread, good selection of quality toppings. It's not cheap, but the sandwich is almost big enough to share.  My only complaint is that I wish they had coke instead of pepsi Listen to me & listen good: GET THE GARLIC SPREAD!  

                I give it 3.5 stars. This shop is definitely a bright addition to the lunchtime pickings on Sonoma Blvd. I'll definitely be back.  A little pricey for my frugal tendencies but overall, Picnicky's serves up a good sandwich. I just wish they were a bit more generous with the cold cuts. For lunch I ordered a Bold Jerk Turkey sandwich on Dutch Crunch. Since it was my first time, I felt 'splurgy' and went for the Cream Havarti, and avocado - both of which came with an up-charge. After adding a soda and bag of chips my tab came out to just over $12.   The hot pepper spread and garlic spread add depth and dimension to an already flavorful sandwich. Not too spicy, nor too strong.  In my past experiences with Dutch Crunch, I always ended up with small cuts on the roof of my mouth. But not here, the crust wasn't too crunchy and gave way to each bite.  

                I wish I could give a better review as I LOVE sandwiches but heres a few things.  CONS: -Only 2 people ahead of us in line and it took almost 25 minutes to get a sandwich on a Sunday afternoon at 1:30. -Bread to meet ratio was poor. There were only about 2-3 slices of turkey on a delicious , dense ditch crunch roll.  PROS: -quality of Ingredients is great!! -clean environment   I really wanted to give this place great reviews but after such a long wait its hard to overlook that and the pricing is a bit high. $8 to start with any extras $.50-$1.00 each (including Havarti cheese).  There also seemed to be quite a bit of confusion with distributing orders. We may have just missed a rush but there were 2 people with the same name and a few orders were handed out incorrectly.  I may give it another shot but wouldnt go Out of my way at this point.  

                With the departure of Dillon Bread Co., quite possibly the best place to get a sandwich in Vallejo. Subway doesn't count because 1) Subway is a chain and 2) it's only good for feeding to birds (and even then, that bread is an insult to birds.)  So this new spot along Sonoma Blvd occupies the space which used to be known as Philippine Grocery, an old school Vallejo spot that I remember oh so fondly from my childhood. Many a Yan-Yan was purchased here. And who could forget the time my mom locked her keys in the car and we needed to use the nearby phone booth to call AAA. Ah, the good ol days. But I digress. Fast forward to the present day. Name the least like occupants to be in this space and I promise you that sandwich spot would have been my last guess (next to robot factory.)  Upon my first arrival... Not going to lie, I'm a bit annoyed. It's well into lunchtime and the line is somewhat lengthy. Still, I decide to wait it out as I've done for many other establishments. Already, I can see their sandwich assembly team is hard at work, which is awesome. About 15 minutes passes by and I finally order, at this point happy to finally be placing an order. The girl at the counter is friendly and takes my order quickly (pastrami with everything and cream havarti on dutch crunch.) Sandwich itself is about $8 and an additional $2.50 for chips and a drink. Not bad.  About 5 minutes later and my sandwich comes out. It's of considerable size as well. Maybe a foot long? Somewhere in that neighborhood. I unwrap it and see that it's packed quite nicely with meat, cheese, veggies, and their garlic spread. I bite into it and I am beyond impressed. Other than something I could make at home, this is the best sandwich I've had in Vallejo. It's hearty, down to the last bite. And the garlic spread really sets the sandwich off. I love garlic and this was perfect.  So all in all, you'll have to wait awhile, but you're guaranteed to get a really good sandwich. That being said, I do hope they find a way to be able to service customers a little more quickly. Oh, and maybe get contactless payment working. I tried, but to no avail. But those are minor nitpicks. I really enjoyed my food and experience here. The owner seems like a friendly guy as well. I will definitely keep coming back and supporting this joint. You should too.  

                I love me a good sandwich! There's no occasion for me where a sandwich isn't appropriate. So when I saw we had a new local deli, I had to make my way out!   First off, sandwiches were super delicious and filling. I love the selection of meats and cheeses, and all the ingredients were very fresh. They do have an industrial type toaster for sandwiches. It's not obvious that they toast sandwiches, so make sure to ask for it if you enjoy hot sandwiches.   They are very new and are still working out a lot of kinks. But be patient because the sandwiches are worth the wait. This isn't Subway- a good sandwich takes time to make.   The decor of the place is pretty sparse so far. They're still organizing and moving things around. But I feel like once they get their legs, they'll definitely be adding a lot to the place. T  Customer service is top shelf, the owner remembered me from my last visit and we had a great talk. Very friendly and hard working staff!  

                Disappointed !   Big sandwiches above average taste, but let me tell you the organization is terrible. Expect to wait 20 to 30 min to get your sandwich. My rating has gone down because of my experience there today. Waited a good 25 min in line to get my sandwich and I still had three people in front of me and a line behind me I heard the owner talk to the employees about the bread but saying they only had about 5 rolls left. He never said anything to any of us in line until we were almost up and the owner tells one of the workers u better tell the line we are out of bread. WHAT? So you knew your bread was low and let the line get huge and not bother to let any of us know until it was gone? Meanwhile the owner couldn't even tell us himself he wouldn't even look up at the line but we all heard him. Great place but then need some serious organization or hire a manger. He needs some extra hands.  

                Extras: Avocado: $1.25 Bacon: $1.75 Peperoncini: .75¢ Jalapeños: .75¢   Had to pay an additional $4.50 for "extras". Pretty pricey in my opinion. Overall sandwich was good, but not sure if it would be as good without paying an additional $4.50.  

                Fresh ingredients, fresh & yummy bread. Call in orders w/ a pickup line. Friendly. Decent seating. Plan on a line if you walk in. The reason for 3 stars- they can be stingy with the meat & inconsistent, also tomatoes sliced super thin. Ya ya Im a bitch, but for $8 for just a sandwich? (no chips or drink) Really? I had the Italian. No pic-hungry. Overall its a good experience.  

                I tried picknickys today for the first time! I called in my order so i could just pick it up on my way home from work. A girl answers and it was super loud in the background & she asked if I could hold. I waited 15 min and then the phone hung up. I mean I understand this is an upcoming business but maybe you guys are under staffed or just don't multitask well. Luckily I was hungry and have been waiting for a good sandwhich spot to open in Vallejo.   I get there and pick up my order and take it home. It was fairly large- big enough for 2 people in my opinion only for $8. I ordered a turkey sandwhich with everything on it besides pickles and mustard. I was super excited to try this spot due to the fact they have a garlic spread and a pepper one. Did I get that on my sandwhich today? Nope. Even on their menu it is listed in that section. A little disappointed but I will def try this place out again and emphasize that I want everythingggggg on it  

                YES. Everything was perfect. If anything, I just wish they had more seating. I'm obsessed. I got oven gold turkey with everything. I wanna try toasted next time.  

                Went for my first time today. I placed and recieved my order in a speedy timely fashion. I've been to alot of different delis and sandwich shops, this one is definitely up there! Delicious cheeses and meats and great selection of rolls for their sandwiches. I was impressed and the sandwich exceeded my expectations. Definitely worth the price. I'll be coming here again. A must try! #SupportLocalBusiness  

                I am eating my sandwich as I type this.   FANTASTIC.  My co worker and I found out about this place buy a guy who came to our work with a Grand Opening card.  Today we decided to give it a shot seeing as how we usually go for Togos or Raleys sandwiches.    My co worker picked up the phone and called in the order and she said the lady on the phone was very prompt, courteous and helpful.  She said our order would be ready in 10 min.  She definitely wasn't lying.  It was ready when we arrived.  I ordered a turkey sandwich, and my co worker tried a roast beef with the garlic spread.   I must admit, hers was definitely better than mine.  Absolutely delicious! I may just have to order it next time!  I do have to agree with other reviewers.. They are a bit pricey and I am a little sad that they don't have honey mustard.    Other than that, I will return :)  My co worker and I are happy campers over here!  

                SO excited this is open!!!  ADORABLE inside. There was a LOT of thought and work that went behind setting it up and I want to give this more chances because of that. I concur with other comment that it is clean and bright.  Picnic theme on one side, beachy on another.  Even the utensils are displayed in a cute picnic type wooden basket.   Garlic Spread. Goodness graciously good, like a spicy mustard?  Definitely can skip the mayo with this brilliant slather.   Would like to see better quality sliced bread options for an 8$ cheese sandwich.  The wheat slices in mine was not bad, just ordinary thin slices I would make at home for a group of kids PB n J's.    The young man running the register is a GEM and seriously needs to be promoted swiftly to manager ASAP.  He always kept a smile and upbeat charm despite the guy running it that day who hopefully won't continue making negative comments so often and so loudly for all the people waiting to hear.  (Waiting for what was really a bit too long, and one woman complained she had waited half an hour.)  The price is comparable to the same Boars head sandwiches that can be bought at Food Basket Deli by Kaiser in Vallejo. (Though I must say Food Basket piles on much more food, I actually like the size Picknickys made, as I do not have a mouth of a jolly green giant.)  Main tip is more organization with orders, and PLEASE management, do NOT chastise your employees in hearing shot of customers very unprofessional,  usually keeps me away from a business.   The area where sides were kept maybe could be lit better?  I liked that there were the chips options as is standard, but would love to see more healthy sides like fresh fruits, Carrot/Celery/Jicama sticks/Green salads.    Was kind of sad it took SO long for me to be greeted.  One worker never once said a peep to any customers, kind of odd.  

                Awesome new sandwich shop in Vallejo only. This is not a franchise. It is a local busness owner.  Great food, very nice owners and employees. Support your locally owned busness in Vallejo and get great food.  DeDe Scrivner.  

                I have been waiting so patiently for this deli to open and finally got to go in today!! Ordered 5 roast beef and one turkey!!  The sandwiches are great!!  The garlic spread is bomb!!! The deli is spotless clean!! The owner, david, is very nice and all employees that were in there!! Vallejo needs a good deli and this place is here to stay!! Wish people would understand that any new business has kinks to work out as will this biz! I got my 6 sandwiches pretty darn fast actually!! Will definitely go back on a regular basis!!  

                Stopped in about a week after it opened. Figured they would have settled in some, got out some of the kinks. But it didn't seem so.  I walk in and there are a couple sandwiches in progress, another guy waiting (who let me go in front of him) and that's it. I walk over to where the sign is hanging saying order here. I wait, and wait, and wait. No one acknowledges me for quite some time. Finally one of the girls making a sandwich says "did you place your order?" And I said no, not yet. She says oh, you have to go over there to order. I say, not where it says "order here?" She kinda laughs and says no.  So I go over in front of the register and am waiting for the people ahead of me to get rung up. Which takes a really LONG time. Finally I get to order. On their special board, it has a sandwich, Mr. California, all veggies, on wheat with mayo and garlic spread. This is what I order, but I want it on rye, not wheat. He says it's a new, so he keeps referring back to the board to mark all the ingredients. He gets to making my sandwich, and pull out a wheat roll. I was watching, and I said no, I want rye. So he apologizes and finishes my sandwich.  I have to wait a minute to pay, and I asked also for a drink and chips. I do not believe the price of the drink or chips was on the board, butI might have missed it. But I was shocked to see my total at $12.48! The same combo at Raley's would have run me $7.50. That's a huge difference.    I was there probably 25 minutes, on a Thursday about 11 am. Well before a lunch rush. Luckily it was my day off, because I only get 30 minutes and would have been late!  The sandwich was ok. Veggies were fresh and tasty. The bread wasn't that great, a little hard. According to the other reviews, the garlic spread would have been the best part, but it was left off my sandwich, which made me sad.  I'll give them another try in a few weeks. I'm hoping it's just settling in issues, as I'd love a nice sandwich shop in Vallejo!  

                Great Sandwiches.  Don't miss the garlic and pepper spreads.  Boars head meats, fresh veggies, fresh breads.  All the additions you could want.  Nice to see a new business open up in Vallejo.  Only suggestions might be some type of fresh baked sweet at the check out.......I would have been happy to pick up a brownie or cookie to go along with lunch.  

                Finally a sandwich shop without any hype, just good fresh ingredients and the bread to hold it all together.  The garlic and jalapeño sauces mixed together make it tastier than anything Vallejo has to offer.  A whole lotta sandwich for a decent price make this place well worth going out of your way for.  

                Tried this place for the first time today because I wanted to try something new. Went in and ordered a Mesquite turkey on a French roll with swiss, mayo, lettuce, tomato and the hot pepper spread and my boy friend ordered a maple honey ham with everything on it. We got our sandwiches fairly quick but when we opened them, we were so confused because everything was wrong! So my boy friend and I sat there for a while trying to figure out which one was which but eventually we just went up to them and told then we were confused about which is which, but I think David is his name quickly told them to remake it and when we got it back they tasted great!  

                Okay someone told me this place was like my favorite Genoa in North Oakland. ... No freaking way. .. They are way stingy with the meat and I got a whole sandwich full of sprouts...wth...I should go get my money back $10 for this ... owner needs to go back to drawing board figure out what makes a good sandwich. ...rip off!!!  

                This sandwich place is way better than subway. I shouldn't even compare it to subway, because they're sandwiches are on a whole nutha level! I love the pepper spread that they have. It's a little spicy, but good. I got there a little late (around 3pm) and they were out of Dutch crunch bread . :( so I got the soft roll instead. The staff is really friendly and parking isn't bad at all. I highly recommend this place if you're craving a good sandwich! I'll definitely be back :) I ordered the roast beef sandwich with American cheese and everything on it.  

                A nice new deli by Kaiser. The spread they use is different and tasty. The ingredients were all fresh. The only comments I have and would blame on the newness is.  A little slow. There were only two customers and they seemed a little overwhelmed. I will definitley have to call ahead next time.  The sandwiches seem a little thrown together, not a lot of meat (still tasty) I ordered a toasted cheese sandwich for my two year old (bread and cheese) and I got a turkey sandwich and chips for me. It was 19 and change.  They might need to consider some smaller/cheaper portions for kids. Or at least post prices.   The staff seemed friendly. I will go back. I wish you well. Vallejo needs good businesses.  

                I am absolutely in love with this place! Sandwiches are to die for, so fresh and yummy the spreads omg the spreads are sooo great and unique. The owner is great such a nice guy very engaging with his customers, i will most def be back and support them because their sandwich was the best ive ever had and im so grateful its in vallejo!  

                Did some searching in the area and saw this new shop always like to support and try local and upcoming business. I was impressed it was very clean great price and wow are the sandwiches HUGE. Will go back when craving sandwich. Had a roast beef on sourdough roll which by the way we're so soft and fresh. The guy recommended this hot garlic spread said it wasn't to spicy and it was the bomb!! Will get it every time great place .  

                Very tasty garlic spread that makes these sandwiches different than other shops.  Been making me come back every week.  Line and wait can get a little long during lunchtime.  Priced reasonably.  I will choose a higher priced picknicky sandwich over a lower priced low quality Subway sandwich anyday! Pastrami on sour is on hit!  

                I like sandwiches and always try out a new deli/sandwich places when they open.  This is is eh~ I had the jerked turkey with swiss on dutch crunch with everything and added sprouts $10.  Size of the sandwich is good and big but the overall taste is not savory or tasteful.  Bread was so dry and tough.  I'm sorry to say but the sandwich was not too good.  Sorry.  

                We were out running errands this morn...and on way home decided to try out V-Towns latest place for a sandwich...(lately we have noticed our "other" sandwich places "chains" wont mention names.) Are declining in the quality :( sad, really...anyway... 11am Sat, No lines by the way, and yummy turkey on sourdough..(with this great pepper spread stuff.) we are going here from now on....good selections of breads and meats and you can get a little potato or macaroni salad to accompany it.....(oh, only reason i did not put 5 stars was that was a little "skimpy" on the xtras so ill have to ask for more onions and stuff next time..and ill gladly pay extra,..I guess my fault really...but its a new place for me.. :)  

                My first time here and I LOVE it. I'm picky with my sandwiches and this place is perfect for me. The sizes of the sandwiches are good too, they aren't small and they're worth their price. I love their hot pepper spread and garlic sauce as well. It's amazing. I can't wait to go back.  

                My boyfriend & I tried picnickys out for the first time yesterday & we can't wait to go back!! It was absolutely delicious! The line was a little long, it stayed to the door for the entire time we were there but we got our sandwiches pretty fast so we didn't mind. It's not cheap, but it's so worth it. I really hope they're around for a long time cause I look forward to coming here again & again!  

                Amazing sandwich shop, everything was fresh and flavorful.  I had the roast beef which was perfect.  The garlic spread makes the sandwich, it's a subtle addition that should not be over looked.  The staff was very friendly and enthusiastic.  This place should have a bright future in Vallejo.  

                Friendly service and nice layout. However,, the best Sandwich place in Vallejo is still Food Basket. Both shops carry the same meat product (boars head premium meats). However,, Food basket's sandwiches taste better. And the service at Food basket is faster. Try both places and you be the judge.  

                We have been waiting for a good sandwich shop in town and this is it. Hot Pastrami on French roll. SUPER GOOD. highly recommend it.  

                Great sandwich for Vallejo...just a bit on the pricey side for any extra add ins but Will definitely come back.  

                Long story short, the sandwiches flavor and portions were good, but not for the price. The price of the sandwich without anything extra is decent, but when you start to add certain ingredients it gets pretty high. I paid $28 for TWO sandwiches. I understand certain ingredients should be charged extra, but not jalepenos or peperocinis. Also, it would have been nice to ask if I wanted my sandwich toasted. I saw that was an option on my receipt when I got home. Next time I feel like having a sandwich, I probably will end up at Safeway or Raley's where you can get four sandwiches for the same price.  

                Overall, I liked this place. This is going to be a good review with a little bit of constructive (hopefully) criticism at the end.   First of all, the place looks nice on the inside. Its clean, well kept, and bright. There is also a pair of picnic tables inside to sit at which is pretty cool.  Most importantly the food was good. Slightly expensive; plan on paying upwards of $7-8 per sandwich and possibly more for extras. All in all though, you get what you pay for. These are filling sandwiches with good quality meat. They have their own garlic spread that gives these sandwiches some character. They aren't overly fancy or anything, but they are good and can hit the spot. My family had two roast beef sandwiches and one cheese sandwich w/ sprouts (highly recommended actually) that they will heat up for you.  The only issue with my experience is that the staff, although very friendly and welcoming, looks inexperienced and can be disorganized. I ordered three sandwiches. One was supposed to have avocado and I paid extra for it to be on the sandwich, but they forgot. Unfortunately I didn't notice this until I brought the sandwich home, but I'm actually not too upset about that because they added sprouts to the cheese sandwich without charging me for it because it was apparently the first cheese sandwich they've sold.   My concern for the business is the potential for disorganization during lunch time rushes and big orders. I understand they are a new business with young people running the place, but I'm hoping they can work out the kinks and thrive. Although they slightly messed my order, I will be a returning customer as long as they keep their shop CLEAN and the food tasty. Hopefully they can become more organized along the way.  

                Solid sandwich spot.  The sandwich is a good size about a foot.  The price is competitive to other sandwich spots if you don't the expensive extras. My sandwich was ready in about 7 mins and there were two people ahead of me.  The cashier seemed new because she kept forgetting to give people their cups.  All in all it was a good experience; the shop was clean and trendy looking which a much needed in Vallejo.  I wish it was located downtown to get more of a draw there.  

                Went there last week on my lunch break, waited about 10 minutes in line for 3 people ahead then ordered 5 minutes it was ready. whatever the pepper spread was on it, was over powering. paid 3 dollars extra for double mean on a 8 dollar sandwich get back to work only one meat was on sandwich and I know this kinda stuff happens when you are busy but by the time i went there and back to work and back there and back to work i spend a whole lunch break trying to get a sandwich that wasn't very good. the manager i believe the guy making the sandwiches didn't remake the sandwich just opened it up and added meat and handed me a soda cup for my troubles.  

                Friendly and welcoming staff. Make sure to get that bomb ass garlic spread on your sandwich!!  

                This is pretty good, the only thing that isnt working out is when you order your food and waiting for it. They need to find a better solution for all of that. People behind me were getting their sandwiches before I got mine..  

                This is the cutest sandwich spot in Vallejo! They are new & busy...which is great! I checked their reviews on yelp prior to coming & was prepared to wait a little. Not much of a wait at all...amazing service & really good food! I have a very demanding husband, 2 teenaged boys & two smaller ones...all pretty difficult to satisfy!! They were all pleased & full which makes me HAPPY! Give them a chance & keep in mind that they are new & a family owned business...just some average joes like the rest of us...not togos, subway....way more personal with a real family touch!! We will be regulars...that's for sure!!  

