                FIVE STARS ALWAYS. The set up is so retro cool, and the people are super laid back. The food is always always stellar. The Korean cute couple here, are toooooo nice, and toooooooo generous with their service, servings, and prices. It's like they don't care about the money. They just want to feed people who don't have much to spend, and they just want to warm their hungry tum tums.  We know the owners quite well. They are so respectful and kind. It's almost like when we enter they feel so honored and blessed, when truly it's the other way around. TOOOOOOOO humble for their own good. I hope NO ONE ever takes advantage of their humungous giving hearts, and their huge delicious home made fare.  You can find many homey Korean dishes here too! My pops luvs that. Whereas I just love their great hash browns, the perfectly cooked eggs, and all the options they've got at such LOW ASS prices. I almost want to scream at them: 'you need to make some money, and raise the prices just a wee bit!' But I know, they're the type of people who live with this type of motto: 'We don't need much, and we just live humbly and happily.' I hope to be like this couple one day. Just doing simple things, helping people, and not needing much to be happy. Happiness is just that... honest humility, and knowing that good deeds are what truly matters, and if it tastes good for everyone, it's always a win win situation! :)  Please, try the great home cooked fare at this great adorably decorated diner. Not all uppity and snobby at all. It's truly as if you're going back home, to great food, and a mum and a pop, who will love you for YOU. :)  

                +1 star for being a locally owned restaurant in West Oakland.   This is the place I get my breakfast fix in West Oakland. Good food at decent prices and friendly service.   Plus you'll get the best fist bump in the tri-county area for free with every visit!  Free coffee with every brecky!  

                The Pretty Lady is my absolute favorite neighborhood spot. Now that alone is not saying much as West Oakland is still pretty bare bones in terms of good food, but I could honestly eat breakfast here most days for the rest of my life.   You walk in and sit down, look around the horseshoe shaped table and get an awesome panorama of the diversity of Oakland. Hipsters, gutter punks, families, local folks that have been in this neighborhood for 50 years, they all gather here. All sitting around the same table drinking the same coffee and eating food prepared by a true modern heroine of West Oakland who goes by the name of Song.   She comes up and gives everybody a fist bump! Of the 50 or so times I have eaten here, there was only one day when she was not there, and it really wasn't the same. I am always so happy to see her, and her energy is always amazing.   The food is always ready INSANELY fast, and it is good. About as good a cheap greasy diner breakfast you can get in the Bay Area. $6.99 gets you 2 eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, toast, and coffee, and its all yummy. The breakfast burrito is also one of the best I've had.   My biggest criticism of the Pretty Lady is that it is not open on Sundays! I guess Song needs a day off too, but I would rather sacrifice not having her there to be open on Sundays even if the quality would suffer. Otherwise, this spot is about as perfect as they come if you're looking for a cheap, delicious and quirky diner in the East Bay.  

                I tried this place recently and I'm a big game. One nice Korean Lady seems to handle all of it herself (orders, cooking, busing tables, etc.). She takes care of everyone on one counter-top.  There's an assortment of diner food with a Korean twist.  I ordered a spicy pork sandwich with a side of potato salad (it didn't taste like Costco or Safway, likely homemade and it was yummy). I added an over-easy egg on top of the sandwich which added to the sandwich.  One friend ordered a patty melt and another chow mein, and we split an order of kimchi which also seemed fresh and not store-bought.  I'd go again!  

                Huge portions, great prices, good food, friendly staff. The woman working at the counter greeted us all with fist bumps and was extremely attentive and super nice! The food was amazing! We ordered the banana pancakes with a side of hash browns and eggs. I usually order my eggs sunny side up and it's always a hit or miss with that,  sometimes they're okay and other times they're over cooked and brown. The chef back there made them perfectly! The hash browns took over the plate it was so huge! And the pancakes were delicious they reminded us of fried plantains with pancake surrounding them.  I will definitely will be returning!  

                I just got breakfast about 20mins ago from here and was totally ripped off! I got the 2 egg breakfast that is $5.99 and asked for cheese and spinach at $1 each extra. Once I got my order, not only was there no cheese or spinach but she charged me $9.75 for the meal. I told her she hadn't given me any of the extra things I ordered and she looked at me blankly waiting for me to pay her. I was so fed up and hungry that I paid and left. Once I sat down to eat the food it was super greasy and nasty. I will never be going back there again!  

                In the middle of nowhere in west oakland.  The epitome of a "greasy spoon", in a good way.  You walk in and you're transported to a diner in the 50's.  Except its a old korean couple who run it.  It's a U-shaped counter seating arrangement, that' it.    It's cheap, and down home diner food with some korean twists.    You WILL get a fist bump from the owner.  Mandatory.  You CAN get kimchi if you ask for it, no charge of course.  Your coffee will be bottomless.    You will likely get asked if you ordered a few times, even though there's only like 20 seats....Sung and his wife are getting older.  You should DEFINITELY get the breakfast burrito, and spicy pork with rice.  Get kimchi as well.  If you're nice, she'll come by and give you a pack of seaweed.  The is the quintessential neighborhood spot.  They ask for your order by the number on the menu to keep it simple.  It's cheap.  It's local.  (The location, probably not the ingredients.)  If you live nearby, you should eat brunch here.  

                Good food and she does do the fist pump lol. I was caught off guard lol. Cool ass place.  

                Amazing French toast we came right in time before they closed. First time from Los Angeles and it was such a friendly comfortable old school place.  

                Good greasy spoon breakfast breakfast. I'd have tried it sooner but there's always a line waiting to get in. I don't want starving people staring at me while I eat. Got up a bit earlier today, took care of some business and got here at 10:10 a.m. (on a Saturday). They make a good American breakfast: eggs, bacon, hashbrowns and toast.  

                Had the pancakes, eggs and Bacon plate. The pancakes are by far some of the best I've had in a long time when it comes to eating out. This place only has bar seating. It seems as if this place is frequented by locals a lot. Great prices and even better food. What more could one ask for?  

                I have no answer for gentrification, but if you don't want to contribute, then skip Brown Sugar Kitchen and Kilovolt and go here.  If you are looking for a REAL neighborhood business that has been around longer than a hipster's "ironic" facial hair and is affordable for even the most starving of artists, than you will love Pretty Lady.  If you drive a Rover(Land or Range), leased a nearby loft or bought a brand new condo, never make eye contact with locals and wish someone would do something about all the homeless people, then don't bother stopping here.  I mean, there are actual working class people in here...ewww!  

                This place is by far the most solid place around Oakland for great food at a great price.  I had pancakes, eggs, and ham.  Everything was just perfectly done. With 3 other orders from my parents and son and everything came out fast and everyone loved their food.  My parents ordered banana pancakes and they were so delicious.  My dad who only cooks with bananas was absolutely in love with them.  The lady behind the counter was so sweet and friendly even paid extra close attention to my son.  So glad this place is a block from me, it will become my home away from home.  

                I'm so sorry, anyone who reads my reviews, that I fucked up so bad as to not tell you about Pretty Lady. I just noticed I'd left a tip but not a full review, and I did you an injustice in that.   It's years ago, I'm visiting Oakland and my friend recommended we try this place, because he was more up on yelp than I was back then. "It's an american diner run by asians with a name that might have originally meant for a nail salon." He explained. "You'll love it, you just have to go there. It's perfect."   We only went once, but I remember it as one of my happier moments and is one of the places I'd feel genuine nostalgia to come back to. It was ridiculously cheap, the woman who served us was really funny and sweet. and the food was prepared in a way that made it clear the chef actually cared about what they were doing. The french toast was delicious and filling. The woman told us a very confusing story about someone trying to give her counterfeit bills or something and pointing to a bunch of them stapled to the wall, but she told us, somewhat ominously, that she knew who did it. She was awesome, the story was awesome, and we had the perfect breakfast.   If you're in oakland, go to this place at some point for breakfast. Unless you're a dick, then stay out of my happy place in the bay area.  

                Fist bumps, shrimp fried rice, free watermelon. Best Saturday brunch ever. Someone just proclaimed, "put some extra good on that."  

                Amazing little hole in the wall, in a highly industrialized area of Oakland.  It was hard to find, and when we got there I realized there are only fixed bar stools around a counter and not tables and chairs.  I travel with 2 toddlers and a newborn, so this was a tricky thing to navigate, but were were hungry and lunch was in full swing and it's kind of the only thing around so we tried it.  The staff was awesome!  I guess they don't get much, if any, kids there so they were very attentive to my needs.  They went above and beyond, bringing out phone books for my kids to sit on to so they could reach the counter, warm wet paper towels to wash their hands and face, and they constantly cooed over my newborn.  I felt bad for all the lone dudes at the counter, but my kids were quiet and hopefully didn't ruin what is probably a usually mellow, child-free lunch spot.  The food was very good, and reasonably priced, which is good because I discovered too late that they only take cash and I had to keep my order small for the little cash I had on hand.  If, for whatever reason, I am every back in that part of Oakland again (we were on our way to Fairyland) I will stop by and say hello to all the nice people there!  

                Price was awesome and pancakes were on point, but the rest - the eggs and French toast - were mediocre at best. The service was really friendly and quick. And the hash browns were decent.  

                Good, inexpensive, plentiful food, with a super friendly staff in a small (and a bit shabby) space. This is a great little neighborhood spot. I'll gladly come a little out of the way to support this kind of business... one that seems happy to be located exactly where it is and serves its community. Looking for breakfast in West Oakland? Skip right over 10th & Wood and hit The Pretty Lady.  

                Having recently moved to West Oakland, I was immensely pleased in finding Pretty Lady on a warm day on my bike.  This place makes me feel right at home and their breakfast invokes many happy thoughts and feelings (and it is so inexpensive, which adds to the aforementioned happy thoughts and feelings).  I never write Yelp reviews, but the lady who runs this spot is awesome and cute, and the food is so filling and satisfactory. The place itself is filled with sunlight from its big windows and friendly eclectic folk from my new neighborhood.  Love it, hope this place is here forever.  

                Wonderful friendly people and the best inexpensive food you can buy! Its a very small diner style restaurant with horseshoe shaped seating so not the best for intimate settings but Ive often enjoyed chatting with the person who ends up sitting right next to us and its never been a bad experience. Sometimes there is a bit of a wait on weekends and popular times but it is good to see these friendly and charming folks doing well with their business. They have been around a long time and deserve your support. Great breakfast food and the eggs with a side and coffee is a great deal as is the teriyaki bowl.  

                This is my favorite neighborhood breakfast place. It's family owned and run by an older couple and they are just the sweetest. The seating is all around an old school u-shaped counter and it's really charming. It's inexpensive and although the food is not fancy, they have the best home fries and hash browns.  

                Is there such thing as a dive diner? If so, this place would fit the bill. No frills here- eggs how you like em, potatoes, toast, AND the coffee comes with most meals. Sweet! The server who made sure to fist bump us upon greeting was very accommodating when it came to making substitutions or changes. Overall, good vibes and pretty decent food.  

                I went with a friend for breakfast.  Standard fare, including old school diner coffee.  Couple is super sweet, the folks there are from everywhere West Oakland, no rush, even though there are only about 20 stools.  Eggs, hash browns, etc.  ok, three sausages, split lengthwise.    It's the people and the owners, who remind me of my own parents who ran a place just like this!!!  and the location, and no cost parking.  Price is ok, because coffee's included.  

                I, literally, live right across the street from the Pretty Lady!    The food is delish, great prices, and the owners are super nice. Yes, the sweet, old Korean lady will give you a fist bump, upon being seated.  Whenever I come in with my kids, the nice lady always calls me "Pretty Mommy". :)   There is always an eclectic group of customers dining there, which is super cool.   So far, I've only had their breakfast dishes. I really like their breakfast sandos. I usually get a bacon, egg, and over-easy egg on an english muffin. Never fails to hit the spot!  Gotta try the Pretty Lady out, for yourself!  

                So ive been in the neighborhood (west oakland) for 8years coming to pretty lady for 4yrs...I was deeply disappointed today when I came in and had to wait 15min to be acknowledged(while dirty plates were in front of us) and another 5 for her to be ready to take our order...oh! Did I mention the Caucasian kids (who came in 10mins after us!!!)next to us got acknowledged&served within 5 mins.. soo she takes my friends order and as I look to review mine to give her mine she walks away to continue to do other stuff....had to leave! Not acceptable! It's hard being brown in the "new" west Oakland. ...... lol won't be back....we'll be at wood st cafe&brown sugar!:)  

                I'm definitely a fan of this place. I've lived in the neighborhood for 2 years, and keep coming back.  Service is good, food is good, neighborhood/community atmosphere is GREAT.  Note: This is not a fancy place, it is a standard diner. They do standard diner food--so if that's not your cup of tea, look elsewhere. That's why I'm only giving them a 4 star and not a 5.  

                Not for the food but for the experience. This lady has been there through not so pretty times a great breakfast spot to talk about the neighborhood at a square seating almost strip club style seating nook?  

                as good as a diner can get.  

                Pretty Lady gets 5 stars for good cheap, wholesale food. service is leisurely (to be polite). one korean lady does it all. seating is at a U-shaped counter.  menu: breakfast, sammies, burgers,  (salmon,many choices), salads, fried rice, ...  eats: - spicy pork over rice (6.99) korean style many pieces of mildly spicy pork, tender lots of sauteed veggies with this dish not a lot of rice -homemade chicken noodle soup green onion flavored broth, nice noodles, pieces of tender chicken -comped kimchi tart, crunchy, natural, no msg, sugar, satt  crumbs: -3 egg breakfast has coffee included, would go with hash browns, not home fries -cash only -closes at 2 -lots of food, no msg, excess salt or sugar -lying dogs on sidewalk gets leftover meat/bone scraps. -beware of street cleaning days on alternate Friday afternoons  

                Just moved to the area and was looking for a cheaper breakfast spot this place takes the cake. Nice small diner feel with nice friendly owner.  

                Try the Denver omelette with added spinach and mushrooms for a super yummy healthy start. Keeps me full all day long! The Pretty Lady is a friendly place with delicious comfort food for all.  

                Pretty Lady has become our go-to easy neighborhood breakfast spot for when we're too lazy make breakfast on our own.  The food here is solid breakfast diner fare. Nothing artisan/fancy (besides asking for kimchee in your breakfast burrito), just good ole eggs, hash browns and sausage at really fair prices. Also, the french toast is DELICIOUS. Their rice bowls aren't bad either! (Ask for a fried egg on top, if you want a little something special.) Besides the food, I just adore the owners and the restaurant's atmosphere. The U-shaped counter makes for great people watching. It really is a special little spot in West Oakland.  

                Doesn't Pretty Lady sound like an Asian prostitution ring masquerading as a massage parlor? Well, that's what I figured I would see in this part of West Oakland which makes me a tad fidgety. No surprise that I was having trouble finding a place to park near Pretty Lady. It wasn't that it was busy over there, it's just that there were so many smashed bottles and random pieces of broken pavement preventing me from parking safely. When I finally got out of my car, I was pounced upon by a delusional woman with curlers and two missing front teeth screaming at me a question I couldn't understand.  She became so infuriated when I didn't respond that I scurried to the front door at Pretty Lady. No din of inequity as far as I could see, just a modest-looking diner with no tables. It actually looks like the Golden Coffee Shop in the Tendernob or Wally's Cafe in Emeryville - a big U-shaped counter where you just grab the first available seat. By pure deduction, I guessed that the eponymous Pretty Lady must have been the Asian woman at the register. Looking like it hasn't been upgraded since the first Bush administration, the place attracts a loyal customer base since I saw a lot of regulars come in, including a fair number of economy-challenged hipsters. The menu is fairly bare bones with the most ambitious items being pork chops or spaghetti for $9.99 each.  I went for their most elaborate breakfast plate, #16 for $6.59 - two pancakes, two eggs (sunny-side up), and three half-links of pork sausage (see photo). It was decent grub, no more, no less. The pancakes and eggs were both a tad rubbery but still quite edible. The syrup was stored in a squeeze bottle, so I was squeezing quite frequently to give the pancakes some moisture. I never saw the bottom of my coffee cup, so the pretty lady was really doing her job. Bottom line is that Pretty Lady ain't in a pretty part of West Oakland, but if you need a cheap greasy spoon breakfast, then walk around the toothless woman and order up the combo plate. Did you remember to put the Club on your steering wheel?  FOOD - 3 stars...a true grub hub AMBIANCE - 2.5 stars...there's a fine line between quaint and tarnished, and Pretty Lady ain't so pretty SERVICE - 4 stars...the pretty lady inside works hard for the money TOTAL - 3 stars...well, Brown Sugar Kitchen isn't that far away if you don't mind the two-hour wait  

                Second time I've been to pretty lady, and both times I have left extremely satisfied, happy, and full. The woman behind the counter is so sweet, engaging and genuinely sincere in the happiness of her customers- same goes for her husband. The restaurant itself is very homey and communal which adds another sense of comfort to the place. I will definitely return!  

                Go for the friendly neighborhood vibe - and because you don't want to cook your own breakfast for a change. The owners are friendly and attentive (plenty of water and coffee refills). They want you to be happy. (Wonderfully, the radio played Highway to Hell.)  Priced cheap for the bay - exactly the price diner's should charge.  The food is nothing extraordinary - it is a diner (Americana and Koreana) with some disappointing notes: margarine on the toast, dismal coffee, not-maple syrup. The french toast was comfort food if a little bland.   But the Veggie omelette was tasty with plenty of spinach. The hashbrowns were what you would expect. The iced tea was actually tea (made with tea bags not a mix).   The chairs are permanently installed at a U-shaped counter- Fun! (Meant a snug fit for some of our larger sized friends :)   Cash only. West Oakland is a destination: a Rainy Saturday at 11 there was a wait, but only 5 minutes or so.  

                Disclaimer: I have a really soft spot for neighborhood businesses and mom and pop shops.   This place definitely appeals to this love, while still satisfying very high food standards -- from traditional diner food to rice bowls. I would shy away from the banana pancakes, but everything else is a definite keeper. I think they have a Western omelet or something like that -- extremely filling and perfect every time I've ordered it.   Bottom line: I've always left here feeling better in both my heart and my belly. I hope the fistbumps never end.  

                Very friendly, old school. Great food for cheap. Really enjoyed it. Pleasant vibes. Would return, and recommend. Breakfast burrito was great, coffee decent.  

                In a city where new hip cafes serving overpriced food and drip coffee seem to be springing up weekly, this place is a huge breath of unpretentious fresh air. I lived down the street from the Pretty Lady for a while and always had a great experience even if it was way too busy sometimes or if my food took longer than normal once in a while. The main reason for this is the owner's hardworking attitude and always-pleasant demeanor. She knows her customers and is friendly with everyone who walks through the door. I've even seen her give people food and say, "come back later in the week when you can pay me." The food itself is mostly standard greasy-spoon fare, but if you're lucky she'll break out the spicy pickles and kimchi and serve you a plate. Highly recommended. For best results, go early on the weekdays when it's nice and quiet.  

                Pretty Lady is a hole-in-the-wall diner hidden in the residential area. This tiny place with a U-shaped counter offers simple yet delicious breakfasts. The owners, a middle-aged Korean couple, are so friendly. They talk to everyone and make sure coffee cups are constantly filled.  2 Eggs with 1 Meat Breakfast (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FUeCnEqpOuB1uGfJoHIKJA?select=3J334N49TJ0BNVQ2mzCZFQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/FUeC…</a>): The BF ordered sunny-side up eggs with bacon. It came with hash brown and toast. Both the bacon and hash brown were crispy and good!  French Toast Breakfast (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FUeCnEqpOuB1uGfJoHIKJA?select=D_ZVYf6j8dQiWHc5cODqOg">yelp.com/biz_photos/FUeC…</a>): My order of French toast came with 2 eggs and ham. The French toast was delicious! It had a nice layer of egg and sprinkled with cinnamon and powder sugar. Yum!  Our tummies were happy! And so were our wallets. It was only something like $5 for each our breakfasts!  

                Food was great!  Nice portions!  Food came very quickly. Restaurant is small however with limited seating.  Also instead of personal tables, everyone sits around a diner style counter. Beware, THEY DO NOT TAKE CREDIT/DEBIT CARDS, CASH ONLY!  Overall it was a good experience though.  

