                The décor is cool and hip, upscale for a pizzeria.  Service was OK.  Pizza was the star here, with a light but crisp and chewy crust, innovative toppings.  We had the sausage, tomato, and rapini pizza and the ingredients were all fresh and delicious.  Chicken wings were good, a less spicy version of buffalo wings.  I liked the grilled lemon on the side.  Salads had interesting combinations, but the vinaigrettes could have been better.  The beet salad had a generous amount of beet wedges in different colors, but it was too oily and could have used a little more vinegar or citrus.  The Brussels sprouts salad was more like roasted Brussels sprouts sitting on top of creamy cheese.  It also would have benefited from a touch of acid.  

                I love Redd so when I heard the geniuses behind Redd had a cool hip sibling pizza and pasta spot down the block I had to give it a go!  My Fiancé and I cruised into Yountville and rolled into Redd Wood. They have their own parking lot linked next to the hotel. We walked in and were seated immediately.  We opted for outdoor seating on the courtyard facing the hotel. It was beautiful but nature attacked us via the flies. So beware!  Our server was amazing and very attentive. She had great suggestions! I'm blanking on our drinks. I want to say I had their take on the Margarita and loved it!  We started ofF with the Meatballs in Tomato Sauce with Grilled Bread. It was amazing and super filling probably too much for just two people. It was so good we made the mistake of eating it all and not pacing ourselves.  Next we had the Sausage, Tomato, Smoked Mozzarella, Calabrian Chili, Onions, and Rapini Pizza. Wow! We devoured it!! So good!  By the time the fabulous Spaghetti with Gulf Shrimp, Broccoli, Nduja, Celery Root, Garlic, and Lemon came we were full. We had as much as we could and boxed up the rest.   The meal, vibe, and service were amazing. My only regret was not having saved room for dessert! Definitely a place to frequent in Yountville.  

                I didn't expect to be wowed by Redd Wood but I was pleasantly surprised. The ambience is energetic, but not overbearing at lunch when I visited.   We sat at the bar and ordered a margarita pizza and the mushroom pizza and two Moretti beers. The bartender was welcoming and took our orders promptly. The pizza arrived not too long after and was delicious! The crusts on both pies were crispy and thin, with each slice never drooping at the tip. There was also a nice amount of char on the crust, which added flavor without making it taste like I was chomping on burned bread.   The tomato and mozzarella pizza was nicely flavored and quite light. The mushroom pizza was the opposite, rich and gooey with pancetta, black garlic and marscapone. I typically don't really like rich, "heavy" pizzas and I am a much bigger fan of pizzas with red sauce, but the mushroom pizza was delicious! I wanted to stop eating because I was getting full, but I just couldn't stop. We ate every last crumb and were too stuffed for dessert, but I cannot wait to go back.  

                Nice lil place at the end of town or should I say Yountville. Great food and prices are decent. I say outside and enjoyed the nice sun while eating a juicy burger with a bottle of Deschutes Black Butte. Will be back for other foods soon.  Go and enjoy!!!! Happy eating.  

                Loved the decor felt very European.   The staff is beyond friendly.   Their pizza is really great, no matter what you order you'll be pleased.   You MUST try their cioppino!!! My favorite cioppio by far.   HIGHLY recommend them  

                We had lunch at Redd Wood on a Saturday afternoon.  We were promptly seated, though we did have to wait about 5 minutes before seeing our server.  Sadly, they were out of two menu items.  I attempted to order the burger special, but that also had run out by the time my order was taken.  The cured meats and cheeses are a treat.  The mushroom pizza was outstanding!  I had the rib eye, delicious if overpriced; 35.00 for the petit, 69.00 for the regular cut.  The cannoli was terrific.  The decor is "hip" and a bit edgy, but the noise level is LOUD.  The service is top notch once they get to you table.  

                Came here for dinner when they just opened and thought it was a decent place.  I came back for lunch recently and liked it much better.  Not sure why exactly.  I think the service was way better.  Also, they had this gnocchi dish that was to die for.  It's seasonal so after eating it I kinda wanted to come back everyday to eat it until it goes out of season.  They had a ton of specials when we were there, in fact we told our server how impressive it was, and then he told us that he was halfway done.  At any rate, everything we ordered was delish specially the burrata.  Don't be fooled by the words pizzeria on the window.  The pizza was good and gigantic, but there are more interesting things on the menu.  We had plenty of leftovers.  There are good selection of local wines on the menu.  Scene is very hip young SF looking crowd.  Kinda looks like the Redd crowd but half the age.  

                We finished up our Napa weekend by visiting this lovely pizzeria before our drive home. I was thoroughly impressed and blown away. We arrived a little after 1pm and were seated right away. The menu is not extensive but offers several tasty options. While the pasta and specials all sounded delicious we decided to try three different pizzas. We feasted on the seasonal squash pizza (our waitress helpfully pointed out that the seasonal pizza changes often - kinda obvious - but also that seasonal pizzas don't necessarily reappear the following season), the mushroom and leek as well as the sausage and fennel.   The mushroom and leek pizza was bar my favorite of any pizza places I've been too - perfect balance of a thin but delicious pizza crust, cheese goodness, flavorful mushroom and leeks. I also loved the other two, but i'm still fantasizing about that mushroom pizza! The black garlic aioli added intense but delightful garlic flavor to the pizza.   The interior of the pizzeria is impressive as well. After thinking about it, I would normally consider a black themed atmosphere depressing, however there was a nice balance of sleep black colors accented with whites and coppers, lending to an inviting interior.   I'm already trying to plan my next pizza adventure here!  Note: We brought one of the bottles of wine we purchased on our wine tasting adventure to dinner, there's a $20 corkage fee and the average price of a glass of wine or cocktail is about $13. We did try one of the seasonal cocktails with a peach theme which was delicious, but I also enjoyed having our bottle of red wine with dinner despite the $20 for opening it!  

                Another great Yountville restaurant visited, check! We've been meaning to eat here for ages but its really hard to score a prime time weekend reservation since the place is amazingly popular and for good reason, it's spot-on. From the professional knowledgeable staff to the generous kitchen this place just sparkles as far as I'm concerned.   Chicken Liver Toast - Silky smooth with a hint of meaty sweetness. I'm always pretty amazed when a chef can turn something that I generally don't like into something I love. Liver in general isn't for me but when in the hands of someone talented, it's the best and I love it so.  Crispy Chicken Wings - These were pretty tasty, however, they were just chicken wings and not any better than something you could get at a neighborhood pizza place. The gorganzola cream that came with them, pretty dang good and added a wonderful cooling contrast to the spicy wings.  Chopped Salad - What's not to love about a chopped salad? This one was beautifully presented with a gorgeous assortment of colors, flavors and textures. The dressing was on the vinegary side which I love. We also ordered some house made grilled bread to accompany the salad unfortunately it was a rye bread loaded with caraway seeds, yuck. I'm sure most people like rye and caraway, just not for me.   Prosciutto Crudo Pizza - RW knows how make one heck of a pizza crust. Seriously, it's chewy, moist, lightly charred, and has its own distinct flavor. This crust is definitely up there with some of the great crusts that I love, Bianco's, Mozza, well, you get the idea. I only wished that the toppings were as great as the crust. Don't get me wrong, the toppings worked well together I just wish there were more of them, especially that piggy salty prosciutto. Its not necessarily RW fault, its a preference. Some people love lots of toppings and others prefer a more conservative approach. The toppings did work well together, next time Ill see if I can order extra prosciutto.   Sausage Pizza - Same as above, was left wishing for more meat. The meats they create are so delicious they leave you craving more. I loved their sausage!   Cannoli - Okay, these are mini cannolis, like the size of one of my chubby fingers. But let me tell you, they were perfect. Whoever decided to dip them in ground toffee is a f-ing genius! The filling was so creamy and dense, the shells crisp, and that rich toffee, I was in fatboy heaven!   With the above add a dynamic wine list, full bar and cool laid back atmosphere and you have a place that's going to be in high rotation on my dining list. So much love. xo  

                The food was fine but pricey for what you get. #restaurantreview #napa  Mostly pizzas ($17), pastas and salads. We were a table of 9 people so we sampled most of the main items on the menu. The mushroom pizza was soggy and tasteless. We liked the chicken wing appetizer and the Brussels sprouts, but otherwise, everything was just okay.   Our server was attentive and responsive, and patient despite our large group. Bar tender was also very accommodating.   Ambience was casual. Warm, loud, lively.  

                Although connected to a hotel (not sure which one right now), it's a very nice restaurant. We went there for breakfast and sat outside on the end of the street where it's very quiet. Peaceful setting with a few strolling people walking by.   Breakfast for us consisted of an omelette (good) and an egg sandwich (good). Both came with greens which was a nice touch. Coffee was excellent. Service was good, but since we were outside it was a big sluggish for some requests. Not bad, but just a slight slow.  Overall I'd recommend.  

                Didn't have the most pleasant experience, however management apologized and they are trying their best to make up for it. I will be giving Redd Wood another chance.  

                Cured meats, burrata with heirloom tomatoes, and amazing pizza all at a reasonable price (and with farm egg on that pizza...ugh /dead). What more could you ask for??   Every dish was scrumptious and the maitre de was HOT! Oh wait, that's off topic. The 3 cured meats were made in house and accompanied with pickled...carrots? Something delish. There was also these great cheesy breadsticks that blew me away. They do bread justice here. The toasted bread that went along with the burrata (creamy innards of mozzarella. Haha there are more appetizing ways of phrasing that) and heirloom tomato was purrrrfect.   By the time we even got to the pizza we were stuffed but the pizza too was amazing with a cheesy crust, a smear of sauce, melted cheese, salty prosciutto, fresh arugula, and the finest shaved cheese I've ever seen on top. Oh and the farm egg nestled inside like a glorious yolky surprise. I only had the stomach space to eat one piece (yes, the one with the egg) before I left--the maitre de was probably starting to get weirded out by my staring anyway.   In short, amazing meal! Everything is yummy and it's all affordable. Im a huge fan.  

                What a lovely dining experience!  Warm ambiance, outstanding service, delicious food... What else could you ask for?? The grilled bread was so simple and fresh.  I happened to see another table's bolognese so I was sold on that, but I typically order pizza when there's a brick oven.  Guess I'll have to come back and give their pizza a try! :)  Paired it with a glass of the Sangiovese (per the server's recommendation) and although it was sweeter than I would've normally ordered, it paired nicely. Overall fantastic experience.  

                I love pizza. I LOVE pizza. Seriously. The things I would do...   Service is superb, ambiance is great and the food keeps me coming back for more.   We can never get enough of the charcuterie - it's constantly on point and delicious. Major brownie points for the breadsticks and bread that are made in house as well!  Pizza is always great, even though I'm a simple kind of girl and love the usual mozzarella and basil.   But seriously though the real problem is when you try and order three pizzas and have to share with your significant other.  

                I wanted to try everything on the menu, it all looked delicious! There is a nice warm ambiance in the restaurant and the wait staff was very knowledgable about the menu. I recommend the meatballs, the meat is perfection, and the Brussel sprout salad, the combination of salty sprouts and sweet apples is to die for!  

                Richard Reddington's casual dining spot  located on the North End of Yountville and sibling to upscale Redd in downtown Yountville, Redd Wood is probably best known for pizza. But our breakfast here was the best my husband and I can remember enjoying in many years. Yet on the Saturday morning of our visit there were only six customers total. With no disrespect to the folks running Bouchon in Yountville where I've enjoyed good breakfast in times past, I wanted to go tap people lined up to get in there on the shoulder and say "go a half mile north to Redd Wood for delectable breakfast with no wait and you'll pay less to boot".  So I share that little tip if you're planning a trip to the Napa Valley.   LOCATION & NEIGHBORS  Located at the corner of the boutique hotel called North Block,  this is our favorite part of Yountville.  It is more laid back and quiet in morning hours (nights are a different matter) and with great "neighbors" and old style charm.  The art gallery and wine collective, Maisonry, is located in a 1906 stone building just down the block. Remarkable dinner restaurant Ciccio is located inside an old market building just across the street. And down just a bit from that is the new and charming tasting room for Jessup Cellars.   VIBE & SEATING Windows at front let in lots of light. Casual decor with copper topped tables and striped cloth napkins.   Seating at banquettes, some leather upholstered, and also leather chairs and bent-wood chairs. All restaurant seating was standard table height which we liked since our days of wanting to perch on a barstool for breakfast are in our rear view mirror. Breakfast service also offered at outside tables in Hotel courtyard.  A nice vibe, with this exception. The music.   Turned up to nearly full volume, as you might expect in kitchens at prep hours when customers aren't present, while I enjoy tunes like this rendition of "I'll be glad when you're dead you rascal you", I don't want to listen to them at full volume when eating breakfast.  Try this. Use the link here, turn it up full blast and see how it impacts your breakfast. :-) <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DfHOqJYk5-zg&s=7a00fa76dce4ae59268821e6f597cd3effd963071f0b20b8fed758b912d1c91c" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">youtube.com/watch?v=fHOq…</a>   Just saying.  There's a reason for different music mix in morning hours.  MENU & FOOD & VALUE The single page menu here is small but mighty. Divided into Pastries & Cereals, Eggs and Sides in prices ranging from $6 to $14, we knew before we went in that we were on a pilgrimage for the ricotta pancakes.  One of my favorite things, they are difficult to find on menus and even more difficult to find made right. The Meyer lemon ricotta pancakes ($12) here were the most perfect ones I have ever had. Two generous pancakes, served piping hot, just right texture and just slightly sweet with the lightest dusting of powdered sugar and a little pitcher of warm real maple syrup on the side if one wanted to amend the delicate flavor of the pancakes. (I didn't.)   My husband's omelet ($14), one option daily, was generously filled with cremini mushrooms, fontina cheese and house cured ham and came with unique breakfast potatoes that appeared to be Yukon golds that were twice cooked (roasted and "smashed" and then crisped by pan frying), two slices of thick sliced toasted rustic bread with a warm winter compote for spreading and baby arugula salad that was dressed just so. All scrumptious.  Coffee ($3 each) from a San Mateo roaster was robust and served piping hot. Noting several Napa area restaurants are starting to charge per cup for coffee, we appreciated our mugs were kept filled here.   Excellent breakfast for two was only $32.00 before tax.  SERVICE Crisp, knowledgeable and efficient if not necessarily warm and welcoming.   THIS N THAT:  1) MORNING COOKS CHANGE: It is not unusual for a restaurant that offers breakfast service as adjunct meal to rotate through sous chefs or line cooks from the main dining hours as cook of the day for breakfast. They do that here. We were so impressed with the food on our visit we asked who was leading the kitchen that morning and told the breakfast chef that day was Lana. Brava. If she's up when you're in, expect the best.   2) PARKING: A bear in this end of Yountville most of the time, any time of year in the evenings, but at breakfast time there was ample parking on the street and some in the lot for the North Block Hotel, which Redd Wood customers are invited to use.   3) ACCESSIBILITY: Level in and throughout. Two accessible parking spaces in the North Block lot. Loo is accessible too.  Not listed wheelchair accessible in biz info but looks to me like it is.   4) THE LOO: Located across the breezeway through the little lobby of the hotel, the two cool designed uni-sex rooms are cleverly labeled "she*he" on one and "he*she" on another.   5) RESERVATIONS:  Breakfast hours are short here, 8a - 10a.  Reservations are accepted.  

                After a meal at Redd that was just barely meeting expectation, I had little expectation for Redd Wood. Perhaps that was preciously why I was not disappointed? I don't know. My judgement could be compromised.  I really do like their pizzas. They were not one of the best I have had. Probably won't even come close to top 10 in bay area. However, the pizzas are on the right track. Chewy thin crust. Flavorful toppings with a good base sauce. These are pizzas I wouldn't mind consuming on a regular basis.  It didn't hurt that I really adore their cannoli. Perfect bite size. Insanely crisp shell. Velvety ice cream.   *Note that my visit was before they changed chef. Read with a grain of salt.  

                We made a reservation to come here on a weekend trip to Napa for lunch. When we got in a little before noon, it wasn't too crowded and we were easily seated and service was quick.  I absolutely LOVED the warm brussels sprouts salad. This place was an excellent choice for lunch. It picked up a little afternoon and was packed with people, but luckily we got our food quickly since we had beaten the rush. The brussels sprouts salad was exactly what I wanted: delicious brussels sprouts with crispy, salted, almost chip-like brussels sprouts leaves on top. Bacon was yummy. The cheese was a little heavy but was all on the bottom. Nothing in the salad was too bitter, which was what I was afraid of. My dad ordered the prosciutto pizza and even though the salad filled me up I thought I'd have one bite...but no...that bite turned in to far too many even though I was stuffed. Really yummy crust. My boyfriend ordered one of the specials (a rib ravioli?) that was pretty good, and my mom ordered some sort of orichiette with sausage and greens dish--her pasta was REALLY yummy.  I would LOVE to come back here again. That salad was just really good, haha. More on the "decadent" side of "salad" but totally worth it!  

                We ate here twice in four days. The space and atmosphere are appealing, the service is great, and the food and drinks are amazing! I had pizza both times, but my husband also had the meatballs and loved them. We both had ultra yummy cocktails. We never felt rushed, even though it was very busy one night and close to closing the other night.  

                Loved the whole experience!   Amazing service, great location in the heart of Yountville and very good food. I was very pleased with the portions and value for money that Redd Wood offered.   Specifically, I recommend the burrata appetizer, beet fennel salad, all pizzas and the gemelli pasta.   I tried their Brussels sprouts which were good but had the similar flavors to the gemelli pasta (which also had the Brussels sprouts in it). I would recommend skipping this appetizer and trying something else to diversify.   Lots of parking next to the restaurant. I'll definitely be back to Redd Wood!  

                We were lucky that they were open on Christmas Eve, probably because they're located in a hotel.  The space actually isn't that big, so I would definitely make a reservation.  The menu is much more casual than at Redd and is focused on pizzas and pastas.  They have a pretty good sized wine list, and there was a whole page of Nebbiolos, which I love.  To start: - Brussels sprouts and cauliflower: nicely roasted and charred, well seasoned, good for sharing - Brussels sprouts salad: thick cut bacon and apples added a lot of flavor, but the croutons didn't add much.  There wasn't as much burrata as I had hoped - Broccolini: roasted with chili flakes, lemon, and garlic; slightly too oily for me  Mains:  - Pork loin: with seared polenta, savoy cabbage and root vegetables, huckleberries. I loved the huckleberries (everyone just does apples in the fall).  Pork loin was pretty lean in the center, thick center cut, but it was slightly dry (they didn't ask how I wanted it cooked) - Cioppino: special of the night. Super flavorful seafood broth with natural seafood sweetness.  It had crab, clams, mussels, calamari, and seriously, I wanted to pick up the bowl and drink all of the soup in the bowl  Pizzas: The crust was good in texture and held up to the toppings nicely but lacked a savory flavor on its own.  Still, the crust was thin and light with nice areas of bubbly puffiness and a good chew. - Brussels sprouts, smoked ham, caramelized onions, ricotta, mozzarella, chili flakes: the ham added a lot of flavor, caramelized onions were sweet, and brussels sprout leaves were nice.  It was better with some extra salt and parmesan  - Mushroom, pancetta, asiago, taleggio, red onion, kale, black mascarpone: the pancetta was pretty much all fat (I know some people prefer that..), and I love mushrooms, but I think the 3 types of cheese were all pretty mild, so overall, it also needed more salt and a stronger cheese  We were too stuffed for dessert.  Pacing was pretty good.  Restrooms are across the way in the hotel (it can be a bit chilly outside, but at least the quick walk across the way is covered).    In the end, with a bottle of wine, it was about $200 for 4 people, so not too bad for Yountville!  It's nice to have a pizza option in this area.  

                Drinks at the bar were just okay. However - all was awesome with Charlie serving us in the restaurant. Burrata salad was awesome - chilled corn soup was absolutely delish--/slightly sweet with an intense corn flavor. Chopped salad was lightly dressed and quite tasty. Meatballs - mmmm! And the sausage pizza and the mushroom pizza was was really good. Go there! Ask for Charlie!  

                Made a reservation through OpenTable a few days in advance.  When we arrived for lunch, we were greeted warmly and seated prompted.  Appetizer: Meatballs, Tomato Sauce, Grilled Bread  Comments: Very tasty appetizer and the meatball was a combination of veal, pork and ground beef.  The waitress was very nice and would ask us if we wanted any extra grilled bread to finish off our sauce  Entree: Brussels Sprouts, House Smoked Ham, Caramelized Onions, Ricotta, Mozzarella, Chili Flake Pizze Comments:  If you love crispy brussel sprouts, this is the pizza for you.  The saltiness of the ham, sweetness of the onions, creaminess of the cheeses and crispiness of the brussels topped with a kick of chili flakes all married together very well.    Overall: We would definitely dine here again.  The service was top-notch and the staff were welcoming, friendly and attentive  

                Late on a Saturday night... and by late I mean 11pm which is late in Yountville, we felt like pizza.    We sat at the bar and ordered.  This place has pizzas and pastas on the menu... though I reckon if I wanted pasta I would have walked the 600 feet and ordered a Raviolo at Bottega.  The pizza was served hot and within 10 minutes after we ordered.  We chatted with the server for a while and went back tot he hotel.  All in all, a great place for a late night bite in Yountville.  Note that Redd Wood is an offspring of Redd, a staple restaurant in Yountville.  I will give Redd another shot some day because I didn't love it.  I loved Redd Wood for what it is.  A quick and easy way to get a very good bite in a very sleepy town late in the night.  

                Two words-meatball sliders. Toasted sesame bun, moist meatball with just the right amount of sauce...and then the pizzas came out. Prosciutto pizza with a cracked egg on top and the mushroom/pancetta/red onion/mascarpone/amazingness pizza. Everything looked delicious on the menu but our lunch hit the spot. One appetizer and two pizzas were more than enough for four people.   Our friends made reservations and I really enjoyed our lunch. We sat outside in the courtyard and loved the Mediterranean atmosphere. Casual and affordable dining.  Will be back for the burrata next time!  

                Had the barrata, chicken, chicken wings and prosciutto pizza.  Extremely terrific. Cannot go wrong. Wonderful atmosphere and the best service. Make sure you tip your server well. They deserve it!!! How cool are their restrooms??  

                The service seem to be pretty good with water and getting food out. It was a quick pick on Yelp because the other place I wanted to go to (R+D) was super packed.   I ended up driving around looking for parking, but to realize it was across the parking from R+D.   I ordered the spare rib and it was good with the risotto. It was heavy for lunch, but I was drunk and wasn't thinking. Doesn't help when all that stuff comes back up.   The pizza (anchovy) was super strong, not really for me, but my bf liked it.  Overall, not a bad experience.  

                In a tiny village packed with giants Redd Wood stands out.     Our 7:30 was seated promptly at exactly  7:30 and not a moment before. The service was excellent, the food prepared perfectly.  The Brussel sprout salad is absolute perfection. It must be tried. Its perfect for two.  For a fun time, take a peek into the Seventh Circle of Hell! (clearly visible inside the pizza oven.) The Maitake Mushroom, Ricotta, Garlic, Oregano, Pancetta, Kale and Red Onion Pizza is one of the best things ever. It starts with the thin crispy crust and only gets better with the fresh toppings. Excellent.  The Fettuccini and Gulf Shrimp was divine. I'll have this again and again.  

                I would definitely recommend this place. A very cool atmosphere and food was very delicious. Since I came with a large group I was able to try lots of things on the menu but I would recommend the butternut squash tortellini special they had along with the tiramisu dessert. Both were very tasty!!!!  

                So good we ate here 3 times in our 5 day stay!!  The half chicken: Delicious Pasta with Calamari: Delicious Pizza: to die for!! Service: Stellar Ambiance: Lively but not too noisy Prices: Reasonable  If you are visiting Napa, you must dine at this place, you will not be disappointed!  

                Service was 5 stars here, really nice staff and a beautiful restaurant. We came in for a late lunch and split a small pizza, burrata salad special, and some fries. The pizza was decent, nothing to write home about. The burrata was excellent, the cheese was perfectly soft and creamy and the tomatoes were perfect ripeness. The fries were pretty mediocre.  

                On our way out from Napa, we decided to stop by in Yountville for dinner. I've always heard nothing but great reviews about this spot, but little did I know I was in for a treat.  We arrived a bit early and with a dog. They allowed for us to sit with our dog outside. They even have water bowls for your dog.  I did not catch our servers name, but he was very observant. Since we were seated outside and it was a chilly evening (and I wore a dress), he brought out a nice blanket to wrap around my bare legs. Brownie points on the service!  Now the best part...FOOD! You MUST order the burrata. Very creamy and delicious. The pizzas are amazing. We had the Tomato and Basil and Sausage and Goat Cheese. We were in HEAVEN.   Dessert was also outstanding. We ordered the Butterscotch Pot de Creme and their homemade ice creams: Toasted Coconut & Brownie Caramel Swirl. Let me tell you, if you get any dessert from this place, get the ice cream. The toasted coconut was my personal fave.   We came, we ate, and left happy and full. This will definitely be a spot to come back to.  

                Absolutely wonderful meal and at a price that won't break the bank.  I loved everything about this restaurant. The service, the atmosphere, the food, and the cocktails were amazing.  I highly recommend this place, but get a reservation as they are popular and get busy.  

                Came here for lunch before a tasting. Unfortunately we were on a tight schedule and rushed through our lunch. It still was great. Started with the meatballs. They are light and delicious. Served four in a bowl with lots of red sauce and toasted bread. A great sharing dish (or a great meal!). Also shared the chopped salad. Very good. Could have been my meal as well..but had to try the pizza. We shared two: the tomato, mozzerella and basil; and the last one on the list. Lots of goodies with mushrooms, the most flavorful topping. We had it with an egg on top (an extra) as well. Great pizza here. The crust is awesome. That's key to a great pie. We also tried pizza at Pizzeria Tra Vigne. That was very good. This place rates better. Nice dining room. Good service. Solid restaurant.  

                Drove by this place many times while in Yountville to dine at bouchon, bottega, etc and always wanted to try it and finally did today for lunch.  Glad I did!  The place is awesome.  Service is great and food was great too. Started with the beet salad-very tasty.  For main course, had the brussel sprout pizza, yes brussel sprouts.  Wasn't sure how this was going to be but it was amazing!  Other toppings included ham, ricotta and mozzarella.  If you don't like pizza, they also serve other food like pasta and burgers (saw someone order a burger and it looked really good).  This place gets busy so best to make a reservation-they are on open table.  I would definitely recommend.  

                Yummiest pizza I've possibly ever had! I had the four cheese with garlic and arugula-very simple in theory but a beautifully executed combination. The Gorgonzola was creamy/buttery and def made the flavor! It's a wee on the expensive side but it was a welcome splurge. The wait staff were very professional.  

                Came here for lunch in between wine tasting over the weekend and it was delicious! We ordered the wings, a good starter, and I had the squash pizza (really good - fresh tomatoes, squash and bacon), one of my friends had the burger and fries which were great and my other friend got the pasta with cranberries, shrimp and beans (homemade and good). We finished the meal with some coffee and the hazelnut crisp ice cream.   Overall, solid food, which I loved, a nice atmosphere, good service and great company. Would definitely add this to my list of favorites in Napa.  

                It was an excellent choice to bring my friends to this place for a light yet very season-inspired lunch.  The first thing I really enjoyed about this place is their daily specials; and like a daily special should rightfully be, the dishes it features take advantage of the local dairies and produces such as: The Heirloom Tomato Burrata Caprese, thick-sliced, sweet, and juicy tomato topped with delicate and creamy burrata cheese, think of it as a healthier version of butter that taste just as good. A dish that beats the summer heat. The Clam Spaghetti with oven-roasted Cherry Tomatoes, it's got a generous amount of clams that enchanted the pasta with sweet and savory saltiness, balanced by the lightly acidic sauce that captured the concentrated cherry tomato juice caramelized by the oven; with match-stick zucchinis, this is one of the best pasta I've had recently, perfectly al dente, my friend Italy said so. The wood-fired pizza had a paper-thin crust with very unique toppings, even their oven baked bread tasted delicious by itself. We didn't order any drinks in order to prepare ourselves for a long day of winetastings, but it was a great way to start our adventure in Napa Valley for a reasonable price of almost $20 per person.  Cheers.  

                Horrible,  2nd time there will never go back.  Asked for no onions on burger, came with onions.  Sent back they took cheese and onions off burger.  My wife is allergic to onions.  Not. acceptable.  Asked for separate checks the times came on one check. Never to return.  

