                Most mornings before work I would stop by and order their pesto bagel with bacon, egg, & cheese. But I recently ordered the jalapeño bagel with bacon, egg, & cheese and it's SUPER tasty!   ~I highly recommend it!~  

                We have been going here for years. The bagels are good and the bagel sandwiches are excellent.   Not a big fan of the coffee but there is a Starbucks next door so that's easy to remedy.  Very glad they are close enough to frequent.  

                How have I not tried Regal Bagel until now?! I think everyone has already said everything. If Regal Bagel is open, don't bother going to Togos.   I love getting the Nova Lox bagel sandwich with avocado & a pesto cheese bagel. So good for only $7.25! My second favorite is the veggie with avocado on a pesto cheese bagel.   If you haven't tried this place, DO IT! :)  

                I'm a big croissant breakfast sandwich man.. And this place tops them all. They are also very quick and respectful. Worth every star  

                Mmm mmm best bagel sandwiches in San Jose that I have tried by far! :)   This South San Jose joint has gourmet bagels and bagel sandwiches that will definitely impress you. Today I had the Pepper Lox on PESTO CHEESE Bagel and it was so tasty! The bagel itself was amazing and I could probably eat a whole dozen. But the sandwich consistency was great and delicious to the last bite. It is a bit pricy but of quality for sure!   The bagels are the perfect consistency and the freshness is taste-able. :) Skip Togo's and Starbucks next door and try out this spot!  

                We recently moved to the area and came accross this place and we were hooked! The bagels are made there and it's the best when you get the out the oven! The sandwiches are tastey. My husband usually gets the jack cheese bagel sandwich with bacon and sasauge.  

                So grateful this place was open on Thanksgiving.   We were looking for a place to grab a quick breakfast before heading to Grandpa's to prep for Thanksgiving Dinner. Found Regal Bagel on Yelp, saw the amazing reviews and crossed our fingers that they wouldn't be closed. Yay!   Bagels here are seriously cheap eats! The insides had a lovely chewy, tooth some texture. I was a little thrown by the lack of bite from the crust, but they were pretty good.   Bottom line, I'd definitely go back if I was in the area but probably wouldn't go out of my way to visit, unless it's a holiday. ;)  

                Best bagels and bagel sandwiches in the south Bay. I love their ham and cheese croissant.  The Thai iced tea is super good. My bagel preference is the turkey & avocado bagel with just one slice of turkey. But they have a lot of other choices.  

                Hands down the best bagels! I normally get the pesto with egg bacon and cheese or the ham and swiss and you can't go wrong with either. Been coming here for years even though we moved across town.  

                Regal Bagel, I hate you for making me love bagels again. And why are you located next to Gold's Gym? After sweating for an hour, I reward myself with one of your cheesy goodness bagels and the vicious cycle starts again.  This bagel shop has by far the best bagel sandwiches I have ever eaten. They have a large selection of bagels, spreads, and sandwiches. Unfortunately, this place is so popular that sometimes they run out of the bagels by afternoon, so if you have your hopes on a certain flavor, go in the morning.  My favorite bagel/spread combo is the Jalapeno with Greek Goddess Creme cheese and my favorite sandwich is the sausage sandwich on a pesto bagel. The prices are pretty fair (Approx $4.00 - $6.00 for a sandwich) and are pretty filling.   The staff is nice and gets the bagels out to you pretty quickly despite there always being a line. Definitely check this place out if you are in the Bernal shopping center.  

                These bagels have the perfect consistency every time. The sandwich bagels are great. I usually ask for less cream cheese because they slather it on.  

                The Bagels are fresh and tasty. They also have various bagel sandwiches plus coffee drinks and tea.  Prices are fair, service is friendly&fast. Convenient parking next to Staples. Limited tables inside, but plenty vacant on a Saturday morning around 10. Would be nice if they added some outdoor seating with umbrellas.  

                Love their bagels especially the jalapeño ones with cream cheese! Super yummy and so filling! If you have their bagels for breakfast, rest assured you won't feel hungry till mid afternoon! A must visit!  

                Pesto bagel with jalapeño cream cheese soo yum! With thai iced tea! That's my go to order! Their bagels are fresh everyday and their service is very consistent! They're quick and convenient for morning people on the go! They're very friendly and they keep their space pretty tidy.  

                Sorry it's taken me so long to update my review. Since I submitted my first review of Regal Bagel seven months ago we have stopped in a number of times. I am pleased to report that, in addition to their yummy bagels, they do sell a variety of pastries, all delicious. Just make sure to get to the Regal Bagel early, as these tasty pastries sell out fast!!  

                On a recent visit I had the Nova Lox and the Breakfast Bagel to go. The breakfast bagel was good and had a lot of flavor. I saved the Nova Lox for lunch and it wasn't as good. Maybe it was meant to be eaten immediately but I found it didn't have as much flavor. The service was quick and friendly even though there was a line of patrons ordering. I would return if I happen to be in the area.  

                I'm not usually a frequenter of bagel shops, but this place had a pretty good bacon avocado turkey sandwich.  I had it on top of a toasted jack cheese bagel which complemented the bagel sandwich well.  I would definitely swing by hear again sometime during my lunch hour.  

                Turkey avocado bagel is worth stopping by for if you are in the area.  

                The Staff did NOT get hair nets since my last post, which I just don't understand ...That being said,  I called to let the owners know what I found in their bagel sandwich, and they appologized and were very nice about it. they offered me another sandwich (since i obviously did not eat the other one) and assured me this one would be clean. Aside from that isolated incident, I have gone back because their sandwiches are great. I just wish the owners would take that TINY step of having their staff wear hair nets in order to insure things like this just never happen.  

                I love Regal Bagel!! I found this place a little over a month ago and have been coming back every weekend since!! The place is busy but no worries, their service is quick and friendly!! I absolutely adore their Nova Lox on pesto and can't wait until next weekend to get my fix  

                The cream cheese is a hit! Nothing will make your mornings better, customer service was fast and great!   Around $5-$8 for a bagel though  

                My favorite bagel spot in San Jose. Fast and friendly customer service and the quality is always awesome! A better quality, cheaper option than going to the Starbucks next door?  

                Skip the Starbucks pricey bagels and go next door for a fresh toasted bagel (then go back to Starbucks for coffee)! The exterior may not be appealing, but this bagel shop mustn't be judged by it's looks.   I had a pesto cheese bagel with cream cheese and it is the best bagel I have had yet. They don't skimp on the cream cheese and the bagel itself came toasted to a nice brown with the perfect crunchiness.   It took about a minute after I ordered for them to hand me the bagel which was surprisingly fast. For only $2.50 it was well worth every penny.  

                I was a devout House of Bagels fan until I started dating my Boyfriend who took me to  Regal- OMG!   The marinara bagel is to die for! OMG! I get hungry just thinking about it!   Every time we come here the staff is friendly, the shelves and fridge are well stocked and they work efficiently.  I don't expect very much when my bill is less than $10 but the staff is friendly no matter what.  

                Fast friendly service & delicious bagels! I got the peppered lox on a pesto cheese bagel & it was very good. My boyfriend got the egg, bacon, & cheese on a marinara cheese bagel & scarfed it down. Definitely recommended.  

                As I was headed out of town this morning I found this place. I got a bacon egg cheese breakfast sandwich on a pesto bagel. The bagel was sooo delicious! Crispy cheese on top of basil pesto. And the bagel itself- infused with flavor and so fresh! The bacon was perfectly crispy and the cheese was the good stuff. None of those plasticky Kraft slices. The whole sandwich was great! Definitely going to make this stop a routine for when I travel south.  

                Amazing place! Fresh baked begals and super quick service even even during busy times! Good customer service. Great prices. The begals are not the only good things there. Their croissants are amazing as well!   I would recommend the pesto begal!  

                Stumbled upon this place on the way out of town. Ordered the BLT with cream cheese instead of mayo, bagel dog and turkey and avo bagel. All 3 were amazing-tons of crispy bacon and the bagel dog was a dream! Quick service too!  

                My sister, bf and bro-in-law and I love this plc. Lines can be out the door on the weekends in the morning. The espresso is good to. Service is good and food is prepared quickly.  

                I wish I lived closer to this place. I've been to a lot of bagel places around here and, from the perspective of a New Yorker, I think Regal Bagel and Izzy Bagel in Palo Alto are the only two really good bagel joints in the area. If you like New York style bagels, skip the Noah's and other chains and just head to one of these places.  I also get sandwiches here for lunch on a semi regular basis. While bagel sandwiches can sometimes be a little problematic, I find these to be among the best. I usually get the turkey/avocado and everything is very fresh and well put together. I generally prefer their sandwiches to the nearby Togos.  Bagels can be a personal thing but I have a hard time thinking that someone used to CA bagels wouldn't be impressed with the Regal Bagel. Whether or not they are fit for a monarch may be a debatable point though.  

                I live in the SSJ area and this place is hands down the best bagel cafe. People rave about House of Bagels and Main Street Bagels but this place is better. Other than Noah's Bagels, these are the best. Great coffee/espresso type drinks too!  

                I have been going to Regal Bagel since I started working close by there. They have the best bagels, and so much variety. The bagels are made fresh every morning, and they are only open till 3.   I always get an all-in-one or the Marinara with the jalapeno spread, so yummy! And while you're there you can get a coffee from starbucks next door!  

                Warm bagels and fast service...great when you're in a rush to go to work or school!!!  I love their bagel sandwiches! :) So delicious and everything here tastes fresh!  I got their coffee once, but I wouldn't get it again. It's all about their bagels!!!  

                This may be may favorite eatery in the Santa Teresa neighborhood. Almost any evening debauchery with my friends ends in a trip to Regal Bagel the next morning.  No joke, I can't tell you how many mass text messages we have shared with the invite: "Bagel-O'clock?"  The lox sandwich on pumpernickel is probably my standard go to. The veggies are always fresh, the salmon perfect and the bagels are awesome. The staff is always smiling to greet you and I always happily throw a buck or two in the tip jar.  They make their own spreads which are delicious! My favorites are the garden vegetable and the greek goddess. Hint: You can request to have their special spreads on any of the sandwiches or bagels.  

                I've been coming here for years and am never disappointed. The bagels are amazing. Coffee is great too. Service outstanding.  

                I absolutely love this place. Its close to my house and for the longest time I've walked by it and never walked in until a friend showed me this place. I dont understand how I never discovered this gem. The bagel sandwiches are delicious. I always get the turkey blt on a pesto bagel.   Also, service is excellent and the place is kept super clean.   tip: great place if you are looking for a quick full-filling and cheap place to eat.  

                My friend came to visit me for lunch one day and brought me a bagel sandwich. I'm not a usual fan of bagel because I don't eat nor enjoy cream cheese. However, he brought me a jack cheese bagel with turkey and avocado. My mind was blown! So much in fact, that I went out to get the same exact thing the next day. I just couldn't get enough, this sandwich was an explosion of delicious in my mouth. I hope nobody catches me drooling as I'm writing this review.... that would be embarrassing but I cant help myself.  The sandwich comes with a slice of pickle btw (can you say awesome?!)! The bagel sandwich was just filled with so much flavor, the bread wasn't hard - it was soft and flavorful, the melted jack cheese on top provided just the right ounce of sharpness and crisp. They don't skimp out on the avocado and you taste it in every bite. I've tried the turkey and avocado with 3 different kind of bagels - jack cheese, pesto cheese, and marinara cheese. My favorite was the pesto cheese! My friend had the salmon lox on the garlic bagel and she absolutely loved it. I definitely recommend this place - if it was closer to my work I would probably be here every morning. They also make breakfast bagel sandwiches - or you can just order regular bagels. I've never been a fan of the donut shaped breads but ever since I've had Regals it's honestly all I think about ... I'm pretty sure I'm addicted, but its just THAT GOOD.  

                MR: We came from NYC.  Have been looking for a bagel place that at least comes close to what we use to get back in new york (oh europan how we miss you!)  We must have tried atleast 15 breakfast places and so far nothing has come as close to a New york bagel as this place.  Crispy on the outside, soft and fluffy on the inside.  Not TOO DENSE... i hate that.  Also tried their breakfast sandwich but put it on a croissant as since i didnt expect them to do it right on the bagel.  I will now come back and get my breakfast sandwich on their bagel.  It is great!  

                Always the nice husband I wife (I guess) there in the morning. I only go there for the doughnuts and they are always fresh. Even put the custard in right in front of you. I have no comment on the other items as I've never had them. The owner of the building (shopping center) needs a facelift. All in all, fast and good.yummy  

                Fresh, full of flavor and a wide variety is what you will find here. The coffee is great too, better than the coffee joint next door. Great, fast, friendly service. Decent pricing.  

