                Went on a date here since the reviews were good and we both haven't tried it. The place is quite small, but it definitely has a cozy feel to it. The menu is written on a board for everyone to see. We both shared the Pork Fries, Jalapeno Pork Mac n Cheese, & Chicken Parm sandwich which were delicious!   They mix jalapenos (without the seeds) into the Mac n Cheese to allow the flavor instead of the heat to come through which was perfect since my date didn't want it to be too spicy. The pulled pork on top was very juicy and really made it outstanding!  The Pork Fries were my favorite! It's a bed of crispy waffle fries covered in nacho cheese, drizzled with buffalo sauce, topped with pulled pork and green onions! Wow such bold flavors and textures. This is for sure a must! The tangy/spicy buffalo sauce went perfectly with the cheese and the pork. Plus there was enough toppings to go with each fry. Yasss!  The Chicken Parm Sandwich was soo yummy! A perfectly golden brown chicken topped with tomato sauce, mozzarella, & fresh basil all on a nicely toasted bun. The portions were so big we just couldn't eat it all even though we wanted to! The only downside to this is the parking and it can get quite hot inside, but it's SF. Overall, the food is BOMB, the service is spectacular, and the price is worth it considering the size of their portions plus it's SF. I will definitely be coming back here!  

                Rickybobby still gets a solid 4 stars in my book! Probably even 4.5!  I came with a friend around 7pm on a Friday night, and there were a few groups waiting to get seated. Keep in mind: they seat groups on a first-come, first-serve basis, and your whole group needs to be there. Lucky for us, neither group had everyone there, and since there were only two of us, we got seated immediately upon arrival. The setup is multiple large tables with benches, so smaller groups will likely be sitting next to some strangers.  This time I got the pork fries, which were delicious. The BBQ pork on top was tender, and the fries themselves were, well, waffle fries (I.e., amazing). The chocolate chip cookie sundae was also a delight, but even though we shared the dessert, we had a hard time finishing the whole thing because we were full from our entrées!  Definitely a cool place to go, and smaller groups will have a better chance of being seated with no reservations/wait.  

                Mmm, this is a tasty burger!  Actually I will admit this is the best burger I've had in the city. Granted I'm limited to Super Duper (also great), Magnolia's Pub Burger, and probably a few other places while drunk, but this definitely takes the award.  It was a hot day - most of the bars had their doors open and it was still balmy, Dolores Park was as packed as an outdoor festival without the festival, and the Creamery even had a line for the prepackaged goods. But after golf, walking, and beer, my buddy and I wanted a burger, and we weren't going to settle for anything less than the best in the City. But with time to kill, we grabbed a pint and Nickies.  We walked in and initially confused at the seating arrangement until the staff grabbed us and sat us - expect to share tables unless you are in a group of 4+. The menu is featured above the small kitchen, but every item sounds delicious: Beef & Bacon Burger, CrawShrimp & Grits, short rib rice bowl.  Pork Fries: We started with these patriotic palette pleasers, swimming in buffalo and cheese sauce. Really good.  Beef & Bacon Burger: Two patties of mixed together beef and bacon. White american cheese melted to cover the patties. Tasty house mayo and ketchup. The bun topped with butter and toasted just perfectly so the edges are crispy the way a bun should be. Wow. Now part of me is regretting I wasn't as inebriated (pick your poison) because this is the ultimate hangover burger. But even only buzzed this was a great burger. And huge! I am never a one to cut a burger in half, but I had to with this. It was good, and even the next day was fine.  I would love to come back and try a few other items, probably splitting the burger, but if you come you definitely have to try this on the first go round. Staff and service was helpful and friendly. It was early though, so I can see this place getting mobbed at certain hours.  

                I was craving a burger. After searching Yelp and reading a bunch of reviews, the roommate and I decided on Rickybobby. Plus, I've had it bookmarked for some time. We got there a little before 6pm and ordered take out.  *Anchor steam ($6) I had this while waiting for our take out order.  *Pork fries ($13): waffle fries, nacho cheese, buffalo sauce, pulled pork I thought the pulled pork was too sweet. I counteracted it with a bunch of hot sauce. I loved the nacho cheese though. So rich and creamy!  *Beef & bacon burger ($13): angus beef & zoe's bacon (ground together), shaved onion, ketchup, house mayo, american cheese I roommate thought it was okay, but I enjoyed it. The bacon added a nice richness to the patty.  *Broccoli au gratin ($9): roasted potatoes, cauliflower, smoked gouda, parmesan I love vegetables and I love potatoes au gratin. Mix it together and I'm a happy girl!  *Crab melt & tomato soup ($15): picked Maryland blue crab, grilled Texas toast & cheese, dip Lots of crab! I think the roommate liked this more than the burger. Melty, cheesy and great with the tomato soup!  After seeing all the lobster mac & cheese pix, I really wanted that dish. Sadly, they didn't have it last week. Hopefully, I'll get to try it one day!  

                Absolutely fantastic place. Cute little gastropub vibe, delicious food, and friendly service. This is the type of place people would think of if you said "I want to take you to a cute little gastropub in San Francisco"...  

                Always an awesome meal! I've had so many things on their menu and a couple of their menu items that change from time to time! The food is consistently awesome and the service is very friendly.  There are a few things I can recommend: Pork fries. Every time! The buffalo sauce with green onions and loads of pork on seasoned criss-cut fries are a MUST! The crawshrimp and grits. You get a whole lot of crawfish and shrimp in this tasty dish. The bacon/beef burger. One of the few places in the Bay that do a half bacon/half beef burger patty and they do it very well!  A lot of people go for the sweet potato tots, but I think you can pass on them. Just go for whatever Mac and cheese they have on the menu. They swapped out the lobster mac and cheese for the jalapeno mac and cheese. Both are sooooo good!! I suggest coming early to get a table or you'll be waiting. They don't take reservations!   They do project a movie inside, but you can't hear it. They were showing Back to the Future II last time I went. Awesome!  

                Pork fries. Bacon burger. Chicken drums. Tots.   Cheyah!!  This is actually the neighborhood where I grew up, so it will always be dear to me. So hearing about this place opening up on Haight, I had been excited to try it for some time even though I had never actually been to Broken Record.   Overall Rickybobby didn't do much to disappoint. The only negative really was that the service left a little to be desired (long wait, forgetful staff, frazzled waiter), but I'll give them a pass because it was a busy night and they were working in some new people. Once we sat down it was ALL GOOD.   I mean I crushed the bacon burger in a matter of minutes, it was stupid good. Tender, flavorful, juicy, and got better with every bite. Best thing I've eaten in weeks.  I'd recommend the tots too - they were almost as good! And you don't even wanna know how fast the pork fries were gone. Anything that's covered in shredded pork, cheese & buffalo sauce is good with me anyday. So dank.   Overall this is a cool spot. Lots of savory food in a casual setting, and you can't beat that it only adds to the growing list of delicious restaurants in the Lower Haight. I hope this place is here to stay.  

                Came right when they opened on a Friday night and was seated immediately. By the time we left, the place was full but it doesn't seem like there was much of a wait.   Ordered the sweet potato tots, jalapeño mac n cheese, and crab melt. The sweet potato tots were crispy and sweet; they were perfect. Mac n cheese was ooey gooey cheesy but it got a little too heavy, so I took it to go. My bf's crab melt was amazing though. The Texas toast, cheese, and generous chunks of crab meat was heaven in my mouth.   We ordered the Oreo bread pudding for dessert and the first few bites were amazing but it quickly got too sweet. I would pass if you don't have a major sweet tooth.   All in all, everything was good and guys that work there were nice and friendly.  

                My husband and I came on Friday pretty close to opening, and I'm glad we did because it got pretty crowded pretty quick. The seating was "family style", you did have to check in before you sat down, but once you were seated, it did not mean you would get the table to yourself. The menu is written on a chalkboard, and we were sitting on the opposite side of the restaurant, it's a little hard to see (I know they wrote in big handwriting), but it would nice if they had a few printed menus on the tables (I'm talking basic computer paper....no frills). We ordered the pork fries....wow, I love the use of waffle fries, and the sauce...no words, just amazing.   I ordered the crab melt with tomato soup.....AMAZING!! I loved how even though my sandwich was cut diagonally (like a grilled cheese should be) that the exposed edges of the sandwich were grilled, the extra touch makes all the difference! I was full after eating half my sandwich, but this was one of those sandwiches where you wanted to keep eating, because it was just that good. Fortunately, I found room for it later that night when I got home.  My husband got the bacon hamburger, and although the meat was savory, this was our letdown of the night. It needed some more crunch, just something extra, because the hamburger seemed lacking is flavor, by only having the meat and cheese. Maybe some grilled onions....ruffles chips for crunch...pickles already on....or the basic lettuce and heirloom tomato.  We did not get dessert because we already had plans to go to Schulzies, but I wish we had had dessert here, because I really wanted to try the oreo bread pudding! The pecan pie dessert looked pretty good too from the pictures. Yum!  

                Double date night on 3/20. First off. The sign is awesome. At 7:30 on a Friday evening our wait was maybe 5 minutes. The place is surprisingly clean and bright and has a great communal comfortable feel to it. The menu is up on a chalkboard and pretty much everything looks good. The pours of wine are more than generous. We settled on the pork fries, garlic Parmesan fries, chicken drums, crab melt and tomato soup, jalapeño mac and cheese with added pulled pork, bacon and beef burger and biscuits. Everything was on point! My only complaint was that we simply couldn't find room for Oreo bread pudding and vanilla bean ice cream. It was quite upsetting but does give us incentive to return in the near future - not that it was really needed. The cost was very reasonable for all the food we ordered - and it was yummy!  

                In preparation for the long line, i got there early ready to stake my spot to get in for the first round of seating. It was a bit rainy that day and must have discouraged potential diners because I was the first in line! They were great and let me in a little earlier to order a drink and stay out of the cold wind. I gladly ordered a glass of wine while waiting for my friend (who i'm so glad suggested this place).  Beef and Bacon Burger. They offer a bacon bacon burger (the difference being pork belly and a beef/bacon patty versus 2 beef/bacon patties). Went with the crowd favorite and had the original. It's flavorful without being too salty. It's just a good burger with nothing fancy.  Prime Rib with FRENCH ONION DIP. It just sounds better than regular au jus and i fully believe it is. We didn't leave a drop. This was my favorite and i'm determined to try and replicate this at home.  Jalapeno Mac n Cheese with Pulled Pork (+ $3). I couldn't take my phone out of my pocket fast enough. On top of an already large serving of mac n cheese was sauced pulled pork. The jalapeno heat was faint and this was pretty rich on top of the burger and prime rib.  Chocolate Croissant Bread Pudding with Strawberries. This is probably the only one i wasn't too impressed with. It truly tasted just like a warm chocolate croissant with extra chocolate. Sounds great but dried out quickly.  I so regret not getting the short rib stroganoff that i will be back asap :)  

                This place has been on my "To Go" place for a while. After a walk up Haight from Octavia, I finally made it there :)  Rickybobby is a small-ish place, but it has a warm social atmosphere and oooh boy does it get busy! The tables are large and my friend and I had to share with some other people, but I didn't mind. I don't really blame them for trying to maximize space when they're that busy. The staff was friendly and relatively quick to serve.  My friend and I shared the chicken parm sandwich which as superb! It was larger than I expected and very filling, even though I only ate half of it. He and I also shared the short rib rice bowl, which is sort of bibimbap/stone bowl, but without the crispy rice from the stone bowl. It was good enough and, again, a large enough portion that I ended up bringing most of it home, but I probably won't be ordering that again anytime soon.  Great place for drinks/food and hanging out. I will definitely be back for more!  

                Exceptional mushroom burger.  Bold flavors, protein style, and perfectly seasoned.  Sweet Tator tots are a must order!  Cinnamon toast crunch pie dessert was yummy!  Serviced by Dylan was attentive, quick and fun.  Atmosphere: fun, lively, shared tables  Con: too hot inside restaurant felt like a hot yoga studio.  

                One of the best Southern restaurants in SF!   Absolutely every dish was blasphemously delicious. The restaurant itself is casual, local and exudes a neighborhood vibe. The service is friendly and to the point. And the prices are totally under-market given the quality and quantity.   Now here are the items I recommend ordering:  1. The beef and bacon burger - such a solid burger cooked to perfection 2. Jalepeno mac & cheese - one of the best mac & cheeses I've ever had! Perfect breaded crust with such a creamy texture and overwhelming flavor  3. Pork waffle fries - one of kind with pulled pork and buffalo sauce 4. Crawshrimp grits - not the best shrimp & grits I've had (the best was in Front Porch) but still solid. A little too heavy on the seafood flavor for my liking 5. Chocolate croissant bread pudding - need I say more?!  The wine bottles are very reasonably priced ($8/glass and ~$30 per bottle) and delicious for that price range.   So on your next trek to Lower Haight, squeeze in some time to get your Southern fix at Rickybobby!  Happy Eating, Yelpers!  

                This place is amazing! Came here on a Saturday night and the wait was not too bad (20-30min). The seating arrangement inside is communal, my gf and I shared a table with another group of 4, however, it is comfortable and there is enough room to enjoy your time. We started by getting the sweet potato tots and pork waffle fries, both were delicious. The tots were not too salty and cooked to perfection, the waffle fries were thick and crispy and the pork mixed with the nacho cheese sauce was out of this work. But the best part of my meal was the bacon beef burger. It's a double meat patty that is ground up with bacon cooked medium rare. Literally one of the best burgers I have had in my life, savory, juicy and overall just packed full of great flavor. I highly recommend this place, I will be back soon to try out more food from their menu!  

                Pros - Most of the food is pretty darn good  - The desserts are decent - Take credit cards  Cons - No take out orders on the weekends  

                Came here on a busy Saturday night w/ hungry stomachs, & boy, everything that my bf & I ordered; we were absolutely amazed!  Shared the Sweet Potato Tots & Pork Fries which were both delicious. I love Sweet Potato, so these were very good & cooked well. Pork Fries w/ the thick-cut waffle fries, tender pork, cheese & buffalo sauce, and green onions was out of this world. Def recommend trying!  Buttt the winner of the night was the Beef&Bacon Burger. When I took my first bite, I literally rolled my eyes by how amazing it was. Big portion packed w/ flavors & cooked medium rare which made me love it even more. Only downside is that I barely tasted the bacon, but it was still delicious.  Overall, I thought the food was great here! Would def come back to try out their other stuff  

                Where to start! The burger is ten stars out of five. Seriously. It is unbelievable. I get anxious claiming something is the best I've ever had, but I am willing to say that this burger is the best I've ever had. Really. Go now and try it.  BUT.  The service is horrendous. Now, I'm being as fair as I can. I was going to give 1 star for service (only because you have to give one), and five stars for the burger, which averages to three. However, they did slightly make up for it, gaining them one extra star. I just cannot give them five stars, EVEN IF I SINCERLY WANT TO for that damn burger.  We went in around 830pm on a Friday night as a party of three. It wasn't that busy, and we got a table after only about five minutes. We were given waters, and our server came around a while later. We already knew what we wanted to order, so we got right to it. We came for those damn burgers and that was what we were going to have. I ordered sides for the table, a side of regular fries and a basket of sweet patatertots. My server told me I should get a basket of regular fries too, but I insisted only one of us was eating them, so a side would do just fine.  We ordered a bottle of Coke (YES!!!), and our friend said he'd just have another water.   Our sides came out first, probably about fifteen minutes later. We were still waiting on that water, so we asked again for another refill. Our sweet patatertots were amazing!!! I LOVED them. Little pieces of heaven right there. The side, homemade ranch, was very good. Extremely "dilly," which I enjoyed. The regular fries were good too, but indeed, we did receive a basket of those as well. Because it was my first time, I wasn't sure if maybe they were just both served in baskets, so I didn't say anything.  My burger was brought out a few minutes later. I thought I'd wait until the boys got theirs too, so I sat on it a bit. But it was calling my name, and I couldn't wait forever.  I dug right in, and it was amazing. After eating over half my burger, we were starting to wonder where the other two were. But we waited. I was almost completely done with my burger when theirs were delivered. We asked AGAIN for a refill of water (still has not been refilled). My husband's burger was missing the extra avocado, so we asked for that too.  Nothing. No avocado, no water. I got up finally, walked up to my waiter in the back, and said, as friendly as I could be at that point, "Hey can we get that water refill? I've asked four times now." He said sure, and walked away.  He still didn't bring the water. It ended up coming about ten minutes later from another server.  We reminded him about the missing avocado. We didn't expect it at that point, but wanted them to know so we weren't charged for it.  Our bill came, and we were indeed charged for the missing avocado AND a basket of fries. As I didn't want to complain too much, I asked them to take the avocado off the bill. This is where they gained a star back, they came back with the bill and had taken off a complete burger, making us rather surprised.   I don't want to give them a bad impression, like bad service is okay. BUT, honestly, this burger is AMAZING and I WILL BE BACK. I might even drive into the city just for this damn burger. I will just cross my fingers that the service is better next time. Because really, this is all they're missing.  

                Best burger I've ever had in San Francisco.  Most bacon and beef burgers don't come out tender and lacking flavor but this burger met all expectations and more. This was so flavorful and juicy, I just couldn't get enough.   I also had the pork fries and some of the chicken pot pie. The pork fries were out of this world. They were tasty, perfectly seasoned and the pork was incredibly tender. The buffalo sauce was the perfect amount of kick also. The pot pie was good and fluffy but wasn't what the burger was. If it's your first time here you gotta try the burger.   We also shared the biscuits to start and loved them. They were so fresh and fluffy. The honey that comes with them is amazing also. Perfect pairing.   The only downside to this place is that the service could take a while. It took about 15 minutes for us to put in our order once we were ready and another 15 minutes to get a check once they cleared our plates. Even though, not every place has great service, and this burger was out of this world.  

                My friend and I were wandering around the city. We wanted a burger real bad, but we wanted to try something new. I found this place through thrillist.com's article and I'm glad I randomly picked this place! It's genuinely a great place.  We came around opening which was good, since it started getting packed. Tables are communal, but I love the setting! Also, an Indiana Jones movie was playing on a projector. Yes. We ordered the Jalapeño Mac-n-Cheese, the bacon burger, and the sweet potatertots to share. Wow, everything was just tasty. We also ordered the Oreo bread pudding with vanilla ice cream. Oooh, that was good too! Overall the food did come out piping hot and the service was reasonable, staff there seemed super chill, and the bill came out to be a pretty good price for everything we had. I definitely will return again.  

                I was really excited to try this place after hearing how this place was opened by the chefs from Broken Record. The place is pretty small and I waited about 45 minutes for a party of 6. Overall it was well worth the wait.  The Beef & Bacon Burger - The best burger I had to this date in SF. I've had Slater's 50/50 burgers and this was just as good or even better. The burger was basic and not with a whole lot of extra toppings to wash out the core part of the burger, the meat! The bun was soft and held up with the juicy burger. There was just perfect amount of cheese to balance the burger.  Pork Fries - Waffle fries topped with pork, cheese, and sauce. This was really delicious. They really don't skimp on the portion of these. Also comes with the American flag.  The Lobster Mac and Cheese - This felt more like a pasta dish. They used penne pasta and the cheese sauce was a little too thin for my liking. There was plenty of lobster!  Sweet potato tots - This was enough to feed a family, maybe two. I like my tots and these really hit the spot.  French Fries with Truffle oil & Parm - Potato overload. I had this along with the other sides. Fries were crispy and it was loaded with parm!  

                Great service but it can get crowded so be open to possibly be having some extra seat mates.   Interesting menu that varies every now and then so prepare to play it by ear or listen to the opinions of servers.   I shared the beef & bacon burger, garlic fries, & pulled pork fries which were a bit pricey but definitely tasty!  

                I've been wanting to come here for a very, very, very long time. When I finally had a chance to dine here, I was more than giddy to have a taste of what they had to offer.  My friend and I ordered the beef and bacon burger ($13), pork fries ($12), and the jalapeño mac n cheese ($10) with shredded pork (extra $3). I thought they were going to serve us the pork fries first because I thought that was the simplest to make but they surprised us and brought everything at once. Whoa, talk about quick service!  The pork fries were just what I imagined them to be. Thick cut waffle fries topped with cheese sauce and buffalo sauce, shredded pork, and green onions. The buffalo sauce reminded me of Tapatio sauce... I'd prefer Sriracha sauce but the buffalo sauce wasn't unbearable. Definitely on the tangy side. The shredded pork was amazing. Super sweet, savory, and melts in your mouth goodness.  The jalapeño mac n cheese was UBER cheesy. Very rich. I find their roux base to be thicker than other mac n cheeses that I've had. It kind of stuck to the root of my mouth for a bit but quickly dissolved after a few more seconds of chewing the mac n cheese. I enjoyed it but for some reason, I can't say it's my favorite.  Last but my least, the beef and bacon burger. The burger came with two beef patties! When I took my first bite, I was thinking, awww yeah that's what I'm talking about, I like to play with my burgers by squeezing the buns together and seeing the juice ooze out of the patties. (Am I weird?) This burger was juicy alright. The only complaint I have is that I could barely taste the bacon. Maybe my taste buds were impaired from all the buffalo sauce in the pork fries...  Anywho, this place and food is great. The workers are super sweet and accommodating, too. One thing to keep in mind: this place has somewhat of a communal seating arrangement going on. If you don't like sitting next to strangers while eating... suck it up or don't come here for their awesome food.  

                This week, while on staycation, I have been eating my way around the city (walking past the gym on the way to all of these restaurants I have bookmarked on yelp!)... Thursday night's edition?  Rickbobby.  I've been to Broken Record and wasn't incredibly impressed.  However since Rickybobby is a very short bus ride away I decided to give it a shot.  And I'm glad I did.    For starters the menu listed on their webpage is only partially accurate.  I guess they get away with it by saying it is their "almost current menu."  They should probably keep it updated a bit more accurately.    Anyway...The place is a decent size and was very clean.  It is communal seating (which I dig).  The menu is written on a chalk board at the back above the kitchen.  I wasn't sure if this place was going to be like Broken record where you order and take a number, so I started walking to the back.  Immediately we were offered a table by one of the waiters.  They brought water and took our drink order.  Beer is $5-6 dollars/pint.  House wine is $9.  The service was incredibly friendly.  The waiter made some suggestions about their best selling items as well as their seasonal items.  We went with the burger, pork fries, and grits.    They came out was they were prepared by the kitchen.  I really enjoyed the burger.  Definitely could taste the bacon that is ground into the meat.  Tons of melted cheese and the bun was also tasty.  (5/5)  The pork fries were also quite tasty.  Seasoned waffle fries covered in deliciously tender bbq pulled pork, nacho cheese and buffalo sauce.  The buffalo sauce was unexpected but worked really well in this combination.  (4.5/5)  The crawshrimp grits were good, but my least favorite of the three.  Tons of crawfish, shrimp, and pork belly.  The flavors were great together.  It was just a bit too soupy for my tastes.  (4/5).    Overall this meal was pretty great.  Probably more like a 4.5 star place, but with the awesome service I will round that up to a 5 for this review.  Total was $34 with tax and tip.  

                Crawshrimp grits was pretty darn delicious. Not your ordinary grits dish. Was more of a thin consistency. Cheesy grits soup-almost with loads of crawfish and shrimp, generous portion!  Bacon bacon burger was one of the best burgers I've had in awhile. Huge portion as well. Juicy, juicy burger that I enjoyed every single bite of (well I had half the burger). Loaded with pork belly and bacon.   Sweet potatertots were abundant and good, nothing worth raving though. Communal like seating, so it's quite casual and chill.   Attentive service. Located on the corner of le street. Limited wine and beer options. Would def be back for more food coma.  

                I went with the Boyf for Vday and it wasn't as busy as I thought it would be. We waited about 5-10mins to be seated at a picnic bench style table. We ordered our drinks and were kind of left to ourselves to decide on food being as though everything is written on boards right in front of you. I ordered the Crab Melt with the Tomato Soup and my boyfriend got the burger. My melt was delicious! The bread was so thick and buttery, with the perfect amount of cheese and crab. With every bite, I could taste the crab. The service was a little slow but I think they were mainly focused on getting ppl seated before they walked out. Would def go back again!!  

                I went here with a few friends last weekend and it was quite good! It was a Friday night and we had to wait for a table, but only for about 15 minutes (which isn't too bad by SF standards). Be aware that the tables are shared, so depending on the size of your party, you might be sitting thigh-to-thigh with a stranger. It's also pretty loud. Basically, don't go here on a first date.  We ordered the sweet potato tater-tots to start and they were delicious. I basically filled up on them. They come with homemade ranch sauce which was amazing (I'm typically not a huge fan of ranch). We also ordered 2 biscuits between the 4 of us. The biscuits were flaky buttery perfection. If the butter in the biscuits isn't enough for you, they also come with a honey butter dipping sauce - which is literally a pat of butter melting in hot honey. So good! And yes, so terrible for your body...  I also got the jalepeno mac n'cheese. I know, this meal overall was a horrible choice in terms of health, but a wonderful choice in terms of enjoyment! The rest of our group all ordered burgers, and though I don't eat pork/beef, I can say the brioche bun looked yummy.   If I'm willing to seriously clog my arteries again, I'll be back.  

                AMAZING! My family and I absolutely loved this place! It was our first time and even though there was a long wait (which was the con but what do you expect with such a small restaurant?) ultimately, The friendly service has made up for it.The Po Boy sandwich was awesome and I think they literally make the best biscuits I've ever eaten in my life! Kudos to you Ricky Bobby! You and your staff just found yourself new regulars lol  

                Awesome place.. Even if you've wandered Haight left and right, you may not know about this place because it's just barely out of the bar scene. Of course we were enthused by this place for the bacon-infused burger, but we also got the sweet potato tots, pulled pork sandwich, chicken drums, and fries. Although all were good, the burger and tots were definitely the highlights. You may feel a tad guilty eating afterwards, but it'll be worth it.  Tip: Just walk about 15 minutes down to Hayes Valley for some Smittens ice cream afterwards too to compile the guilt. Might as well, right?  

                Holy pork fries! Enough said.  Well, not really but that was the highlight! Great time to go is right when they open at 6:00 pm. You can grab a seat and it's really empty, so you get first dibs on your food order. Along with the pork fries, we got their prime rib sandwich, burger, and another side of fries (don't ask). The prime rib sandwich was okay but could pass on that and the burger was yummy (get it with avocado).  Obviously, we ordered too much food and usually with fries I'm hesitant on taking it home since fries get stale fast. But since I didn't want to waste anything, we took it home. Guess what? The next day, as gross as this sounds (I'm not afraid to admit it) I heated up the pork fries and they were still amazing for some reason...  Love the look of the restaurant and I'll mention this again in case you don't get it by now: PORK FRIES!!!  

                First and foremost, how can you not go here? It's called Rickybobby!  I just ate here tonight and color me thoroughly impressed. My brother and I were looking out for some comfort food in a casual place and Rickybobby met all of our expectations. When we got here, the place was PACKED. We waited about 20-30 minutes but it really wasn't that bad. Since the place is small, the set up includes a few large tables and everyone shares. There's a lot of people but still definitely cozy and the service is awesome. Everyone is chill and your waiter even bends down to your level so he can meet your eye when he gets your order (even if he's 6 ft tall). Tres bien, right? And while you're waiting for your food, you can chat or watch the movie playing in the background. Tonight's was Fast & Furious 6!  We tried the Mushroom Burger, Broccoli & Potato Au Gratin, Pork Fries, Beet Salad, and lastly, their Sea Salt Caramel Ice Cream Pie (AMAZING). The pork was tender, flavorful, and all of their dishes were incredibly satisfying. Even though I was full, I couldn't stop looking at what everyone else was eating! The best part was the dessert since we got the last slice :). My only recommendation is to maybe hold off on getting more than one cheesy dish. There's so much food to try so you don't want to get full too fast!  All in all, I already can't wait to come back again. The only tough part about getting here is the parking, but other than that, Rickybobby gets 5 stars from me :)  

                So...I had the bacon burger and was (at the time) pleasantly surprised it was a double-patty affair. Well, it was okay, and it included a few pickle wedges and picked onions. I get that the thing is the bacon is mixed into the meat, but sorry I just wasn't into it. $13.  I also ordered some garlic fries. Now, the server was completely aware I was dining alone and could've mentioned that the fries were gargantuan in size, because that's what showed up, and it was $9. My bad, I should've been specific about a side order size, I guess. Also, they showed up cold. That shredded parm on the fries just wasn't going to melt on its own.   Beer, Anchor Steam, $6. $30ish, including tip for a burger and fries and beer? Sorry guys, not worth it. If anything, contrary to some other people's complaints, the folks working here were pretty chill, and they were screening Return Of The Jedi on the wall.  

                All about that bass, 'bout that bass... no treble.... Actually it's all about that beef and bacon burger! No frills... just bun, beef/bacon patty, and cheese. No tomatoes, lettuce, and all that non-sense! Pickle on the side, check.   Can waffle fries get any better?? Yes, when you add a ton of pulled pork and sauce it all up in there! Stick an American flag on it cuz you know this dish is truly an American hero!   Let it go, let it gooooo: the chicken teriyaki bowl on the other hand was just ok. Nothing special. Something I think I could have thrown together at home.   *Don't know why this review turned out to be a musical edition... oh wells!  

                COMFORT FOOD!  I finally went there after hearing friends raving about this place... It's true:  *the bacon beef burger is amazing *the pork fries are excellent *the regular fries are delicious (served with white dipping sauce and ketchup) *the service is chill and efficient  If you are craving good old American fare with a touch of creativity and taste, GO!  Goodness  

                Pork fries - Unreal. The pork, the cheese, the sour cream, the waffles fries. Topped with an American flag. You just can't beat that  Sweet Potato Tots - delicious and pipping hot! They were so hot when they first arrive, but we just couldn't stop ourselves from eating them anyways while burning the roofs of our mouth. I like to think of them as painfully good.  Beef & Bacon burger - JUST DO IT. Our waiter recommended it to us as his favorite thing on the menu and for good reason too!! Good flavor, good bun, and good pickles!  Grasshopper Sundae - At first we were torn. Do we order the sundae or do we order the toffee peanut butter caramel pie. It definitely took us a good 10 minutes to decide because c'mon, this was a major life decision, but the bruleed marshmallow and mint chip ice cream won us over. When it came out, we had our doubts, but a few bites in we hit the jackpot once the marshmallow, mint chip and oreo crumble all came together. Heaven.  The fifth star is for the service. These guys and their staff are just the best. Super helpful and very attentive, we couldn't have had better treatment. What's more is that I had come early to get a table but unfortunately my friend got stuck in major traffic. I didn't want to order until she got there but they didn't mind one bit. I literally sat there for almost 45 minutes and not once did they hassle me or give me the stink eye SERIOUSLY, I probably would have given myself dirty looks, but nope, not these guys. THEY'RE AWESOME.  TIP: Menu constantly changes so be sure to come back and try heir new inventions!  

                I still give this place 5 stars. I am never disappointed and it continues to be a guilty treat for me.   Them crawshrimp grits!! It's to die for. It's a big enough portion for two. Even three, depending on how hungry you are. It's no longer served with pork belly or instead with sausages but it's okay. The crawfish and shrimps is plenty in there. It's delicious and I recommend this dish to anyone everytime. Even if you're not a huge grits fan, because I'm not, these will change your life!  So my table practically ordered anything meat on that menu and more. We had the chicken drums (not bad but nothing special), the bacon pork burger (amazing everytime!), the spare ribs (a little spicy but flavor and texture is awesome), Mac and cheese, prime rib dip, pork fries, sweet tator tots and crispy tendo sandwich. The tots and fries were delicious. I didn't get the chance to try the other stuff bc I was wayyyyyy too full by then.   I had a video, I wish I could post it but you can't go wrong with their food. Their service is getting better. They're trying. And I don't knock them for it.  

                The highlight of American cuisine in San Francisco. I've been here countless times and can't believe I haven't reviewed this amazing restaurant! Their food is amazing! I can name you 10 plates that are the bomb, but you have to try them out yourself, so stop by. The bacon infused burger tastes like heaven, it's incredibly yummy and not overly greasy. The perfect amount of toppings and flavor. Five stars, keep up the good work!  

                I love Broken Record.  I believe that before I really knew anything about Broken Record or Rickybobby that I had just had a few drinks at the BR.  (I hear that there's some interesting history realating to both, but I'll leave that to the more informed minds out there.)  Along the way, I heard about the food - and then heard about Rickybobby in the Lower Haight.  Then, for about a year, I wanted to go.  Big plus - This is located a heck of a lot closer than hauling down to Crocker-Amazon.    Finally, my buddy and I made it.  Much like the BR, the menu is full of gems and you want to order it all.  BTW - We went on Friday night, and it was jumping.  We ordered the Potato Skins with Duck Confit.  We also had the Pork Fries.  The beer we drank was good.  I would have liked to have had a few other things on the menu.  AND - I still didn't get to try the Sweet-Potater-Tots.  :(   Overall, I would like to know the proper classification for this style of menu.  Really top-notch.  We also had a nice dessert from the house.  Berry Panna Cotta.  Yum.  The service was extremely pleasant, and I loved the communal table seating environment.  Although, it does lead to ridiculous food envy.    Go.    ***Oh yeah - It's no longer BYOB.  I would have figured anyway, but I notice a lot of the reviews mention this.  

                Same dude as the Broken Record and he's doing something right. The food has big, bold flavor. This food is not shy at all. The mac n cheese was really saucy. It was more cheese than mac. It reminded me of a cheddar cheese soup. The burger was delicious. The bun really made it. The pork fries were also incredibly flavorful. I loved that it used waffle fries. It was also very saucy. In fact, it resembeled nachos and it even said so in our bill. I also tried a risotto dish here that had lots of mediterranean flavors. It was packed with salty green olives and pine nuts. It was almost too much? I was really excited for the crawfish and grits, but I did not like how watery it turned out.  

                They changed their menu!  A lot of the pictures I was looking at from only a month ago are mostly gone.  I think their menu wasn't as good as it was before.  Service was decent.  We were able to order drinks during our 45 min wait.  I decided on their house red wine which was a sweet cab with a very heavy pour.  The tables are communal which gives the place a very casual ambiance.  The server that took our order was very personable; he sat down at our table while he took our orders.  Seems like the workers were having a bit of fun in the back and enjoyed working there.  Garlic Fries: We ordered it for the table.  There were five of us and we didn't even eat half of it.  Plenty of fries!  The orange mayo sauce was really good. The Green Goddess:  Basically a cobb salad but the ratio of lettuce to the other stuff in the salad made it different.  Way more shaved cucumber, radish, and carrot than lettuce which was a nice surprise. Bacon Hamburger: I'm not a burger person but this burger was really quite tasty.  Delicious actually!  

