                The food was amazing. I only got the sandwich (it's cash only and so I didn't have enough for sides) but everything looked amazing. And, from the responses of the people around me, everyone thought it was amazing too.   All the food is cooked rotisserie style so that the juices of one thing drips down to the next as it spins and cooks. Next time, I'm bring lots of cash so that I can try it all.  

                Had lunch here with a coworker.  Got the Chicken Sandwich and brussel sprouts, both were juicy, well seasoned, and delicious.    Will try the Porchetta next time.   Cash Only  

                Let's do Q&A on this one.   Q: Did I know about Roli Roti before I bought a burger at --name redacted-- food stand? A: No, I didn't.  Q: Did I stand in line at Roli Roti for 45 minutes to snag a porchetta sandwich AFTER buying a burger at --name redacted-- food stand?  A: Yes, I did that.    Q: Did I gorge on the porchetta sandwich even though I had eaten the ENTIRE burger while waiting in line at Roli Roti? A: Yes, I did that.  Q: Was the porchetta sandwich better than the burger? A: Fully and completely.  Q: Did I potentially eat 1500 calories in one sitting? A: Yes, I did that.  Q: Was it worth it? A: HELL YES.  

                Roli Roti's crispy, fatty porchetta sandwiches and salty roasted potatoes are the new flowers and chocolate.   (But I'm still getting chocolate right?)  #HappyValentiesDay  

                Porchetta sandwich! That's all you need to know, but I'll explain.  Roll Roti's porchetta sandwich is filled with pork loin and pork belly. I loved how crispy the skin was and how juicy the meat was. Even the fat was tasty. The sandwich is very filling and I was able to save half for later (the sandwich is that good and you might not be able to resist the urge to eat it all at once). The bread holds up well to all the goodness - no sogginess even when I ate the second half later. The sandwich is $9.50 - well worth it and easily one of the best sandwiches I've had. Their brussels sprouts were tasty too. I must try their roasted rosemary potatoes next time!  The Roli Roti stand is outside of the Ferry Building on Thursdays 10:30 to 2pm and Saturdays 8 to 2pm. I arrived around 11:30am on a Thursday without much of a wait, but the line backed up after I got my food.  TIP: Although there is an Oakland location, they don't have porchetta!  

                My coworker and I were craving something good for lunch. When I realized it was Thursday, I suggested Roli Roti at the Ferry Building. I've been eyeing their porchetta sandwich for some time now. Last Thursday, we braved the walk and I finally got my sandwich!  We both brought the Porchetta sandwich ($9.50) back to work to enjoy. The bread was soft. The pork was moist and tender. And that skin! So delicious and crispy! I also loved the onion marmalade. It wasn't too sweet and went well with the pork. I adore arugula with almost anything and it was a good addition to this sandwich. But by itself, it was so salty! And there's an ample amount of arugula too. I was sad I couldn't eat the extra because it was so salty.  When we arrived at the Ferry Building, we weren't sure where Roli Roti was. It's actually a kiosk located on the left side of the entrance, so don't walk to the right liked we did.  This probably would have been a 5 star review. That pork was amazing. But there was no excuse for that salty arugula. So 4 stars it is.  

                I don't know what else I can say that hasn't already been said.   Get the porchetta sandwich! If there is a line, (c'mon there's always a line) it's worth waiting for, regardless of how long the wait is.  Get the potatoes. They're perfectly cooked & topped with the rosemary sea salt blend - it's sheer bliss.  Don't eat pork? Try the chicken with potatoes. There's even a different line for that (chicken only AKA the express line). Usually there's no wait at all.   I had a sandwich for lunch & brought home a chicken & potatoes for the fam tonight. I also popped into Acme for a baguette to go with it (talk about perfect combination).  Whole chicken, regular potatoes, porchetta sandwich & small potatoes - all for $30 (actually $31.50). Best money I've spent in a long time!  

                The porchetta sandwich is one of the most amazing things I ever tasted! Amazing bread, and tasty greens served over juicy, crispy pork. It's truly one of those dishes that you dream about until you get to experience it again.  The line of this food truck is always a mile long. You'll need to time your visit carefully if you don't want to spend a long while in line, but even if you find yourself waiting, it's totally worth it.   Give this place and the porchetta a try. You won't regret it. One of the best food trucks at the farmer's market, or anywhere else for that matter.  

                Tips: -Cash ONLY, there are ATMs inside the Ferry Building -Separate (shorter) line if you are getting potatoes/chicken/brussel sprouts only  Made a Saturday morning trek across the Bay solely for the Porchetta sandwich. Around 11:30 AM, line was about 15 minutes long.  Let me just say I'm so glad I'm spending the next two years of my life working across the street in 4 Embarcadero. This sandwich review won't contain anything drastically different from the 100+ positive reviews below me, but I will add that I learnt how the proper pronunciation is "Por-ketta" rather than "Porch-eta" ;-) Regardless, my two cents...  I ate my sandwich a little cold as we drove to the Palace of Fine Arts to eat our sandwiches on the lawns there. Very simple flavors and great texture. Soft, crispy, and meaty in alternating bites. The bread soaks in the juices so it's not hard to bite into despite the deceiving look. My favorite bites were those with the peppercorn-encrusted skin.   The potatoes are divine. Pretty hard to eat in one bite because the pieces are quite large. The optional rosemary salt is unevenly distributed so the potatoes on top of your box will definitely end up disproportionately salty. They should give wider boxes!  

                Second attempt and success! We opted to share the porchetta sandwich. Yes, the line is long, but they got their isht together on how to process orders and to work the line.  As soon as we got our sandwich, we found a table nearby. The porchetta had really good flavors and was big enough to share between 2 petite women! The porchetta's skin was so hard, however. You better have some strong teeth or else you'll feel as if you will snap your tooth off!  

                The porchetta sandwich needs no introduction but I'm gonna let you know wsup anyway. Crispy skin, juicy meat with just the right about of fat, crisp arugula, caramelized onions all packed into a fresh ACME roll. Perfection.  I heard the rotisserie chicken is good too but I'd rather fill my limited stomach space with that porchetta. The potatoes are wonderfully seasoned and extra flavorful due to the fat drippings from the meat.    The line may be daunting if you go anytime from 11:30-1PM, but trust me, the wait is worth it.  

                Ugh. Roli Roti, WHY must you be 400 miles away??  My family went to San Francisco last week, not knowing 1) that Farmers Market was at the Ferry Building on Saturdays, and 2) it was Fleet Week. I've been to the Ferry Building before, but I have never seen it as crowded as it was this past weekend.  Anyhow, I almost decided to forego Roli Roti because I knew the line would be even longer than usual, but my wife convinced me that if the line is long, it's long for a reason. So we waited... and ended up not waiting all that long because the line moved fairly quickly.  We got the Porchetta Sandwich (of course) and the Quarter Chicken Combo. The chicken was okay. It was seasoned well, but it was still a bit dry IMO. The potatoes, which I learned later are cooked in the fat and juices that drip down from the pork above, never made it to my mouth, as I was too preoccupied with the Porchetta sandwich.  Speaking of the sandwich, holy cow. One of the best (if not the best) sandwiches I've ever had. Period. The Acme Sweet Deli roll? Perfect. The juicy, fatty pork? Awesome. The onion marmalade? Spectacular. The crispy pork skin? I wasn't expecting it, but it just completed the sandwich for me. And the arugula balanced out everything unhealthy in the sandwich (I'm being a little sarcastic with that statement, but I do justify myself this way occasionally).  If you go with two people and you're thinking about splitting a sandwich and chicken, just get two Porchetta sandwiches. You won't want to share. Trust me on this one.  

                You can tell from the lines that this place is popular.  If I lived in San Francisco and were anywhere close to the Farmer's Market, I can see myself as a semi-permanent fixture in their lines.  Their menu is fairly simplistic:  Porchetta sandwich (which is what I shared with my beau - the perfect size IMO since the meat portions are very generous), potatoes, roasted brussels sprouts (which is what we had as a side), and chicken (whole, half, 1/4).  We were starving having gotten here after a 2-mile stroll (and a very light breakfast), but sharing the sandwich and side of sprouts was perfectly filling.  The sandwich was amazing.  Really great cuts of pork, with a few bits of crunchy skin to add texture and really hammer in the flavor.  To make you feel better about your choice, they threw on a fistful of arugula (or some other light leafy green).  As I mentioned, eating just half was the perfect approach; don't get me wrong:  I'd take down a whole sandwich but probably wouldn't be happy with myself afterwards.  I'm a huge fan of the brussels sprout (have you ever seen this in the singular outside of here? Me thinks not!); Roli Roti prepared these simply and to perfection. From what I can tell, it was marinated with a bit of olive oil and rosemary or some other herb, and roasted whole, then sprinkled with some sea salt.  The sprouts were a bit big (if they chopped them in half, it would have been the perfect bite size), but I'm not mad atcha for that.  I'd be back when I find myself in SF again, for sure!  

                Walked around the market this morning and saw people lining up at this place and, when I came back in the afternoon the line up was even bigger. About 20 people in front of me and it peaked my curiosity, can they do ea porchetta sandwich or, their take on it as good or, even as close as some of the roast pork you get in Munich ? The answer ABSOLUTELY NOT :-( I might be an exception to the thousands of people that rave about this place but, for me it was an ok sandwich that was expensive at $9.50 :-(  The crackling was not nearly as crispy as I would have liked it and there was no punch in the flavour. It could also do with a little bit more salt / seasoning. The pork was also a bit greasy but super tender. The addition of onion and corriander did not do much to improve the flavour and I must admit, I regretted waiting in line :-(  It's a great concept and if executed well I would be there every day :-) as it is right now, almost no chance I will go back.  

                SUPER delicious porchetta sandwich. I came early on Thursday morning (breakfast of champions) - the stand sets up by 10am but they weren't ready to serve sandwiches until around 10:15am.  For a $9.5 sandwich, they're really really generous with the meat portion and I'm pretty sure the entire sandwich would have contained my entire day's allotment of calories. So I ate half and enjoyed every bite.  The crusty pork skin (???) really makes the sandwich, adds that extra oomph of texture and savory-ness. The caramelized onions were a bit too sweet for my taste (I think brown-sugar caramelized) but the sandwich as a whole was very solid. I'd definitely recommend this if you're perusing the Ferry Building Farmer's Market! Share with someone else so you can still find some dessert in the market inside :)  

                With over 1000 reviews, this place does not need another raving lunatic describing their porchetta sandwich in pornographic detail.  So I will just say that I have had multiple dreams about this sandwich since it first met my mouth. As I'm (tragically) currently living on the east coast, this sandwich is (no lie, no joke) easily within the top 10 reasons I want to return to the bay.  Scene: late morning to mid afternoon, a slow start to the day following a crash at someone else's place, I am anxious to get moving and shaking. I want to get back to my place. My pile of work beckons and I need a shower.  My girlfriend at the time (a city native) informs me instead that we are going to go get porchetta sandwiches before anything else. I do not know what porchetta is. It is a hassle to get to the ferry building, navigate the crowds, wait in lines, and obtain the sandwich. I am feeling pretty miffed.  The sandwich is consumed walking down market street back to Powell station. Within the first bites all my negativity melts away in a glorious haze of salty, fatty heaven.  Juices are dribbling down our chins and fingers and cheeks after the first block, and, as a generally neat person, I don't even care. What can I say, we play it classy.  I return to my place. I do not shower. I don't want the smell to leave my hair.  

                Porchetta sandwich! I love this place, been here a millions times and it never disappoints! The roasted pork is just so juicy and tender! Also, the crispy skin! It's the best. Everything comes together so well with this sandwich, from the bread, the arugula, and the tastiest pork ever, it's pretty much one of the best sandwiches $9.50 (Cash only) can buy! Definitely 5 stars!  There's always a line during peak hours, but that being said, it moves pretty quickly. Well worth the wait!  

                Came by the other day for lunch. Roli Roti is located inside the Farmers Market next to the Ferry building.  Despite a line of ~20 people during the ~11:30 am hour, the line moved quick...merely took ~5 minutes to get to the front of the line.  Ordered the Porchetta Sandwich with extra pork skin as Yelpers suggested. The porchetta was tender and flavorful. The extra pork skin was hard to chew on and an interesting complimentary add-on. The arugula inside the sandwich was organic and fresh. The ACME bread used for the sandwich was excellent, very light and fluffy.  Moved on to the 1/4 chicken with potatoes and the air-chilled chicken was fresh and flavorful. The roasted potatoes were nice and crispy too! :)  ~$8.5/person after tax cash only!  

                Love, love, love everything about the Roli Roti!! Always great but this weekend the service was horrible. The lady at the counter was arguing with her coworkers and got upset/short with me for asking if they could cut my whole chicken in half for me. Rude!!  

                i dreamt about this sandwich last night so it felt appropriate to come leave a review. i stopped by the ferry building with a group of girls and we all split up to look around and see what was around.. my friend found me and said, "you HAVE to try this porchetta sandwich from roli roti, it will change your life"  it actually changed my life. the sandwich was soooo good. arugula, goooood. yummy juicy pork, gooood. caramelized onions, goood. crispy fried pork skin, GOOOOD. (friends reference, not translating very well here zZzz hahah) i stopped by on saturday afternoon around 12:30 and there were only 4-5 people in front of us.. passed by again at 1pm and the line had grown a mile! go early, or idk go even when the line is miles long, there will be zero regrets.  

                Understand this: The PORCHETTA SANDWHICH will be THE greatest pork sandwhich you will ever eat in your life.   I don't care if you don't love pork, if you love BACON, you will love this sandwhich. Its literally a pork/bacon sandwhich on beautifully freshly-baked, white powdered porchetta bread. Perfect crunch and texture from the bread. Tender, JUICY thick slices of pork tenderloin. Crispy bacon bits on the edges of the pork slices. Soft, crusty porchetta bread. Lastly, green arugula for a guilt-free mindset. A sandwhich made from heaven for us innate carnivores.   You will walk away from this meal feeling like you've accomplished something great. As if the day can only get better from here. Its better than a runners' high, its the eaters' high. Its so good, you can ride on this to get through your day. Well,... until, your next meal I suppose. But, nothing will ever taste better than this sandwhich. Trust.  If youre traveling in SF for the weekend, this is a MUST! The best $9.50 meal you will ever spend. The sandwhich is hearty, so do find a friend to share this with! Its cut in half for such purposes. Eat it while its hot, and dont be that person who brings it home.  

                I do NOT understand the hype. Seriously. I love a good sandwich more than the next guy, but this place fell so short I can't even imagine why people enjoy it!  We have seen the line wrap around the market before, so we thought this time we'd give it a try. The line moves fast, so if that deters you, I wouldn't let it. We knew that the Porchetta sandwich is what they're known for, so that's what we ordered. We sat down with the sandwich, each took a bite, and both were disappointed.  How is this good? Some pieces are so hard you think you chipped a tooth, while others are so fatty you can't even chew them. The inconsistency just made it so hard to eat, and we were extremely disappointed. We watched a guy near us throw out a piece he couldn't chew, and even the pigeons wouldn't eat it. That is saying a lot.  I also was expecting some type of sauce or something, and was disappointed that the bread was dry. It was just some arugula on the bun. To be honest, the bread was the best part. My husband took one of the pieces and ate it alone.  I do not understand it. Apparently I'm one of the only ones, but it just wasn't good.  

                I've heard legendary stories about Roli Roti's porchetta sandwich from multiple sources, so it was high time I got that meat in my mouth. My friend and I stopped by the Ferry Market after a very indulging breakfast of Tomales Bay oysters and Anchor Steam.   Just how good is this sandwich? Even on full stomachs, the conversation while waiting in line went something like this.  Friend: We should probably get one sandwich. To split. Me: Yeah, sure. That makes sense.  *A couple minutes pass*  Me: It looks like such a simple sandwich. Just meat, bread, and some veggies. Friend: The greens are amazing. Peppery and delicious. Really complements the meat.  *A couple more minutes pass*  Me: God, that smells so good. Friend: Yeah, look at that crispy skin. Me: He just sopped up the bread. Zo-em-gee. Friend: It's so juicy and delicious.  *We're almost at the point of ordering*  Friend: We should definitely get a sandwich each. Me: You sure? Friend: I'm sure. Me: You only live once.  *We're eating the sandwich--we've basically stopped talking until each eating half*  Me: Ahmahgah. Friend: Thank god we got two sandwiches.  

                I had been wanting to try this place since my last SF trip (a couple years ago).  I wasn't able to try it last time though because it is only open two days a week.  Unfortunately, I will have to make a return visit to get their "true" porchetta because my porchetta sandwich had cuts that were WAY too fatty.  PORCHETTA - It smells awesome, tastes great, but the cuts are not consistent.  A lot of the pieces in my sandwich were super fatty.  I felt like I had a fat sandwich.  In fact, part way through, I just opened the sandwich and just ate the insides by hand because there was no other way to separate the fat.  I felt like at least 70% of the sandwich was fat.  The crispy skin and the little bit of pork that I got was good.    SERVICE - there is always a line here but they are pretty efficient.  there are two lines as well.  if you don't want a porchetta, you can just go to the other line.  I wish there was better quality control on the porchettas though.  It's good with some fat, but my sandwich happened to be majority fat.  

                LOVED the Porchetta Sandwhich! It's such a simple sandwich, but it was the highlight of my time when going around the Farmer's Market in the ferry building Saturday at noon. With their deliciously roasted pork, arugula, and CRISPY PORK SKIN made together in a sandwich is to die for. To my fellow Filipino's out there, it's basically lechon as a sandwich! The line was pretty long by the time I got there, but it went really quick. Right when we said our order, our sandwiches came out in seconds! They definitely know what people want!   Along with their roasted pork, they also have roast chicken and brussel sprouts. But I also have to mention the potatoes as well, which are roasting in the pork drippings...*homer simpson drool*. So many other tasty dishes I need to try next time. But if it's you first time, definitely get the porchetta sandwich!!!  If you're going around the Farmer's Market on Saturdays, don't forget to try this cart!  

                My friends, who are locals, insisted that they must take me to the Ferry Building to have this ammaazzzinng sandwich!! I thought to myself, how great can a sandwich be??   When we got there I saw a long line. It must be at least decent if that many people are waiting, right? I must say that they are quick and efficient here because I felt like the line moved relatively quick considering its size. We were in front in no time!!   Three Porchetta Sandwiches please!!!!! At $9.50 each this tasty sandwich uses bread from the Acme Bakery (also located in the Ferry Building), soft moist delicious rotisserie pork &pork skin, arugula and grilled onions. The sandwich was HUUUGGEE and it was SO DELICIOUS!! I just wish that there was more arugula in the sandwich so that I could have more freshness to balance out the other elements of the sandwich. Nevertheless still mindblowing for my tastebuds :)   I would definitely recommend this place if you're visiting San Francisco!! Just remember to bring CASH!! And I think my friend mentioned they're only there on Thursdays and Saturdays.  

                Porchetta Sandwich! Who ever came up with this is a genius. The crispy pork skin. The juicy lion. The herbs. All this married together with onions and arugula in a sandwich.   I only wish I could get this any day of the week. The farmers market is only Thursdays and Saturdays. I came out here pretty early and just beat the rush for a sandwich. I could smell the porchetta from a mile away. watched them as they pulled the porchetta straight from the oven, to the cutting board and stuffed it right into a sandwich. My mouth went from just dripping to a full blast. From the first bite to the very last, it was just truly amazing. I was even picking up the every last bit of the porchetta that fell off the sandwich.  The potatoes looked really good. It's thrown in the bottom where it collects all the juicy drippings from the porchetta. I can't wait to come back!  

                Can we just talk about how the porchetta literally changed my life? I had no expectations trying the stuff thinking it was just another type of roast pork but once I had my first bite I knew I had fallen in love. The pork was so tender and juicy but the skin was crispy and light. The Italian seasonings were just the freaking cherries on top! I had the porchetta sandwich and there was this bomb onion marmalade on the acme sandwich roll. The roasted potatoes were also very good--kind of expensive but worth it. They are roasted underneath the chicken and porchetta so the fat drippings fall on the potatoes #Sogood.   Try the rotisserie chicken of you get a chance too--very well seasoned and perfectly cooked.  

                Porchetta=best meat ever.    San Francisco, you win.  I had possibly the best sandwich I've ever had at Roli Roti, and I'm convinced that porchetta is the best meat ever. The moment the porchetta came off the rotisserie I started salivating.  The crisp salty outer layer, the tender, juicy meat with just the right amount of fat to add flavor and keep things moist. It was the best pork I've ever had. It's so simple: onion relish, arugula, crispy but light bread, and the delicious meat.  The potatoes were good, but I'd rather save space for more porchetta.  They also sell porchetta by the pound.  If you are a sandwich lover, you're gonna love this.   They're only at the Ferry Building on Thursdays and Saturdays during the farmer's market. If you go by 10:30, there's barely any line. Sandwich, lemonade, seat by the bay--perfect.  

                Three days in San Francisco and this was definitely one of the top two meals during our entire visit.   I have wanted to check out the Farmer's Market at the Ferry Building for so long and this was my number one stop while I was there. I had to get my hands on that porchetta sandwich, and boy, did it live up to my expectations.   We got there relatively early on Saturday and there was no line at all, score! My fella and I ordered the porchetta sandwich and a rosemary lemonade to share and after devouring our "snack" we were each equally disappointed that we didn't get a whole one to savor all to ourselves. It was for the best, since we wanted to try many different vendors while we were there, but man, sharing is not caring here...   The porchetta was on point. Moist, fatty and absolutely melt in your mouth delicious. The bread sopped up all the flavorful grease. The greens help me pretend I was  eating something healthy. They kept their integrity and did not get soggy by the time I was finished with my last bite.   The rosemary lemonade was definitely a must. Refreshing and complemented the flavors in the porchetta nicely. I definitely wouldn't share this beverage next time as I'll likely be greedy and get one all for myself.   I can't sing the praises of this place enough. Get some!  

                Skipped the bread and ordered one lb of meat and a small order of roasted potatoes  for $15.  Delicious!  

                Really good sandwich!  One of the best that I've ever had.    The Porchetta sandwich had good flavor and big chunks of perfectly cooked pork with some onions and arugula.  Perfect combination!    My only complaint would be the small order of potatoes that we ordered.  It needed more flavoring.  

                The porchetta sandwich is possibly the best sandwich I've had in my lifetime!?!? Who knew I could love pork so much...  The combination of onion marmalade...AMAZINGLY CRISPY PORK SKIN....tender pork meat and arugula all on a soft bread roll...yum! My one complaint was that there were a few too many fatty chunks for my liking :( I always prefer my meat to be lean but I'll let that slide. After I ate this I was full for the whole rest of the day so I felt it was worth the money.  Considering my cholesterol and other health and all I don't think I'll be back here for at least a year, but if I do stumble upon them I would love to try their chicken and potatoes (slow-cooked under the rotisserie meats...droooool)  

                Every saturday morning I wake up having the same debate with myself. Should I be good and skip the farmers market or should I give in and get the greatest pork sandwich that exists?  Roli roti is a food truck that you can find around the city, but without fail they are at the farmers market at the ferry building every saturday (and thursdays i think). They set up with additional tents on each side to accommodate the massive amount of business they pull in. They even have a separate line in case any poor fool wants to order something other than the porchetta sandwich.  The sandwich itself is comprised of perfectly juicy and crispy porchetta which you can see roasting on spits in the back of the truck. On top of that they use Acme bread, which is one of the best as well, a tasty onion jam and a handful of arugula.   Nothing I can say will do this sandwich justice, so do yourself a favor and try it yourself. Get there early though because sometimes they sell out.  

                Porchetta sandwich, enough said.  

                Must try the porchetta sandwich which is loaded with a wonderful combination of pork comprising of meat, fat, and crispy skin. The textures and flavors from that alone is outrageously delicious but on top of that you throw on arugula and caramelized onions to kick it up a notch.  

                The constant line outside Roli Roti is testament to what kind of food the small truck puts out. My first visit was at the Civic Center farmer's market, so they didn't have their famous porchetta sandwich, but I tried the chicken sandwich. The size is good for a small meal, but the little sandwich packs big flavors! The rotisserie chicken is tender and the Asian slaw on top adds a nice acidity to the grease of the meat. It's all packed between a slightly toasted pretzel roll, which was a surprising but good combination.   I finally got the chance to try the porchetta sandwich at the Embarcadero, and it's definitely worth the wait! The sandwich is filled with an extremely generous portion of their porchetta, which is the perfect ratio of fat to tender meat. There's a slightly salty crisp on the skin, which is offset by the fresh arugula. The bread, with a crisp outside and airy but chewy inside, is what ties the entire sandwich together. I loved that they didn't use any other spreads because the flavors of the ingredients themselves are enough to satisfy your palate!  

                If I had to pick one thing in the world, I would eat the Porchetta sandwich every day for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  That crispy (though sometimes tough and chewy), savory pork skin with sweet onion jam is divine on that fresh Acme bread.  And hey, that baby argula in it? Salad, baby. Healthy? Sure it counts....  Ran out of rosemary salt potatoes (insert sad wail here), but they did have some rosemary salt brussel sprouts!  I love brussel sprout everything.  These weren't roasted / crispy enough, too salty, and much too soaked in oil drippings. Not complaining (oh... I guess I am.) -- they were decent, but again too salty.  I probably wouldn't get them next time.  Like I said, just got the Porchetta. And the potatoes. See there? All set.  Cash only  

                Yummy!!!!!! The porchetta sandwich is the bomb. This is my goto meal whenever I'm at the ferry building. What's not to like about the salty, crispy pork balanced by the fresh greens and tasty bread? The brussel sprouts are also quite good. They're roasted in the drippings of the meat, though, so by no means are they vegetarian. They are, however, deliciously crunchy and not bitter as you would expect.   If you have to pick one place in the ferry building area, try this place for sure!  

                Roli Roti is only at the Ferry Building twice a week but it's worth a visit. They are located outside the building so ask the information desk and they will point you in the right direction. It's a truck with a built in giant rotisserie with chicken and pork roasting along with potatoes on the bottom to absorb all the fat.  We had their famous porchetta sandwich. It's pronounced por-ket-ta by the way. Trust me I had to google it to be sure my fellow elite yelper JR C. was not full of shit.  The sandwich will run you almost $10 but it's large. I shared that with 2 other friends for a light meal and it was just the right portion. I like the combination of the pork meat and crispy skin along with the caramelized onions and arugula. The crispy skin really steals the show. I could eat just eat a bucket of the skin by itself. In fact, while we were waiting for our sandwich, the carver gave us a few pieces. They were heavenly.  I didn't have room for it but I would have liked to try the potatoes. They sit at the bottom of the rotisserie and get all the drippings from both the pork and the chicken. They sell them at $3 an order.  

