                This last summer I got a new office manager, and I noticed he brought these huge burritos to our working lunch meetings. This piqued my interest in what origin created them, so I asked my coworkers and they told me they came from Ruby's!  I looked up Ruby's on Yelp and was inspired by the reviews to try it and contacted a former colleague and invited him to join me for lunch and try this place out!  It is located on a frontage road hidden away in a residential area. So it is sort of hidden off the main streets, but worth the trip!  It is like going to a upscale traditional Taqueria south of the border with all the huge pots steaming on the stove and the flurry of activity behind the counter. They have nice large pictures of the plates they serve on the wall across from where you place your order. I was overwhelmed with the selection of traditional Mexican dishes they provide, but sticking to my guns I with the Super Burrito and was not disappointed.  Each burrito is made to order and you have a selection of meat, and accompanying contents. The lovely lady was so very helpful on how to navigate their extensive menu.  For something to drink they offer a wonderful selection of Mexican Jarritos soft drinks which I found to be an added bonus to our luncheon experience.  I noticed quite a lot of patrons from the city of Sunnyvale were patronizing this place.   They have seating indoors and out, and being a nice day we sat outside and enjoyed our burritos with the Jarritos soft drinks and watched the parade of patrons from all walks of life both dine in and take out their lunch selections.  So if you want a quality south of the border culinary experience without driving south of the border and having to show your passport.  I would highly recommend Ruby's and look forward to returning soon!  

                This came highly rated by a friend and also by other Yelpers. So, I was a little bit disappointed with the Super Burrito that everyone raved about. It definitely was mostly rice and beans and hardly any guacamole and salsa. Meat quantity (I got the chicken) was decent. The Vampiro Taco which I got with beef that most folks recommended was indeed quite tasty with just the right amount of sauce and toppings. I suppose Burrito is not really a true Mexican thing so... I have to say, Service was really nice and friendly and you can tell they are like a family working there so it is a pleasant dining place. I would probably come back and give them another try next time since it's so close to work.  

                More like a 3.5. But one of the better taquerias in Sunnyvale. Cash only.  Vampiros tacos a must. They are street tacos with jack cheese and a guacamole type sauce. Pollo, carnitas and chorizo are all good. Al pastor was a little weak and fatty for all the hype. Super burritos really good. Refried beans and rice are decent but nothing amazing. Gordita was not worth it. Too much tortilla action.  Veggie burrito really good. Lettuce and tomato add a really nice crunch.  

                TL:DR; A little longer wait than most Taquerias but oh so good.  I've been to Ruby's Taqueria many times, and used to frequent it a lot when I lived in Sunnyvale. Today I was getting a flat fixed and decided to stop here to pick up a burrito on my way back to work. Yes, it took less time for my flat to be repaired than it takes to get my super burrito, but I still love this place.  The super burrito is great value for money, it's also almost the size of my forearm.  The salsa bar doesn't have a large variety, but the salsas they do have are flavorful. Everything from the meats to the rice tastes fresh. I've tried a number of different fillings in my burrito and have never been disappointed.  I will definitely be back, and update once I've gotten to try the vampiros, which I hear are excellent!  

                Once you're able to find this place and take a bite out of your burrito, it's well worth it.  I had a regular burrito with everything on it, and featuring the chorizo and carnitas. The nice cashier told me that the house salsa was really spicy, but it was well under what I was expecting. I had to use the green hot sauce to kick it up a notch. The chorizo was prepared in chunks, rather than ground, but I liked the difference in texture it gave.  Also had the horchata, which was a little on the sweet side, but still worth every cent.  Joey and I split a nachos and I'm still unsure of all the sauces and salsa that was on there. The chips looked homemade and they were nice and thick, but some of the chips were a shade burnt.  I give this place 4 stars, because its difficult to locate and because the dining area is so narrow and parking is limited.  I will definitely be back to try a plate.  

                It baffles me how Ruby's Taqueria can get 4 stars on Yelp. If you are like me who craves for some cheap, delicious tacos once in a while then *stay away from this place*. The only thing good about their tacos is the price.  I've had 5 different types of tacos here so far and none of them were good.  Tongue (Lengua) - Not seasoned at all, very bland. Felt like they just boiled the tongue with plain water, chopped it up and served it in a tortilla.  spicy chicken (Tinga) - chicken was overcooked to the point that I had a hard (pun) time chewing it.  pork skin (chiccarone) - I've had fried pork skin before and I liked it a lot, but Ruby's Taqueria doesn't fry their pork skin. The skins were extremely fatty, under-seasoned to the point that you could taste the raw fat, and the texture was also quite gooey. The way they cooked it was not only an insult to all chiccarone tacos, but also an insult to all customers eating it.  Tripe (tripa) - Not sure if they gave me the wrong taco or not but my tripa came with thin pieces of deep fried meat (what?). I've never had tripa like this before and it tasted worse than it looked.  Carnitas - Compare to the rest of their tacos their carnitas was ambrosia. And by that I mean I could finish the entire taco without spitting it out.  

                Awesome tasty Mexican food. Really nice people. The only down side is that their line gets really long at lunch time so I need to call ahead before 11am to put in my order.  

                We went here for lunch and were pleasantly surprised that we missed the lunch rush. According to the cashier they are normally very busy at lunch so we lucked out!  All in all it was a pretty tasty meal: we shared a pastor burrito with the works and a pollo gordito ( a house speciality). The pork was nice and tender. It lacked in spice and crispness that we desire in al pastor.   However, we will definitely be back for another round!  

                My girlfriend suggested this location for good, authentic mexican food. We came here for dinner and the parking lot seemed quite sketchy (very dark).   I ordered the carne asada super burrito which came with free chips and salsa. The salsa was quite spicy. The burrito was quite large and cheap at the same time. I'd say the quality here is on par with La Bamba in Mountain View.  

                Tripe taco - it's fried and disgusting, didn't finish Carnitas taco - average, the meat isn't very appetizing  chicken fajita - chicken is overcooked, very flavorless beans are too liquidity, and the cheese that comes with it is too strong  would stay away from this place  

                Our go to place when we want some good taco's and burrito.  The tripa taco is off the hook, esp if you ask them to make it crispy.  They also have a salsa bar which includes whole jalepenos, chips, and a wall full of hot sauce.  Cashier is always nice and friendly.    Located in a plaza next to a market and bakery... normally easy to find parking and a place to sit.  

                What can I say that hasn't been said about this place already? This is a small taqueria with great food at very affordable prices.  On my first visit, I was able to try their Super Burrito with BBQ Pork (Pastor). For $8, you get a newborn-sized burrito packed with the usual fixings (e.g. Spanish Rice, Salsa Fresca, Guacamole, and the meat of your choice). On Fridays, they sell Fish Tacos for $4. For $4, you get three-corn tortillas filled with diced grilled fish (unsure of the type,  but I'm assuming it's Tilipia), Salsa Fresca and their coleslaw-based veggie mix.  Fair warning though, if you decide to visit around noon, expect to wait in a long line that wraps around the restaurant. Otherwise, their food here is quality stuff, especially considering the price of the entrees.  

                Ruby's is right in the neighbor hood off Borregas.  Another great Mexican place for lunch in my work area.  I would recommend being prepared for a line if you venture between the 12:00 to 1:00 hours of lunch time.  This is a favorite of many workers in the area.  When taking my early lunch I will tend to his this up around 11:00am.  The Food as you can see below at my picture looks Amazing.  Their plates are healthy and sprinkled with the Mexican cheese on top.  Bean are refried and are excellent taste.  Rice is okay.  I ordered #4 Chicken Flautas De Pollo (4) taquitos on a plate.  $7.99 great price.  dipping my taquitos in the sour cream and avacados sauce was so delisious.  I totally enjoyed my lunch.  Washing it down with a drink of Squirt.  I'm just so mexican ! lol   The Taqueria is very relaxing to sit and eat your lunch or dinner.  The decor is golden and big screen tv that usually has soccer playing.  They even have an outside seating area.  Parking is ample and is in the same parking lot with other mexican stores.   I will be back to try other items on the menu and will post them to my review.    One thing i really like about this place is they have pictures of the items number on the wall.  This helps the non mexican speaking to know what the heck I want to order.  

                So SAD!!!  I found this hole in the wall three years ago.  Everybody who I recommended agreed.  The food is great...was great!  I loved their tacos!!!  My husband and I came here after church the other day and mann were we disappointed.  My order was cold.  The pastor meat in both our plates were dry and tasteless.  Not to mention, they got my husband's order wrong.    This place needs revamping.  I hope the owners have their staff put a little love back into the quality of the food.  I would love to come back.    This place was a four star for me.  

                Ruby's own this entire strip mall - You got the taqueria on the left, the marketo in the middle and the bakery to the right all lined up - No scarcity of Mexican food here!  Got three tacos - carnitas, al pastor and chicharron. Don't see any cabeza or else that would be on the top of my list.   The tacos are decent in my opinion. The pastor was the best out of the three I had. I liked the toppings which were pretty authentic. I generally love onion in all forms and shapes but I am not too crazy about their diced onion as they were bitter for some reason. I am hoping that's probably just a fluke.  All you can eat tortilla chips and the ladies at the counter were really friendly and helpful.  

                Amazing tacos!  The asada is very good and the al pastor is pretty god as well though it can be some what fatty at times.  You'll have to try the vampiros as well they're delicious!  

                Excellent vegetarian burrito. Great home-made salsa selection. The service is outstanding.  I wouldn't recommend the tamale- maybe just not for me. It's a bit of a wait during the weekday lunch hour and you can't order ahead.  

                Food was cheap but so-so. I came on a Friday, so there were $1.50 fish tacos. I got a fish, pastor, spicy chicken, and carne taco (all tacos $1.50 with salsa and onions). There were complimentary chips and salsas, which were good. I think the meat could have been more flavorful, although each taco came with two tortillas. The spicy chicken wasn't very spicy, and the pastor was too oily. All the meats could have had more flavor. The (fried) fish was pretty good, although again, there wasn't enough flavor.   The restaurant is pretty stuffy and has some TVs, and they have nice outdoor seating for bigger parties or for some fresh air.  

                Amazing value, big portions, solid taste.    PROTIP:  They serve their beer.  If you're like me and can't have tacos without that Dos Equis or Corona, this place is the place for you.  

                My coworkers had been telling me how great the food was here and I finally got to try for myself. They were right...delish!!! I got 3 tacos with carnitas. It is very inexpensive there and the food is so fresh and tasty! I will say the store is a bit cramped and I slipped twice walking to my seat. Otherwise, this is a great place and I'd definietly come back to try more dishes!  

                Found this place on yelp and was disappointed. I may need to come back and have a taco. I ordered a chicken burrito and a asada papas nachos. Chicke burrito tasted like it had fish or shrimp mixed in. I'm not a fan of shrimp on my burritos so that messed up my taste buds. I had my fries and the potatoes where soggy and it all just looked like soup when I got it. The cheese was making the fries so wet it seemed like I was having soup fries. The place was busy and fast. Service was mediocre. I still want to come back to try the taco and maybe redeem this yelp review.  

                Although Lucha Libre still holds the #1 spot for burritos with several SF joints trailing behind, Ruby's is a strong unexpected competitor.   It's a simple shop right off the 101. You come in, order from their extensive menu, and watch some soccer while you wait. For the price of most items, the quality and size is outstanding. You get to pick from about 10 meats, with my favorite lengua readily available.   For $6.44, I got a Super Burrito with lengua. Rice, beans, onions, cilantro, sour cream, guac, jack cheese, salsa and meat. Every simple ingredient you need rolled in a huge tortilla. Proportions were all on point, cheese was oozing out everywhere, and the meat was flavorful and juicy. It can easily be split and saved for a 2nd meal.   Only downside is they take forever. There weren't too many people in the restaurant and our dishes took upwards of 15 minutes to make. Free and plentiful water is always good though. Quite impressed.  

                We came here because Dish n dash was too busy, boy, am I glad we came here. This place is in a mexican street mall off the main road. The layout is kinda weird as the flow of people between pick up and order doesn't flow (you have to cross the order line to get to your food).  You can grab your own chips and salsa which is nice and when I saw the pictures on the wall, I decided to go with their bistek ranchero. It came out after a while on a HUGE plate filled with grilled steak. The taste was mediocre but that's only because I didn't put any sauce on it. My coworker got a huge burrito for 5-6 bucks and I seriously have to say it was definitely worth the money.  We're come back soon and I'll definitely try the other 20 or so options they have.  

                The food here is delicious. Good job Ruby.  

                I've only ordered the chorizo and egg breakfast burrito here and it was filling!  The hot sauces are pretty awesome as well and the friendly service adds a good review to it.  I'll definitely have to try the other food here before really giving it a good judge :)  

                This is one of the better taqueria's I've discovered in the bay area. They have very fair prices and are quite generous with their portions. Let me break down some items:  * $6.90 - Carne Asada Wet Burrito: Unlike most places, it is actually covered with really good enchilada sauce.  * $9.66 - Fajitas - I get the combo (chicken, steak, shrimp) which is really well seasoned and difficult to finish in one sitting. * $1.50 each - Tacos: You just can't go wrong, really good toppings. * $8.49 - 3 Enchiladas: I haven't tried them yet but my coworker swears by them.  The only item I didn't care for was the carnitas burrito. The carnitas were a bit too fatty for my taste.  You can also call ahead with your order, but they may not answer during lunch when it's busy. This is definitely my go-to place for Mexican food in the area.  

                The food here is delicious and I love that they have an extensive menu to choose from. I got the Carne Asada and Al Pastor taco which were both seasoned deliciously.   The only cons I have about this place is that the wait is forever and they don't seem to have a call ahead system. I tried calling ahead twice and no one picked up so maybe that's just not something they do. I went during lunch and it took about 30 minutes to get my taco plate. Definitely not a place I can get lunch if it takes this long but will definitely come to grab a bite some other time.   I need to come back on Friday's for their fish tacos! That's the only day they serve them.  

                Great place. Small hole in the wall with awesome tacos. Just tried it on a lark since I was staying at the Sheraton down the road.  

                After stopping by Ruby's Pan Dulce, I decided to drop by here to grab a burrito for lunch. It was a delicious yet impulsive decision on my part! I ended up ordering a mini burrito with grilled chicken, which came out to $4.50 with tax.   The burrito was well worth the price, as I discovered when I bit into it for the first time. The first bite was savory. The second bite confirmed it. The third bite led me to conclude it was one of the best burritos I'd ever had.   I'll definitely be back in the future when a burrito craving hits!  Edit 11/7/13: I've added photos of the take-out menu since the one that someone else had placed was hard to read.  

                Tacos are where it's at.  Taco asada was spot on. $1.38  I also had the Pollo burrito $4.60.  The rice and Pollo was a bit dry.  Hence the 4 stars.   I'll stick with the Carne from here on out.  Self serve salsa and tortilla.    Plenty of seating. They also have a patio area for outside dining.   Definitely a new go to spot!  

                Day 212 // July 31'st 2014 Goodbye Summer  (Adios)  So, I haven't set foot to this store (or fire) physically ever, yet I've eaten from here at least over 3 (12) dozen (x) times this year alone. Theeeiiir greeeeat!  And Buddah knows how many times in the past .?.  When my Dad is through with his clients on the weekends he snags some delicious greasy Mexican take out for us and we 'nom it up' together. Love.   I usually get something like the following : Steak Milanesa torta, w/ light fixings; green sauce (verde) tomato, crema , no cheese (too fattening) way too fattening (I love cheese), lettuce w/ toasted bolio bread. Vertical grill mark and everything. 400+ calories, alright. hahaha   Now, when done right (cooked) the spices (salt+pepper) from the rectangle steak meat flavor, cascade the sweet sea-foam green spicy sauce, rendezvous half way shake hands, like the pacific oceans waves meet the shore in my mouth. Swish! Followed by the faint juicy sweetness of the tomato, milky and salty crema, off- chasing a funky battle of wits. In cahoots.   The sweet smell of sensation!   My Dad loves himself some carne asada tacos green sauce. What!   Water or soda (chemicals) are the choice of beverage to liquidate the childhood practice. Artificial Nostalgia. /Reverb/   Get it  .?.    Anyway come and eat some greasy mex food here, morning or day, but avoid  evening for the obvious. Sorry, not so sorry.  My first real food yelp!  

                quick, easy, filling lunch for two. under $20 for a wet burrito, quesadilla, coke, and beer. crowded and hot, but the line moves quickly and the food comes out fast! portions were massive, although the asada was a little dry. would come again if in the area!  

                So glad that I finally tried this taqueria after seeing it rated highly on Yelp for quite some time. I have been going here every Sunday for a few weeks now to pick up some food.  I have had the following from here:  10. Filete Empanizado (Breaded Tilapia Fish Fillet) = It was better than I thought and it comes with a large piece of breaded fish which was delicious! The combination plate also includes a few other items such as mexican rice and salad.  27. Quesadilla Con Carne = The quesadillas here are quite good. For me I end up getting everything with the quesadilla and it definitely fills me up. Portions are quite large as well at least for me and the price is reasonable.  35. Tacos = Extremely affordable. Once again I prefer getting everything with the taco, has a nice spicy kick.  36. Caldo De Res (Beef Stew) = I ended up ordering this one by accident due to ordering the wrong item so I finally decided to have my parents try it. We were all pleasantly surprised at how good the beef stew soup was!  So far everything I have tried here has been really great. The quality of their meat is one of their strongest points, also all the food is affordable for what you're getting. If you're able to speak spanish it will be a big help here as all of the staff speak spanish.  

                Yum!  Hot sauce options galore!  My mother ordered the Veggie Super Burrito and loved it. I ordered the #2, fried beef steaks with tortillas, beans and rice and was so happy.  Will definitely be returning!  

                2nd time here and I got the Enchiladas Verde again.  It was made with chicken and topped with a green sauce; moist and delicious with a nice spicy kick.  I like this dish a lot.  Tried the Vampiros Al Pastor.  The Al Pastor was very good; juicy but slightly crispy on the outside.  The guacamole was good but the melted cheese was a bit too much for me.  It's like eating a stuffed crust pizza when you like a thin crust pizza.  It was very tasty but I could only have 2 bites.  If you like simple tacos, skip this one.  The fried tilapia was freshly fried for us and was very good.  My hubby thought the eggs with chorizo was the best he's had.  My friends got the tripe tacos and loved it.  I tasted the sauce on their chicken mole and it had a nice chocolate flavor but wasn't that sweet.  They really liked it with the chicken.  Their Horchata is nice.  It is on the sweet side, which I like.  I'm a fan of the food here and the prices are very reasonable. The tables only seat 2 and are in a narrow long dining room so it is difficult to sit a group of 4.  This is a taqueria so don't expect service or ambiance.  I think I found my new spot when I'm craving Mexican food.  

                This is a fantastic place, with very authentic mexican fare. I got 5 vampiros - a couple carne asada, a spicy chicken, chorizo, and carnitas. They were cheap (under $2 each), big, and DELICIOUS. Dinner (and a BIG one at that) for under $10.   Everything was seasoned and prepared very well, and ingredients tasted fresh and not overly fatty (like, the carne asada wasn't too chewy, and there weren't any odd pieces of any meat). Next door is the Guadalajara market, and next to that is a really delicious mexican bakery. I'm in love with these places. Lunch gets busy, I went for dinner while visiting town.  It's been 24 hours now and it's sitting well, if you catch my drift.  

                Food was great. Had the super burrito with spicy chicken. The spice was not over the top that the food could not be tasted. Service was great and offered samples to ensure I got just what I wanted. Perfect little dive - strip mall eatery.  

                Ordered: Fish tacos Shrimp tostada Tacos al pastor  Yum. I especially liked the fish tacos and tacos al pastor  

                Great massive burritos and priced just right!  Thier chips are crap (burnt) but over all the place is a solid B  

                This was a wonderful place! I am hooked on the chili verde and can eat it plain right out of the pan. The meat was so tender you could cut it with a spoon or side of a fork. The portions were huge for me so I will have to skip dinner this evening but it was well worth it.   Fabulous tacos and a great deal $1.85 - they came with meat and guac on it - unheard of at most places. The meat was a bit on the greasy side carnitas and BBQed pork one of each was what I had. But it was not more greasy than any other Mexican restaurant that I have been to.   The location was off the beaten path but had plenty of parking and is in a residential area in Sunnyvale. Between Matilda and Fair Oaks off of 101. They have a great outside seating area that is protected against the wind and they don't allow smoking which is perfect for me.  

