                guess i forgot to write my review the first time around, and was reminded when i checked-in for the second time that i didn't have a review posted!  my first visit was for dinner, a double date for hubby and i and another couple who had highly recommended this restaurant.  i ordered a fish taco and shrimp taco and requested that both be grilled (instead of fried) and be made not spicy (minus the salsa since the spice is in there!)  both tacos were bigger than tacos that i typically come to expect from another taqueria and i felt they were filled generously.  the shrimp, in particular, was very tasty and well made.  i wasn't a fan of the mayonnaise, but since i didn't know that mayo is typically added, i didn't know to say "hold the mayo."  note to self for visit #2!  my second visit was for lunch, a group of 6 friends met for lunch on a gorgeous saturday afternoon and sat outside underneath an umbrella.  since i liked the shrimp on my first visit, i chose the shrimp fajitas, which came with grilled shrimp (probably close to 1/2 a pound b/c there were lots), grilled bell peppers, mexican rice, black beans, shredded lettuce, guacamole, sour cream, and four corn tortillas.  re the tortillas, they offer a choice of flour or corn, and i chose corn.  this was a lot more food than i expected, and definitely worth the $13+ price tag.  the shrimp, like the first time, was extremely tasty and well seasoned, and blended well with the peppers, beans, lettuce, and guacamole when i wrapped them inside each corn tortilla.  i ate the rice separately, but realized that i was so full after having my 4 fajitas that i could not finish all of the rice!  my hubby is a fan of their carnitas tacos and my friends also enjoyed their chili-cheese fries.  although i have yet to try these offerings, and all of the other offerings on their extensive menu, i'm a fan of sancho's and will definitely be back....quite possibly, for more of their delicious grilled shrimp!  couple of notes: 1. parking is in the rear of the restaurant 2. order at the counter, they give you a number and bring your food to your table 3. cash/checks accepted, but credit cards not accepted.  

                Awful customer experience.  My 2 year old daughter mistakenly dropped her horchata drink.  Given it was large and heavy - it was understandable - my mistake as the mom was not grabbing it sooner.  I asked for a refill the woman said no.  She rudely said talk to the manager/owner.  I explained what happened to him.  He said "We do not give refills on horchata."  I said "She is 2-years-old.  Her spill was a mistake."  He said verbatim: "It is not my problem. I have to pay for this."  I said (I am a first time customer so my daughter does not do this to him all the time) "Yes but it is not a refill. Would you like me to come back again?" He shrugged.  At this time I am appalled.  He said "I'll give you half."  Really??  Is horchata that expensive (I get it is better than soda) but seriously?  Because of the hundreds of taquerias I have visited, no owner had an issue with refilling my Styrofoam cup after a spill.    In addition the food is mediocre and undercooked!!  Look for a replacement in Midtown in the next few years.  This management will run it into the ground!   What this owner doesn't know is that I will spread the word to all of the moms in the neighborhood as well. Very unfriendly and subpar quality.  

                Just because it has the same name as the other Sancho's on Lytton, doesn't mean the quality is the same. Case in point: today we ordered the same thing as we normally get at the Lytton branch. I got a super burrito with chorizo, and she got the fish tacos.  Well, my "super" burrito came with just chorizo and spanish rice. Not a salsa, sour cream or guacamole in sight. I can forgive a simple mistake, but this is a gross error. On top of that, the chorizo was not as tasty as the stuff they have in the downtown PA branch. My wife's fish tacos were bland and soggy, a problem she never has at the Lytton Sancho's.  To be honest, just take the extra five minutes out of you way to get up to the real deal. It's worth it.  

                I love Sanchos, but I wont be coming back to this location any more.   The last two times I ate here, my food was cold and the chips were horribly stale. A huge 180 from other experiences.   Will only frequent the downtown Palo Alto and Emerald Hills locations from now on.  

                Ok, I'm feeling generous so I'm giving this place a 5 stars :)  My coworker had been telling me about this place but I was always skeptical as the place is located in midtown Palo Alto that I was imagining this place to be americanized and not that good mexican food..(I prefer the taco truck, hole in the wall mexican food than Chevy's!)...  After a morning hike at the Dish on Sunday, I craved "seafood" and it was about 10:30 am and I was thinking to drive to San Jose to Kicking Crab but I felt ashamed of myself for hunting spciy shrimp all the way down to SJ after my exercise!! so I went to the "next best thing" thinking...it's a "foodie adventure" how bad would it be?!!  the restaurant was still kinda empty around 10:50 when I arrived...I ordered 1 fish taco (fried) and chipotle shrimp. The place looked clean and the seatings and tables looked nice so I thought to myself..."americanized!"..(yup... I was being so judgemental, stuck up taco connoisseur) ..  The cashier offered me chips and she said "it came with every meal"...I never refuse freebies..so I got a couple of small cups of salsa, their "extra hot" and "mild salsa" to eat with my chips. The mild salsa looked a bit watery so again I was being skeptical..but as I devoured the chips with the salsa...I was surprised... the salsa, both the mild and the extra hot were actually pretty tasty!!! The extra hot had a hint of habanero...not too hot to handle for me, this spicy food lover, and the mild salsa had a hint of sweetness, refreshing to the throat.  My tacos arrived and the looked scrumptious! The shrimp and fish fried looked abundant and the two tacos were descent size...(no wonder they cost me over $8! they were pretty big!)...As I bit into my fish taco, my face just lid up and I had no word to describe but I realized that I was all wrong from doubting this place! Dang!!! that was the BEST fish tacos I've ever had!!! so so so so so good!!! The shrimp taco was also pretty legit! They used jumbo shrimp and there were lots of them inside my taco!!!   I am now a believer that Sancho's does make the best fish tacos! I'm dragging my coworkers for office lunch on Friday...  BTW, the only downfall is that the place is tiny... there are counter sittings in the front for about 8 people and 1 table of 2...In the back and patio, there are probably 8-10 tables of 4.  

                Had a nice lunch here last week, sat outside and enjoyed a warm winter day. We ordered super nachos with carne asada and shrimp fajitas. Really tasty, and we were particularly impressed by the shrimp. They definitely don't skimp on the portions, we got a giant mountain of nachos.  

                Mexican food is not a favorite of mine, but this place is the exception.  I automatically grant a star for reasonable prices. I ordered the Super Burrito with no meat for $5.95. I was starving that day, but was on a tight budget, so I declined chips and salsa. Good thing too, because I did not anticipate my SUPER burrito to be the length of my wrist to my elbow!!! HOLY COW, this burrito was huge! This place does not skimp on the portions AND the burrito tasted wonderful. It had an even balance of tomatoes, rice, cheese, beans, and guacamole. If more Mexican places were like this, maybe I would eat more Mexican food. I should add that the salsa was meh, but the burrito was so good it didn't need the salsa.  Bottom Line: Go here right now for a cheap AND enjoyable food experience. Help your soul.  

                MY NEW FAVORITE MEXICAN SPOT CLOSE TO HOME.   Had lunch with my wife. Small with little inside and some outside seating. Not too bad. 1130am not full. 1200 its packed with a line.   I got a shredded chicken super burrito. Wifey got Cali Nachos (fries instead of chips nacho style). Was not bad. My burrito was 2nd best next to my #1 spot in Millbrae El super. Wifeys Cali Nachos was good and big. Fries stayed crunchy and carne asada was seasoned nicely. Best was the green salsa and mild salsa u can scoop yourself. Get a lot if u take out. Service is fast and easy. There's not a lot of parking in front but there's parking in back to.   Tables was dirty n we had to wipe down ourselves but no biggie  ENJOY!!!  

                Mexican. Cuisine. Legitimacy! A frequent, go-to spot with friends these days.  It's a cash only place -- so bring that. Good Burritos & Tacos, but plenty of other options to curb your hunger. I always judge Mexican joints by the chips & salsa. They have a little salsa bar next to the cashier counter. A little cramped on a busy day, but worth the food fare.   - Prices (Reasonable) - Service (Quick) - Cleanliness (Desirable)  If you're looking for something local that is not the Chipotles and Free Birds, this place is a pretty solid option.  

                My friend brought me here on the pretense that they had the "best fish tacos in the entire world" to which I was naturally a little skeptical. The BEST? That's a tall statement to make on a tiny little taqueria in Palo Alto of all places. But to my surprise, this place lived up to the hype and i always crave their fish tacos now. Individually fried pieces of yummy fish with a rocking chiptole sauce and they dont skimp on portions. Which is good bc at $4 a taco, I said they'd better be worth it and i can assure you, theyre worth evrry penny. I'm sure the rest of the food is delicious but those fish tacos I'm telling you - they are SO GOOOD!!!!!!   They have 2 locations in Palo alto and both are excellllent. This location has extra seating in the back though and lots of parking in the plaza it's in.  

                My friend, who's opinion I value highly, says the fish tacos here are "just alright," but I think she's crazy because fish tacos don't get much better.  Fresh. Crisp. Not too oily. Just really satisfying. I have a good appetite and 2 tacos are more than enough. I've tried a few other things on the menu but only ever crave those fish tacos.   Also, I've only been there for lunch - not sure if that makes a difference. The downtown and midtown locations are about the same in my opinion foodwise but parking might be easier at midtown (Middlefield)  

                The California fires are very delicious & filling.   I have had the best carne asada fries in San Diego & this place is up to par with them. For $7.65 + tax is not bad considering the amount you get.   The environment is very nice & the customer service has been truly exceptional. Will return next time I am in the mood for some good oh carne asada fries.  

                Super hands down thee best carne asada I have had !!  I cannot get over the fact that the super nachos was made perfect! I have not tried their fish tacos but everyone  raves about them. That is next to try here.  If you are in the University area, check out Sancho's!  

                It is always a treat to come here for lunch. I have to limit myself otherwise it will be every other day. I love the one fish taco plate, everything I needed plus some. If I am hungry I would get the fish taco salad, it is so good and it's a salad, right?  This shop has nice seating and a lot more seats on the back of the shop, compare to the Lytton Ave original Sancho's.  Now they offer grill fish for the healthy crowd. I am just not healthy enough to try that yet.  

                Damn. I dream about the Fish Tacos here.  About me:  Sashimi, Chinese fish dishes, tuna fish sandwiches aside, I never pick the fish. There's a delicious sounding Applewood roasted salmon on the menu? Don't care. There's a macadamia nut encrusted mahi mahi next to the steak? I pick the steak. I'll almost always pick something else. I've also had my fair share of seafood poisoning, which makes me   But not at Sanchos. I normally get the fried fish taco, but because I was feeling guilty from fatty behavior, I switched to the grilled. And DAMN. It was so amazing. I even prefer it over the fried fish taco. Fish skeptics beware -- you'll question your relationship with fish after trying these puppies. Well worth the bite!  

                Love the fish tacos, followed closely by the chorizo tacos, which, if you ask for a corn tortilla, are gluten free (yay). Uber kid friendly.  The cash only is a mild inconvenience but the food and super cheap prices, are totally worth it.  

                The fish tacos here saved my family vacation.  My family came to visit me in the summer - three generations, seven people, two seniors and one precocious baby. It was a road trip. We had a van.  One hot, traffic-filled day, we had spent hours on the road, heading up to San Francisco to see the Golden Gate Bridge and then coming back for dinner. Why is San Francisco so cold when Palo Alto is so hot? Only God knows. Whatever the reason, we were uncomfortable, tired, and our eardrums had been shattered by baby shrieks by the time we made it to Sancho's.  "Don't worry, don't worry - this place is my favorite!" I said, trying to soothe everyone's temper. But one look at this trendy-ish chain doesn't scream authenticity. They had come here for authentic Mexican food. My family was skeptical.   Fortunately, Sancho's fish tacos are magical. Boy, did everyone's mood change after we tasted them. People ordered seconds. My dad, who had ordered a carnitas burrito, put it aside half-eaten to go and order a fish taco. Smiles all around.   The vacation was saved. I was a hero. To this day, people still bring up that day. That's not the cold day we spent in San Francisco. It's the day with the epic fish tacos.  

                Super quesadilla with carne asada! Pretty much all I get here, and I can't see that changing anytime soon - it's just too delicious! I've occasionally been impulsive and branched out to the super nachos or a burrito, and I haven't been disappointed, but that quesadilla just keeps calling me...  I usually treat Sancho's as a to-go spot; seating is somewhat limited, but unless you hit it at a peak time you're unlikely to have very long to wait. Speaking of waiting, the lines can be variable but they do a good job with keeping things moving. They have several TVs that add a fun dimension to the place, especially if there's a big game on.  Parking is straightforward in the lot at the back. They don't take cards, but they do have an ATM.  

                wasn't a big fan of fish tacos from one of the other locations.  something like that should try san bruno taqueria or the awesome ones in east LA.  super burrito al pastor filled with some grisly meat but very filling.  instead look for the taco trucks in MV.  

                I have been somewhat lax on my local taqueria lists, so it's time to get busy....  This Sancho's on Middlefield is the latest addition to this growing local chain (by "latest" I mean it's already been open almost two years!). And like the other Sancho's locations, the thing to get is the FISH TACOS.  So good. So consistent. (the grilled ones are good, but the fried one are better)  Unlike the other Sancho's locations, this one has plenty of room, with both indoor and outdoor tables in front, plus even more of the same in back.  I've never not found a seat here, even on a sunny Friday at high noon. Though on occasion there can be a long line to order food.  I've now been here often enough that I've explored the menu beyond the fish tacos.  The other tacos (carne asada, carnitas, pollo, etc.) are decent, and the meat is good quality.  The only disappointment is that Sancho's doesn't offer a taco plate using standard tacos, so I have to construct my own from a la carte items. (They do offer a super taco plate, but I like my tacos basic). As for the other food: the enchilada plate here is sizable and tasty, and the chimichanga is delicious.  Burritos are also a good call.  They even offer mole, but I have found it to be only so-so.  Ordering is my biggest issue at this particular Sancho's.  As in: They've got mine wrong more than usual.  I've ordered plates without sour cream and had this request ignored. I've ordered the chimichange plate (smaller, with rice and beans) and received the gigantic solo chimichanga instead. Sometimes I've received apologies; sometimes not.  So yet another reason I always drift back to the fish tacos; it's hard to screw up a basic order for two of these.  Dan B's Taqueria checklist for Sancho's (Middlefield): x  Food? - Good    Prices? - higher than average x  Portions? - above average x  Light crowds - most of the time  x  Standout items? - Fish tacos x  Chips + salsa included? - Yes. Homemade chips; decent salsa bar  

                Awesome grilled Fish Tacos!  Lots of fish!! Small hole in the wall type place. I usually order take out. The chips are often stale...I've been there many times,  and often the chips have been stale.. terrible getting stale tortilla chips in a mexican restaurant!!!  Their salad's are mediocre. mostly lettuce, no tomatoes and just a sparse sprinkling of shredded carrots, corn and black beans... what drives me crazy though is that they use store bought mediocre dressing.  

                I think they make the best Veggie Quesedila and use the freshest ingredients. i have tried multiple veggie and chicken options here and always enjoyed my food. Nice location, awesome food and great employees.  

                Terrific place to get some quick and delicious SoCal style Mexican food. My wife and I have yet to find something that we didn't like here. As a bonus, Sancho's has a bunch of TV's, so it's a great place to come watch a game if you don't want a crowded sports bar.  

                BEST Mexican food in Palo Alto, hands down! They have delicious shrimp ceviche, wonderful fish tacos, and the best shredded chicken burrito ever! Seriously, try their shredded chicken super burrito. I get it about once a week.  Heads up: it's cash only!  

                Wow, these fish tacos are amazing!  I'm glad I read the reviews before I came here.  I got my fish fried, but I found out after that you can order it grilled, too.  Maybe I'll try that next time.  They give you a lot of fish and the taco is in a flour tortilla, lightly grilled.  Fish is light and freshly fried, but wasn't oily at all.  It as perfect with the squeeze of lime on top!  One fish taco was enough to fill me up at $3.95/each for lunch.    Salsa bar is fresh, I saw them refilling it as needed and it was great with their chips.   Another plus is that this place is only 0.4 miles away from work, which gives me no reason to drive and all the more reason to walk almost a mile round-trip to eat here.  I have no guilt for ordering a fried fish taco at all!    -1 star for this place being cash only.  

                This place is so good! Can't get enough! Everything is solid, but I especially like the grilled chicken crispy tacos, and basically any regular taco. Cheap guacamole and free chips are the icing on the cake!  Downsides: cash only (but you can fill up for less than $10), and the ground beef was too saucy for my taste.  Overall, best fast food place in the vicinity!  

                Was excited to try their fish tacos that everyone raved about, including my friend who lives within walking distance.  Decent sized taqueria, and a huge menu displayed on a board upon entrance. I was appalled at the cost of the fish tacos being $4. I thought, they better be damn good! We all got 2 fish tacos each, some with flour tortilla, some with corn. I also asked for no cilantro on mine which meant I got no pico de gallo.  While the cook whipped up our tacos, we got some salsas to go. I chose the hot and EXTRA hot salsas, along with the side of carrots and onions. Oddly, for 4 orders of 2 tacos each, we only got 3 bags of chips to go, but it was plenty.  As we dug into our fish tacos, I noticed they were HUGE! One taco may have sufficed, but I have a big appetite, and 2 definitley filled me up. LOTS of fish, perfectly fried. Loved the orange sauce on it and with the cabbage and tortilla, it was a stacked fish taco. The drizzle of lime juice made it a perfect taco.  Would recommend if you're looking for a good fish taco in the area. Note, their EXTRA hot sauce is super spicy, I couldn't handle it after one try. Definitley some kicks of habanero. Also, they are CASH only.  

                Better than the Lytton location. Big tacos that taste fresh, not greasy, and very nice outdoor seating. Cash only though and quacamole is very expensive.  

                Tacos are great but we had beef enchilada and grilled chicken tostada tonite and they they were sadly terrible.  

                This is my go-to place for fish tacos in Palo Alto.  I've tried other places, but this place has the tastiest (I hope you'll agree just looking at the photo, but check the place out if you're in the area).  The only other food I tried there was a chicken burrito, but unfortunately it was a disappointment.  Smaller in size for the price vs at other places, plus the chicken was salty.  But one bad experience didn't stop me from going back, because I love the fish tacos.  Try at least a couple, and you'll be back for more next time.  

                Grilled fish tacos are the way to go. Any fish tacos. Shrimp tacos. The seafood here is done well. The diabla here is even delicious. I'd definitely come back. I have been going here with coworkers during lunch and it's always a hit. The spicy salsa is made of habanero and the kick is a lingering one so be aware!  

                Great taqueria in Palo Alto! We've eaten here few days ago and now again. Try their fish taco, they are simply the best I've ever had!!!  

                FISH TACOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Got 3 of them to go at a moderately priced $3.95 each. Well worth the price since they are medium to large sized and pack some serious flavor. Currently glued to couch.  Cash only, but they have an atm inside.  

                Great taquaria for Palo Alto. Solid fish quesadilla, good salsa.  

                I was living in Palo Alto during 3 months and I went there two times to eat. One to take away and another one to have dine in, but they don't have too much space.  What I really love is the chimichanga and the burritos. When I first show the chimichanga my reaction was OMG!!!!! It is huge!!! I couldn't finish it but I asked for a box :) In general the sizes of the food was pretty big. They give you nachos for free and you can choose a 3 salsa to put (different spicy levels). One day the staff girl was not too friendly :S  

                CASH ONLY!  I got the shrimp burrito today, opted out of beans and for nine dollars, they gave me A LOT of shrimp.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly and I appreciate it when the meat is still springy.  The burrito doesn't come standard with cheese, guac or sour cream, so you will have to pay extra for that.  The one I tried had just shrimp, grilled veggies, and rice in it.  I really enjoyed how healthy and fresh everything tasted, without cheese and sour cream, I felt less guilty eating it.  COMPLIMENTARY CHIPS AND SALSA!  Their salsa bar included 4 salsas and pickled jalapenos/carrots.  The 4 include: habanero extra hot, hot salsa, mild salsa, and chile verde.    The cashier at the front was polite and I saw a waitress holding a fish taco, which looked delicious.  I know what I'm getting next time!  

                Best tacos! Fish Tacos are a must try. I like their salsa bar especially the pickled bell peppers and onions. Beers on tap. Cash only which isn't a big deal if you know going in. Outdoor seating with a tv outside to watch sports games.  

                Finally stopped in here for a late takeout lunch after a long mornings. Everyone obviously raves about the fish tacos - got two to go, and a chorizo California burrito to take home for my roommate.   Fish tacos were tasty, but they gave me fried instead of grilled. I really dislike fried fish so I found myself picking (big!) pieces of fish out... Not really the point. The tortilla, salsas, cabbage and crema sauce were on point though.   Had a bite of my roommate's chorizo Cali burrito - good meat quality (ground chorizo, was definitely expecting diced) and really tasty fillings. For $7.95 in Palo Alto, you can't beat it.   All in all, I'll definitely be back. Not the first review I've read of this location mixing up orders but will try and get grilled next time!  

                Super Fried Fish Taco!  Delicious, light, satisfying. 2 would have been too much for me.  See what other people have said about it or check it out if you're in the neighborhood. I would be going more often if I lived in Palo Alto.  

                fish tacos are the b.o.m.b!! The real deal. Or as my Latin friends say El Buen Sabor!!! The Ten Commandments of Fish Tacos  

