                This place is decent and I particularly go to this location compared to other Shabu Houses more often because of the better chances of finding parking. I would avoid coming here during the weekend or at least arrive a little bit earlier than you expect because there will be a wait, for sure!  Lately, the service at this location have been terrible and the waitresses working there are not paying any attention to the tables around them. Granted, there are times when this place is packed (i.e weekends), but other times when it isn't so busy, we would wait for a long period of time to get a refill on water after flagging them down TWICE. I would suggest to order and ask for everything the moment you order, even if it means ordering a second cup of water, since you won't see your server again until you ask for the check.   The food itself is decent, and I haven't done the AYCE option for $32/person since I am stuffed by the large plate. I usually do a combo with the selection of lamb and Kobe beef. Yum! The small plate/appetizers are good as well and the sauces that go with the food for them vary on the day you go - it's been different each time I've ordered! I really enjoy the lamb and the miso soup is the perfect balance for me. However, I only come to this location now if I am too lazy to drive out all the way to Clement for Shabu Club because of their service.  

                I've been to Shabu House on several occasions and haven't been disappointed with their food.  My first time here was about 2 years ago with my buddy Peter.  Thanks to him for introducing me to Shabu House!  The price is $32/person for the AYCE option.  You can do the regular a la carte dinner as well, but if you know you can eat a good amount of meat, I'd recommend just going with the AYCE...because it just makes sense.  I came here with my family, 2 brothers and two nephews.  I called in to have a table reserved for 7 of us.  When we arrived, we waited about 15-20 minutes before the previous group left before we were able to get a table.  The table they gave us was probably made to seat 5 adults comfortably.  So, squeezing 7 people into a 5-seater was quite uncomfortable to say the least.  But we did get our table, so we can't complain too much.    We ordered 2 plates of the Kobe beef, 1 plate of lamb and 1 plate of pork to start off our meal and I think everyone pretty much killed that off within the first 10 minutes of our meal.  We asked for two types of broth, the spicy miso, which is my personal favorite, and the ginger chicken which the kids liked.  They also gave us 4 plates of veggies, which took us a little longer to kill than the meat.  Having 3 men and 3 growing boys at the dinner table is definitely a challenge because you have to fight for your food if you want to eat.  Of course, we ordered more meat...lol  They all said that they enjoyed the meal.  The meats were good, both broths were tasty and the veggies were fresh.  Service was a little slow, but bearable.  At the end of our meal, they gave us a choice of a scoop of red bean or green tea ice cream.  I asked for a half scoop of both flavors because I like them both equally.  When the bill came, I was shocked because they gave us the wrong bill of $35.98, which I told the waitress I would be more than happy to pay.  Lol  But I told her that there must be a mistake since there are 7 of us so it's quite impossible to be so cheap.  Our real bill came out to just below $300 after tax and tip.  Although it was pricey, but it's not everyday that we go out and enjoy a great meal together.  Thanks to my two wonderful older brothers for treating their favorite (in my opinion) younger sister to a happy meal.  Hehehe  

                Went on Valentines Day and it was already filled up by 5:30 and there were several names ahead of us on the wait list. I've been to the Shabu house in Burlingame and it is a much bigger location. This place has a bar that seats 4 and about 10 tables. I can imagine waiting a long time if you come here for the AYCE because you have a limit of 2 hours. I'm sure most people will get full before the 2 hour limit but incase everyone intended to stay the whole time, you will likely be waiting a while for a table. By the way, the AYCE is well worth the money.   My girl and I had the Spicy Miso soup. It can tend to lose flavor after a while but still probably the best flavored soup. You get a choice of 3 different meats: beef, pork and lamb. All three of the meats were good. The beef was marbled and left a buttery taste. It was really good. You can also order rice, vegetables, udon, tofu, and mushrooms. They also offer vegetarian style Shabu.   The only drawback here is a full stomach and long wait times. Give it a try when you're super hungry!  

                Come early to avoid the wait and save 15%. Shabu House has multiple locations in the bay area. I came here with my family for dinner around 5:15pm on a Saturday night for dinner. We made reservations ahead of time to avoid the wait. Since we had a party of 7, there was 18% gratuity added to our bill.   You have the option of all you can eat Shabu (2 hour maximum) or ordering by the plates.  It was many of our first time at Shabu House although we've had hot pot meals elsewhere before. Not everyone gets there own individual pot and between the 7 of us, we shared two pots. Since there were three types of broths to try, we got a divider and tried the spicy miso broth and the chicken ginger broth. We did prefer the spicy miso broth best. The servers will add additional broth if you are running low.  We then shared 5 large plates of meat (2 kobe beef, 2 lamb, and 1 pork). We enjoyed the kobe beef the best. Each order came with a plate of udon noodles, veggies, and mushrooms along with a bowl of rice. Since there's a sharing fee if everyone doesn't order something over $5, we added an order of agedashi tofu and unagi over rice to avoid additional fees.   After we finished, we were brought out ice cream for dessert. We had the choice of red bean or green tea. You can even ask to get a scoop of each flavor, which we all opted to do. They even serve Maeda-en ice cream!  When we left the restaurant, there was a crowd of people at the door and outside waiting to get seated. The restaurant itself isn't that big with table seating and counter/bar seating.   Going out for shabu is always fun and a different eating experience. The menu isn't very extensive and the service could be better. During the course of our meal, the server only came at the end to refill our water. Overall, I'd come back if I had reservations during happy hour.  

                Used to be one of my favorite places but they're quickly slumping. Food still tastes good but how are you gonna have waitresses who don't know what goma sauce is??  All you can eat is $32 per person but everyone at your table has to do it. Even if you only ordered 1 plate and can't finish it (yes, that happened, ok?) you can't take that home like you would if you ordered a large. The owners would rather throw it in the trash then to make their customers happy. My advice to the owners is to have your waitresses make sure to tell the customer that before they order all you can eat. My bad for making the mistake of not just ordering a large and an extra plate of meat.   Too bad they're really not worth the common hour long wait anymore. Forget trying to have a conversation with the people at your table since EVERYONE is yelling.   Too bad. I'd rather drive further to go to Shabuway.  

                I'm really disappointed in my last visit to Shabu House on Monday.  This was my to go to spot for Shabu BUT the customer service was so horrible, that I'll drive the extra 20 mins to go to another Shabu place.   - When we got there, it was a few mins wait.  - Once we got our table, we ordered right away.   - We got our veggies & soup first. - 15 mins into dinner, we asked the server if our meat was coming yet, and she said it will be there soon. -  I was done with my veggies and GUESS WHAT?! Another server asked us if we were done with our meal! We informed her we didn't even get the meat. - 25 mins into dinner, we asked again because we saw other tables getting their second plate of meat when we didn't even get our first. My boyfriend saw the server ask the server who took our orders about our meat & she said "oh I forgot to put in the order"....(WHAT!?) - They finally put in our orders and got it within 5 mins. SO UPSETTING.   When we got the bill, they billed us for 2 large kobe beefs. I had to correct them that we got 1 large and 1 regular. I really hope they will improve on their customer service and communication.  

                We've been to this shabu house multiple times and the wait times can vary on a Friday night to immediately getting seated (around 5/6), to waiting 15 minutes (7), and waiting almost an hour (8). Every time we've been here we opted for bar seating just because you get your own pot.  My go to is a regular lamb, extra udon noodles instead of a bowl of rice, and chicken ginger broth (basically tastes like chicken stock broth with small hints of ginger soaking in it and then taken out). One time I ordered lamb and they placed a plate of beef in front of me so make sure your meat is correct.  Is shabu house the best shabu I've ever had? No, I don't think their broth is amazing but it's a lot better than other places that have overly salty miso or other kinds of broths.  Service is OK. Whenever we need refills they are accommodating.There's about 2-3 girls running around making sure people get their food. I never see them with much time to spare in between parties coming and going.  

                This is my all time favorite place to go to. Despite the long line sometimes it's always nice to get some warm soup like food during SF weather because it's always so bipolar. I never like to wait if there's more than 2 groups of people waiting but I usually go there around 5:30-6 when it's less empty. Also 5-6 they have a promotion of 20% off I think. The beef here is always usually fresh and so are the veggies. The TV is always playing some sort of sport and the music here is modern and set to the volume where you can slightly hear it but you can talk at the same time.  

                My favorite shabu place of all time! This is probably one of the smaller shabu houses but the servers are super friendly. My favorite person is the older Chinese lady with glasses! She always recognizes me and asks how I'm doing. Because the place is so small it's gets packed! They have happy hour from 5-6 for dinner but if you really want to make sure you get the discount (15% off) you should come before 5:30.   If you've never been to shabu, you pick your choice of broth, size of meat, and then you wait for the servers to bring your broth and wait for it to boil. Then you throw in all your meats and veggies and cook them to perfection. Just a tip for new timers. DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT throw all your meat into the pot at once. You should cook it piece by piece. ( sorry it bugs me when my guy friends throw it all in the pot. Such a waste of good meat) Anyway, this place also offers Ayce shabu for 31 bucks but I can't eat enough to make it worth 31 so I usually stick with a regular, and if I'm really hungry I'll order a large.   The quality of the Kobe beef meat is top notch. I've been here quite a few times and I've never had a complaint about it. Spicy miso is my favorite broth but the ginger chicken is also really good. I like that you can get two different broths if you prefer. Their veggies are pretty standard but I feel like they give you more than most shabu places. Rice is included with your meal if you'd like. Oh! And I love that you get ice cream at the end. Red bean or green tea!  Overall a great shabu place and I'll always come back. (:  

                This Shabu House has the worst customer service by far. My boyfriend and I had to wait over an hour to finally get a table (even though we sat at the bar instead). A waitress knew we got to the restaurant before three other couples, yet catered to them first. All she did was giggle and nervously walked away without saying anything to us (she wouldn't even look at us). She was alert when it was time for customers to pay for their meal, but not attentive when it came to customers that were waiting for an hour for a table. I recommend going to the Shabu House on Geary or anywhere else.  Don't get me wrong.. The food was decent and the environment was family friendly, but if you want better service, go spend your money elsewhere.  

                You have no idea how pleasantly surprised I was to find Shabu House because 1) I LURRRRV SHABU SHABU and 2) My go-to place closed few months ago in the Outer Sunset and I was very deprived of Shabu Shabu and of happiness, jk about the latter part... kinda ;) Until last week, the bf and I randomly took a wrong street on our way to dinner and stumbled upon THIS BEAUTIFUL TREASURE. We quickly found parking (another great plus) and went in. The open sign was lit (it was probably about 8pm), lots of empty tables, the delicious aroma of Shabu Shabu... mhmm table for two please.  SETTING -A good amount of tables, my favorite part was not having to wait. We walked in and were quickly seated, menus and all. -Fast service. We were quickly brought out water and I can't remember if they brought out the ponzu and dipping sauces before or after we ordered. Anyways, it was brilliantly fast.  MENU -Spicy Miso for broth all the wayyyyy! -We ordered two large plates of meat - one combination (lamb + pork), and one beef. Each order comes with a vegetable plate full of cabbage, mushroom, spinach, carrots, udon noodles, etc.  -Bowls of rice. Your meal is now truly complete.  PROS -Fast service. -Garlic and green onion in the little condiment jars for you to add into your soup :) -ICE CREAM AT THE END!! Your choice of Red Bean or Green Tea. Seriously the best way to end a wonderful meal of Shabu Shabu. -They have an ALL YOU CAN EAT option. -Closes at 10pm, pretty awesome.  CONS -Our soup took awhile to boil, I was pretty tempted to turn up the temperature because I felt that it was taking a little longer than usual. That was easy to fix so not really a con.  Yeah, I think I need to go back here, like right now.  

                Had dinner here last night at the bar and I've noticed that this branch may be smaller than the one at Geary but the staff are just as pleasant. If you are a big meat eater, the regular's meat offering might not be sufficient. Beware, though as they really are VERY generous if you opt for the AYCE thus end up having a lot of waste.   Sharing regular/large options is fine but they charge a sharing fee. The free ice cream was a nice touch and you can order half and half of both flavors. I like the adzuki better, though.  The agedashi tofu was more than good with a delicately light coating on five cubes of soft silken tofu snowed in with a decent amount of bonito flakes and nori strips. Was it worth it for approximately $1.10 per cube? Maybe not every time but the flavor surely delivered.  The place gets packed (as any of their branches) even before 6:30 so try to get there early. They only take reservation of party of four and more. Noise level can get on some people's nerves but remember that you eat here for the food not for the ambiance. All in all, good value for money. Happy hour of 15% off 5-6pm purchases is a plus.  

                This is now my go to hotpot place.  Here's why I give them 5 stars.  Best hot pot meat I've had relative to all other hot pot places I've been Simple selection: 3 soup base, 3 kinds of meat Reasonably priced: ~$20 per head with the Regular. Portion: Regular is just the perfect amount for me.  I personally do not like the all you can eat because overeating is bad and ruins the experience. Space: Its clean and spacious  The only thing that typically ruins my experience is the wait.  The wait is horrible, it could get very ridiculous.  Make sure to call ahead and confirm a reservation otherwise be prepared to wait 30+ minutes for 2 people.  

                Don't expect having your name on the waiting list means anything. They will seat people based on party size and table size first regardless of how long you've waited. My girlfriend and I waited 45 + minutes and they continuously sat other people down before us.   Shabu House would earn a solid 3 Stars but due to the horrible service (yes it's that bad), I knocked off 2 stars.  The food is decent and a great addition to the neighborhood. The Broth was slightly under seasoned but the meat were good quality. Would I ever come again? NO, there are better Shabu options in SF with actual customer service. If time is money, don't waste your time.  

                It has been a while since i went to this shabu house. I came here on a sunday night for an early dinner with my family. We came around 5:30. I would thought it wouldnt be that busy, but when we walked in, it was almost pack. We manage to get the last open table and one of the tables was already reserve even though they opened for only 30 minutes. If we had came at a later time, we would have waited much longer since this place isnt big. Of course we got the ayce option when we got seated to our table which cost about $35 per person, thats if you dont get any drinks. Got the spicy miso broth. And got couple rounds of lamb and beef and vegetables. Whenever i come, their foods were always good but it was only  alright when i came few days ago. But the broth usually always have flavor from the meat and vegetables. The ice cream always give a nice touch after the end of your meal. Shabu house is always a cool place to hang out with your friends or family. Service was slow since there were only 2 workers. Will come here again next time.  

                Having an AYCE option is always a gamble for a small girl like me. I always think that I can eat more than my weight, but I always end up not returning for seconds and spending more money than I should..... This is why I absolutely love shabu house.  Shabu house is definitely my go-to place for shabu, and it should be everyone else's as well. Service is fast and friendly - people think that since you cook your own food, you shouldn't tip as much. That's the case with some places, but at shabu house, you can clearly see that the waitresses try their best to make your shabu experience a good one.   Okay, back to my AYCE rant.. Their AYCE is about $20-$30 a person (don't remember) but I usually don't go for it. I think it's mostly because I don't like getting two plates of veggies. It takes up a lot of room on the table.   What I strongly advise is this: get a regular sized plate with your choice of meat (I prefer the beef & lamb), and then add on regular plates of additional meat. We usually get about two or three additional plates of meat and our bill comes to be about $40 which I think is a lot more worth than the AYCE. Also, get the spicy miso broth and add a bunch of garlic. Then add green onions in your ponzu sauce. Sooooo goood!  The best part is the ice cream at the end. Without it, I'd probably be spending more money elsewhere on dessert! Lol happy shabu-ing friends :)  

                Came around 9PM on a Thursday night. Not very crowded as it's near closing but they still served us and didn't rush us at all! The place is definitely quite small and one of those hole-in-the-wall restaurants. Street parking plentiful!  I would DEFINITELY go with the Spicy Miso with the Kobe Beef. For around $20 each person, you can get a whole plate of meat and another plate filled with assorted vegetables including tofu and mushrooms and udon. You can also get rice :)! They also give you two dipping sauces - one more soy sauce-y and another peanut-y. For all this...around $20. GREAT deal right? It's even cheaper during lunch.  To top off your meal, you must get the red bean ice cream. TRUST, Yelp don't lie!  

                Writing an update since I came over tonight. Havent been here in a while and my cousin decided to take me out in celebration of getting accepted into CSUSacramento :D.  Came for dinner and it was a semi-packed house. Since most of the two-people tables were occupied, we decided on the counter. The counter's pretty nice if you want your own pot. It's clean, wide, and right by the flat screen TV. Although, the area where the pot goes in is kinda far, so you actually have to stretch your arm a bit to grab food from your pot.   Since I typically came here for lunch, dinner was a different experience for me. The prices are more heavier $31 fpr AYCE shabu ($17.99 for a regular plate of shabu meat, $20 for a large).   The pot has three types of broth: - Plain water, Ginger chicken, and Spicy miso. There are 4 options for meats: - American Kobe Beef, Lamb, Kurobuta pork, or a mix of two meats. * there is also the vegetarian option for $14.99  I opted for American Kobe beef with ginger chicken broth. Every shabu comes with optional bowl of rice, a platter of veggies(lettuce, spinach, enoki mushrooms, a huge ass mushroom cap, tofu squares, and carrots), two sauces; the sesame sauce and a soy sauce/vinegar mix, and udon noodles. You also get the option of ice cream (green tea or red bean) afterwards.  Overall: the meat is nicely sliced into thin cuts that make it easier and faster to get cooked. The broth does take a while to get warm but eventually it does. When you add your veggies, do be careful because it actually gets really hot. I was surprised however, by the sudden decrease of veggies on my plate. Last time i came, there was lots of tofu squares and even squash slices. But tonight, i only had 4 tofu cubes and nowhere did i see the squash slices. :/   The sesame sauce is my favorite, it actually helps give flavor not only to the meat, but to the veggies as well. The ice cream flavors are always the same, but their green tea and red bean ice creams are both creamy in texture and full of its respecrable flavor.  The workers here are very attentive, despite how hectic it can get in here. Thankfully we came when there wasnt a line! You are definitely paying your money's worth here, you can always conclude that you come in starving and come out full as hell.  

                MMM one of my favorite shabu places! The amount of food they give you is perfect (if you eat everything; meat, rice, and veggies). The meat is freshly cut and not soggy like other places I've been to. This location is pretty small though, I've always had to to wait to be seated. The broth could be better, but the sauces make up for it.  

                mmm delicious american kobe.  Just thinking about the smell and flavor of this basic beef makes me want moar.  Only mistake I made here was getting the AYCE, I couldn't control myself and of course ate a buttload that I didn't need to.  If you're hungry just order the large plate, no one really needs to eat more than that.  

                My friend took me here after he was SHOCKED that I've NEVER had shabu before. He was so surprised and described it as if I was missing out on life.  Shabu House is a chain so there's multiple locations across the Bay Area. My friend loves this location, probably because it is close to his home.  I didn't know what to expect. I didn't even know what to order. He gave me a run down of what to order: a large combo meat plate ($20) lamb and beef with spicy miso soup. As with all shabu, it comes with a plate of veggies, udon, and rice with a complimentary ice cream for dessert. They also provide ponzu and peanut sauce.  Downside is that they don't have ramen if you prefer ramen over udon. And they don't have that fancy split pot, but then again, they only have 3 different soups for you to choose from (plain, spicy miso, and ginger chicken). Another downside is they don't offer a good variety of broths.  We didn't get AYCE because knowing me a large plate is definitely enough to fill me up.  What's nice about Shabu House is that they also offer happy hour, 15% off your entire bill from 5-6pm. They also offer all you can drink too in addition to AYCE shabu for about $40. AYCE shabu is about $30. Prices are average, the same as other shabu places.  The meat was marbled very nicely making the meat flavorful and tender when cooked. The spicy miso was also flavorful.  Service was pretty good. We were seated at the bar where they have built in stoves and TVs so we could watch the game.  Shabu House is pretty average for shabu, but why 4 stars? because my first time was with them and they opened me up to a whole new world :D. I had a great first time shabuing and I've been in love with shabu since!  

                The first time I had shabu EVER was at Shabu House on Geary about 3 years ago, and I loved it!! Since then, i've consistently going to this restaurant whenever I or my friends are craving shabu.   The menu is really simple, you choose your soup base, and meat and size, then you're done and you just have to wait for your soup to start boiling and you can start to grub! I know they also have an AYCE and AYCE&Drink but i've never tried it! I think i'm a pretty big eater for my size and the regular fills me up fine, so I never really thought about it.  I always get the spicy miso (it's not that spicy, but has a nice kick!) with regular american style kobe beef. It comes with a plate of veggies, including lettuce, spinach, udon noodles, tofu, mushrooms, carrots, and enoki. I really like the veggies here except when I get alllll the big stems for the lettuce (am I just being picky..? probably). OH and the dipping sauces!!! Omg the sesame sauce (creamy beige one) is so good, and so is the ponzu! I like how you can customize it with the green onions, garlic, and cilantro too.  Oh! And at the end they give you free ice cream!! I love the green tea!  The service is always pretty up to par here, and they're quick to refill your water (always something I look for... tryna stay hydrated over here lol). I like sitting at the bar because they're always playing espn AND YOU GET YOUR OWN POT! Yeah that's right, your friends can't steal your veggies and meat (ha ha, just kidding...)  Overall i'd definitely recommend this to anyone who likes shabu or even has never tried it!  Btw the lunch prices are cheaper and I honestly think they're just as filling!  

                Seriously, service was spotty.  Food wasn't abundant. Won't be back.  

                I really liked this place! We came kind of late so it wasn't too long of a wait. I dont know how long this location has been open but everything looks fairly new and modern.   The food was so gooood. We came here after a gym sesh ready for an all you can eat meat night! For only $31.00, you get a choice of American Style Kobe Beef, American Kurobuta Pork, or Lamb with a choice of broth: Traditional Water, Spicy Miso, or Ginger Chicken Broth. Served with the typical sesame and ponzu sauce that you can customize with onions, garlic, daikon, and hot sauce. We chose the Spicy Miso & with the first order we got American Kobe Beef & Lamb. That was JUST the beginning as we continued with another order of all 3 meats on the menu. Finally we proceeded to order 2 more plates of American Kobe Beef.   With a grand total of 7 plates of meat, a plate of veggies & udon each, and a bowl of rice each between 2 people, pretty sure the couple sitting at the table next to us [that had 1 plate of meat each] thought we were monsters that had bottomless pits for stomachs. We definitely ate our money's worth. The quality of meat was amazing with a good enough thickness and a generous quantity per plate. The pieces were not so thin that they fall apart when you pick it up like some shabu places.  I did notice the quality of meat slightly decreased on our 6th and 7th plate but its quite understandable at that point. Also our soup was so drenched in meat juices at the end of our meal that it did look pretty nasty. Maybe they could consider having a slotted spoon so that those who order a lot of meat could clean it out a little & refresh with some more broth.  Either way it was delicious to the end. Even got a free scoop of yummy green tea ice cream !  Service was great, sometimes a little hard to get their attention but they are all very sweet and patient.   Highly recommend this place for AYCE shabu!  

                While the food here is really good, our experiences here have not been great. Three stars for the food but no more due to the experience.   The most recent visit, there were three of us. It was pretty busy and when they called our names to be seated, they told us we were going to be seated at a two-seater even thought there were three of us (1 man and 2 women). I asked if this was our only option and they said yes. So would they not serve us if we asked for a larger table? That seems to have been the implication even though we waited over an hour for a table. The other female and I sat on the cushioned side of the table; good thing we are moderately small. The technique of getting food from the hot pot was a bit of a game if arm "twister" though. It also wasn't nice that the ac above one of the seats kept driving water.   We ordered a large beef to share. Later we ordered a second plate. We were not aware that there is a splitting fee of $5 a person and the waitress did not educate us on their rules until our second round. We've been here plenty if times but never knew this rule. Since there were three of us, we we're suppose to order three plates. I am currently pregnant in my first trimester and unable to eat full meals still because of regularly getting sick. Shabu sits well with my stomach but I don't eat a full adult portion size. It was so disappointing to find out we would be charged extra just because I decided to come out to dinner and didn't want a plate of my own. How do they manage having families with children dine in? We could have just ordered three regulars instead and had more veggies!!!  The waitresses were nice but the experience was not fun. I would suggest that there be a better plan for when three people decide to dine together as well as better communication from the waitresses when extra fees are included in style of dining.   Advice: If you want to come on a busy night, apparently they accept reservations.  

                Our group of 3 had a great time here. On a weekday night, we arrived at 6:30 and got a table right away. We chose 2 broths - the spicy miso and ginger chicken. Loved both of them.  One person ordered the vegetarian and it was heaps of fresh cabbage, spinach, mushrooms, and tofu. He loved it.  Could not eat it all.  We also had 2 meat eaters that ordered the lamb and beef. One person ordered the regular size dinner and it was PLENTY of food. The other eater ordered the extra meat order and he was very happy with the size of the meat that came.  The ONLY thing i would love for them to add would be the scoopers I had when I had Shabu Shabu in Japan. That way, your own personal chopsticks never go into the communal broth and it is easier to fish out the small things like tofu.  I thought it was yummy and unique since we don't have any Shabu where I live!  

                One of the best Shabu places in that isn't in freakin sunset or Richmond. Came here last week for happy hour and ordered the all you can eat because it's shabu, it's the only way to go. It makes absolutely no sense to just get one large plate and veggies..........or so I thought. The meat came out in a huge plate and there were like 40 pieces in a plate. It took me forever just to finish that one plate and I thought I was going to give up but my pride wouldn't let me just tap out so I ordered another plate. The second plate was just equally as big. "Why did I just do that? I'm so stupid". I thought to myself. Once again it took me forever just to kill that one plate and then the waitress came by and asked "more meat"?. I was so full and I couldn't possibly eat another piece of meat let alone an entire plate so I looked up at the waitress and said "yes please".  What is wrong with me?!? I was so full that I literally confused myself and stupidly ordered another plate. I killed the 3rd plate with ease actually so it wasn't too bad.  The meat is great quality, one of the best meat I've had eating Shabu. The broth was OK and just had enough flavor but people just dip their meat into their sauce anyways so it didn't matter. The sauce was normal, just like any other shabu place. I also loved the decor of the place. It looks welcoming and they stuck to a theme which was really nice. Will definitely come back here .  

                Shabu house is my favorite shabu restaurant. I always get spicy miso (not that spicy) and American style Kobe beef. Large size is very generous with meat. They also give you a side of veggies, udon and a side of rice if you want. Their sauces for dipping are the best I've tried. Service is always fast and attentive. The restaurant is always clean and smells so good haha. At the end of your meal, they offer ice cream (red bean or green tea), which is perfect because I almost always burn my tongue from the hot broth. Ohh, and 15% off on entire bill during happy hour, which is from 5-6pm!!  

                Pretty self-explanatory.  The slices of meat here are delicious, thin, and fresh.  You can see workers slicing large cuts made to order.  Their choices of broth also adds to the variety of traditional shabu.  The prices are pretty reasonable for both all you can eat and all you can drink.  Spacious upstairs seating, but expect to wait on weekends.  There is ample street parking around the area.  

                Shabu House closes in between lunch and dinner hours. Never going there before, we were warned to get there a bit early because the wait can build up pretty fast. luckily we did. Parking is a quarter for every 8mins, but for dinner time, we only had to pay meter parking for up to an hour because it's free parking after 6pm. Dinner hour starts at 5pm on Saturdays.   We got the AYCE option for $31/person and there is a 15% discount too! That was a pleasant surprise. the 15% discount applies to anyone going in from 5-6PM everyday. It's the "happy hour" option.   The service is super friendly and nice. They were always on top of filling up our waters, asking us if we want more meat or sides, or anything else at all!   The ayce option comes with unlimited veggies and either green tea or red ben ice cream. I love the green tea ice cream!!! The meats include pork, kobe beef, and lamb. the slices were slightly generously thick and fresh. the quality of the meat is very good. It is "on pointe." after a while, other places have meats that didn't taste like it anymore, but this place has tasty meat throughout.   The broth option that we got was the spicy miso broth, which was DELICIOUS. It actually was very good, tasty broth. Other places would just refill the pot with water, but this place would actually refill it with the spicy miso broth itself. The temperature was set perfectly so that the broth was slightly boiling, which was wonderful because it would never evaporate and condense so fast.  

                Bf and I stopped by this place after a long hike at fort funston with our dog. We were starving! The wait was a bit long, but once we were seated service was very fast and efficient.   We both ordered the large Kobe beef meal. The portion was bigger than usual, so I was pretty happy about that. It also came with standard veggies, tofu and udon. The nice additional plus was that they serve free ice cream at the end of the meal.  The reason for 3 stars is mainly because I've had better/more tender meat at other shabu places. I also didn't like how you are forced to choose only one broth even if you have two people ordering two meal sets. This is the first time I've experienced this. We got the spicy miso and it was good, but I would've also liked to try one of their other broths.   Overall I would come back since I love shabu shabu but this place probably wouldn't be one of my top picks.  Tip: You get 15% off your meal if you go before 6 pm! We barely missed the cut off, so definitely something to keep in mind next time.  

                Trying to keep it short for the third location of Shabu House that I've been to..let's see how this goes!  Pros:  *Shabu House is pretty consistent with quality and portions at all of their locations.  Prices too (HH discount before 6PM on weekdays at all locations). *Easy meter parking..try saying that about the Geary location!  Cons: *Service is slower and less attentive here than the others.   *The peanut sauce though the consistency is still the same, tasted saltier than normal. *Smaller then the Burlingame location & I want to say it's smaller than Geary's too.  We got here before 6 on a Friday night and were seated right away, but if you get here after 6:30, you're for sure going to wait.  If you are closer to the Peninsula or don't mind driving I'd suggest the Burlingame location.  I like the Geary location better than this one, but it's easier for parking on Ocean, so pick your poison.  3 stars.  

                =====100th REVIEW=====  Server: Melisa Date and Time: 15 August 2014 5:00p  =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=  I came to Shabu House after not wanting to go to the Burlingame one, and I got there before it was open, so took a look at the menu. The menu was slightly confusing, but I figured it out eventually. Made up my mind to order the all you can eat (AYCE) without drinks, as it is not worth it for someone who doesn't drink alcohol.  =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=  First customer. Was seated, and then another couple was seated right next to us, which was confusing as it was not even busy, and they could have been seated somewhere else. I ordered the garlic chicken base, which was really not amusing, it was just water with some flavoring in it. Was served with a platter of greens and more, including cabbage, lettuce, mushrooms, and tofu. Three cups were also placed in front of us, with one being ponzu sauce (which honestly just tasted like soy sauce), peanut sesame sauce (too much peanut flavoring), and an empty cup for mixing? No idea.  =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=  Water took FOREVER to come to a boil. I felt like I was being punk'd or something, it took like 10 minutes to come to a roar... Anyways, the first meat was American beef, then I ordered lamb, then pork. They were all VERY thinly-sliced, and were somewhat flavorful. Lamb was my favorite, followed by the beef, followed by the lamb.  =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=  Service was not as high as I expected. They were quick to ask what I wanted for my next meat dish, but they took about 10 minutes to get the dish up, which is obviously a trick as you only have 2 hours to eat anyways. At this pace, you won't be served up with much. When I ran out of ice water, it took about 35 minutes to get it refilled... Not amused by that. There was also no clean plates to put the cooked meat on, so you had to finish what was in the hot pot before dunking more in. Servers were disagreeable and obnoxious, and when I asked for more of the "soy sauce", she just HAD to correct me, and ask if I meant the "ponzu sauce"... What do you think, huh? I totally want "more" of something I never had... T_T  Also, the servers took away my empty meat plate at +85 minutes, and never asked me what I wanted again. Even though I paid for 120 minute of endless meat, I only got 85 minutes worth, which is again, just another attempt to cheat customers. Not amused.  =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=  Red bean ice cream was my favorite part. It tasted just like the creamy popsicle you can get from the Chinese stores in the area. Wish I had two scoops though.  =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=  Bill came, 15% off was reflected correctly (for dining early during Happy Hour). Still felt like I was cheated somehow, I cannot quite explain that. This was my first time dining in a time-limit hot pot environment, so I did not quite understand the amount I could eat. Not too amused, wish I had more meat and more time.  =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=  Would maybe return for a special occasion. Parking is best found around the corner (in a more residential area) where you do not have to feed the meter. Come early, the lines really do build up. Make a reservation for larger parties. The restaurant accepts AMEX.  =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=  

                Came in on a busy Sunday night with a friend.  Some folks didn't show up as names were called out.  Luckily we barely waited and got 2 seats at the counter, which were perfect.  Went with the All you can eat, spicy miso soup, and for the choice of meat, nothing but kobe beef all the way baby. My 3rd time having shabu and it's always a treat.  The servers were nice and cute.  I give them a lot of props and kudos since it was super busy that evening.  They were non stop back and forth.  It took a while to get some things but they were multitasking like crazy so it's understandable.    All you can eat is definitely the way to go if you can eat more than one plate of meat.   Felt sorry for some of the people waiting outside, which must have been a good while.   Seems like there were some folks in there before we came and still there after we left.  Had a good time chilling with a friend at the counter, and killing the plates of meat.  Finished with some red bean ice cream.  

                They are no longer under staffed now..thank god.. Guess it works out since Shabu Tonight is no more...(+1)  The waitresses are fast at seating and taking down orders without feeling like you are under the gun.(+1)  Combination portion sizes in comparison to Shabu Club...House is bigger (+1)...  Server: Amy. Efficient, quick and even for someone with a lighter toned voice. With the music and loud and over perfumed female yapping away; I could still hear her ! (+1)  That or my hearing has an advanced filter now Lol.  I still pick green tea over red bean.  

                The services Sucks here. If you're a party of 2 they make you wait forever. And they take a long time to take your order too. The food is good don't get me wrong. But I've been to the other locations and they have better service. Quick tip: lie and write down you have a party of 3 so you get seat faster.  

                I was very excited to come to this restaurant and when we arrived my group of 6 put our name down as went outside to wait, it seemed pretty busy but we were willing and eager! After waiting about half hour the waitress told us it would only be about 15 more minutes, after waiting another half hour we went inside to ask and she told us she had given our table away to a group after us and it would be another 15 minutes!!!  Horrible service! We would have been more than willing to wait if we weren't promised a table and then to give it to another group that showed up way after us!!! I was really looking forward to this place but now I won't be returning ever! Good job losing a customer!  

                eat at your own health risk!!!  the wait time is always over an hour with no reservations available. the staff only pay attention to the larger groups due to the forced gratuity. i found that the broths and soups are stored at room temperature over night! if there's still some left over from the day before, they combine it with the new broths and soups. the staff are very unsanitary! during my 1 hour wait to be seated and 1 1/2 hour dining experience, due to no order taken for 30 mins, i saw no staff member go to the back to wash their hands after bussing the tables. i even saw a single mans broth being poured into the rest of the broth because he left early. this place was a good place about 2 years ago, but now, it's just a money hungry sludge bucket.   eat at your own health risk!  

                Be prepared to wait as it's first come first served now. They will accommodate even when near closing but not all the time.  Good place to go anytime and not just when it's cold out (they have cold beers and sakes for when it's warm). The prices are reasonable and the shabu is as good as their main location...hence beware of long waits since the place is not that big.  If you call first, they'll put your name on the waitlist and you can practically waltz in when arrived. Oops, I've said too much already.  The crowd is geared toward young/high school/college so it's a positive or negative depending on your preference.  

                #Wait time# Got there on a Saturday evening around 6, so there was no wait then. But I did notice that the line started to form around 6:30, so be sure to make reservations or get there early enough to skip the line.  #Menu# The soup options are water, ginger chicken and spicy miso. They also have half-and-half pots, so it is very popular to get half ginger chicken and half spicy miso. The spicy miso can get a bit spicy if cook veggies in it, but if it is just used on meat, it taste pretty mild. All combinations include veggies, noodles, tofu and one or two kinds of meat which is pork, beef or lamb. Two portions are available, standard or large. The standard is slightly larger than Shabuway's, since the price is a little higher. They also have an all you can eat option, in case you have a big appetite. Dessert is complimentary. They have green tea and red bean flavored ice cream.  #Tips# 15% off if order during happy hour which is 5-6pm everyday.  

