                I've eaten with my family many times. One of our regulars for Korean.   Bibimbop, seafood tofu soup, seafood pancake, and bulgogi are our favorites.  Their small dishes are the best of the peninsula Lo'an spots.  

                I love the seafood tofu soup here. The soup has organic tofu, muscles, clams, and shrimp. It comes with rice and side dishes. It's really yummy. If you love ramen, for a little extra, you can get ramen for your soup.  The side dishes are also very good. Some of those wonderful dishes are boiled sweet potatoes, rice noodles, and kimchi.   In my opinion, the soup and side dishes are enough to fill a person up but if you want to add an appetizer, I'd suggest the tofu pancake.  

                One of the best places Korean food in South Bay Area... This is my goto place to have really amazing tofu based dishes... A really great option for vegetarians as well... If you come during peak hours, it's really well packed and you might have to end up waiting for a while till you get your table... If you don't want wait and want to slowly enjoy, off peak hours does the trick... I am not much of a Tofu lover, but this place just makes it amazing... This is one of the very few places, where non-vegetarians and vegetarians can enjoy equally...  I have tried the Crispy Tofu Pancakes, Assorted Mushroom Tofu Soup and the Rice, Beef and Vegetables Bibimbob and all of them were really great dishes... Crispy Tofu Pancakes was a unique experience... Crispy exterior with very soft inside...   Assorted Mushroom Tofu Soup is quite a healthy dish which taste amazing. It has  cream texture and treats your mouth an exquisite flavor. It contains different kinds of mushrooms with tofu, which is as soft as butter.  The complimentary side dishes that are customary at Korean restaurants, is quite note worth here... Thy serve the typical selection including marinated potatoes, beansprouts, kimchi, egg and tofu bites, seaweed, korean glass noodles... Their potatoes have a great soft texture that really melts in your mouth and provides balance of sweet and savory... They are more than happy to refill them as long as you ask.  Just a point to note for first timers, their Hot is really super hot... I am a person who loves spicy food and even then, just HOT made me search for water quite often...  I am holding off on one star because of the lack of the staff can sometimes ignore you, especially when you go during non peak hours...  

                I came here from time to time for tofu soup and it never disappoints me. The soup is good. Size dishes are ample. Good deal.  

                One of my favorite places for Korean Food in the Palo Alto Area. To be fair, there are great choices all along El Camino Real, but this one is quite close to Stanford and has great value.   I came with my family and we ordered: 1. Assorted Mushroom Tofu: For a tofu soup that is healthy, this tasted great with a creamy texture and plenty of flavor. They include different kinds of tofu in the soup as well as soft silken tofu. Comes with a bowl of rice and goes nicely if you lather some of the soup and tofu/mushrooms onto your rice.   2. BBQ Chicken Dish: This was so fresh, straight off the grille. It's also a good choice when you don't feel like the typical Korean BBQ beef or if higher pricing for beef puts you off. The chicken served on a hotplate that kept it warm for the duration of our meal. The seasoning was a little bit on the sweet side, but I loved the onions on the bottom which really brought out the flavor of the dish.   3. Seafood Pancake: I was a little bit disappointed by this dish. I do think that it came out relatively fresh, but for some reason it didn't have that same kind of crisp texture that I had been used to at other Korean restaurants. The seafood within the pancake definitely tasted fresh and I think they achieved a good balance between the elements (ie. veggies, seafood, and dough). I just wish the dough had been a little fresher and crispier.   Finally, I have to mention the complimentary side dishes that are customary at Korean restaurants. The restaurant carries the typical selection including marinated potatoes, beansprouts, kimchi, egg and tofu bites, seaweed, korean glass noodles. They do a particularly good job with the potatoes, great soft texture that really melts in your mouth, and the right amount of sweet and savory. This is one of the major reasons, I love dining at Korean restaurants, so many free side-dishes and So Gong Dong is happy to refill them as well as long as you ask.  

                It's decent but not that great. I came here several times since I live in Palo Alto and never been so in love with this place. Korean food in general are on the pricier side so I don't eat it often.   Came here today and ordered original tofu soup with pork and an order of bulgogi. Meh nothing special. I liked the side dishes but again, I am not in loveee.. I need to love it to want it, u know? LOL  I'd rather go to korean town in Santa Clara and get all you can cook BBQ thats the shit!!  

                Finally got to try this pace since I drive by it everyday! On the way and from work... Every time I drive home the pass this place it's freaken busy and the parking lot always seem so full! So I finally tried it..  We got there around 630 on a Sunday night, the place was half full and they got us seated right away. From there the waiter was very nice and got our order. I didn't know what to get so I just ordered the original tofu soup and my fiancé got the bulgogi dinner.... As we waited we got served a good selection of Korean side dishes and rice. The side dishes were fresh and very good. The portions of dinner were more than what the two of us could finish! My tofu soup was very tasty and the bulgogi was seasoned very well!! My fiancé enjoyed his meal since they gave a sh*t ton of meat on his order! By the time the Meal needed we we're ridiculous ugly full!!! I even ordered another batch of kimchi with no extra cost! So don't be shy to ask for extra side dishes since they give them generously... The food here is served well and good! I would definitely go back and try their bibimbap since that was the majority of my riders I saw with the other tables! Beware ... Coming here during dinner hour can be packed! By the time we left around 730 there was a line out the door waiting for tables... I highly recommend to come early or have the patience to wait!!! Good luck and have a great meal!  

                First time coming here and happy I did. The big parking lot showed this place gets busy and boy does it! We got lucky and were seated right away. But within 20 min there were people waited around the small wait area. Bibimbap was delicious and super fresh. I love the assortment of Kim chi they gave and the miso soup was yummy $30 for the two of us ordering a dish each.  

                We came here at 7:30pm on a Tuesday night, and the place was packed with Asian people -- good sign. They turn the tables quickly so we only had to wait a few minutes to get seated and got asked 30 seconds later if we were ready to order.   I had tofu soup with dumplings, rice cake, and beef,  which was excellent and came out bubbling (I ordered it medium spicy, which was just the right amount of spice), and my friend had the beef bibimbap, which looked awesome as well. The complimentary Korean appetizers are delicious, the food comes out fast, and the purple rice is just how I like it.   The restaurant did not put a lot, if any, effort into ambiance and decor but you come here for the food, and the food delivers. I'm happy to have finally found a good Korean place in the Bay Area -- about time!  

                This particular joint is always bustling and busy, so we decided to drop by and check it out a few years ago. It's really good, and we usually come back here when we're in town.  Portions are pretty generous and flavourful, and service is prompt as it usually tends to be in these kinds of joints. Prices seemed to have creeped up in the past few years. They have a rotating assortment of side dishes so you don't get bored, but some of the banchan seem a bit hastily prepared - a lot of the pickled veggies are cut too thickly to have been fully pickled.   Overall, the food is pretty delicious and the portions are pretty generous.  

                My boyfriend and I had worked up an appetite after doing some skating at the winter lodge down the street and this place definitely hit the spot for dinner!  We came around 8 on a Sunday and were immediately seated.  The service here was wonderful throughout the meal!  We stuck to our tried and true for the first time in a new place and we weren't disappointed with our order of the beef bibimbap and some pork bulgogi.  I love all the sides and was excited to see they bring them out before your food so you can get away with some snacking pre-meal.  They also were really good about refilling when we demolished our kimchi and noodles before our food even came out (which was actually very quick). Personally seeing the tofu soups on neighboring tables, I wish I had ordered one.  They all looked and smelled delicious.  Our pork was perfectly spiced however and the bibimbap hit all the right notes (I'm a sucker for the crispy bottom). Definitely a great dinner and relatively affordable. If I'm ever back in town it'll definitely be on my list of places to go.   Note: I'm not sure the story behind them, but there are very clear signs on the door of the restaurant not to 'leave belongings in your car'.  The parking lot is rather dim/large, but we didn't get any sort of bad vibe there.  Just something to keep in mind if apparently they've had issues.  

                Nice Korean food place in Palo Alto.  Everyone keeps raving about this place! The restaurant is actually quite nice, with a nice homey, cozy vibe, and always seems to be filled with customers even when it's near closing time. The appetizers are reallygood, especially the soft, mushy marinated potatoes....mmmm. The price is ok, and the seafood tofu soup is also quite spicy, which is also nice. This is also one of the few Korean places I've been that serve purple rice, which is a sign of authenticity++  Overall, a pretty decent Korean food place.  

                I would like to give them more stars but on a recent visit, my mom's credit card was double charged. My mom called to resolve and they demanded to see the credit card statement so we went back and the manager saw the double charge on the statement and made a copy. She was to review with owner. Owner called and demanded to see the statement. My mom travels quite a bit and she's already done enough to resolve so we told VISA to reverse the erroneous charge. Too much drama dealing with this place when something goes wrong. This experience has soured my opinion of this restaurant. I won't go back.  

                I didn't realize that this restaurant has multiple locations until I saw the menu! I've eaten at the Santa Clara location many times but the restaurant is called SGD Tofu House, and I just didn't put two and two together.  Anyways, I took my friend to dinner a couple of night ago since she has never tried Korean food and she loved it! She ordered the vegetable tofu and I ordered the seafood tofu. I wish my tofu had a bit more clams and prawns but the flavor was on point. The dinner came with purple rice and 6 sides. Our favorite sides were the pickled cucumber and glass noodles and they bring seconds if you ask them to refill the side dish :)  

                I feel like my meh experience was self-induced. Came here for dinner on a Friday night with some friends around 7. The place had a small line waiting, though we were lucky enough to get onto a table.  I ordered the beef short ribs which probably wasn't the smartest thing to do given that it is called a tofu house for a reason ... anyways the beef short ribs were about $20. The portion was definitely great--lots, and lots of meat, but I felt like the short rib cut could have been much better. There wasn't much actual meat--it was mostly just the fatty not yummy parts. The parts of meat that were there though were delicious. But, that being said, it was pretty expensive and I know that I can definitely get better short ribs at other Korean restaurants for around the same price.   Service was on the meh side in the sense that they met the bare minimum of delivering our dishes, taking our order, etc, but nothing spectacular. It was weird I noticed that every other table had a jug of water except for us.   Banchan was pretty spot on here though. I really liked the japchae and their cucumbers--definitely the highlights.   All in all, it wasn't a bad experience. I think if I come back I would probably just stick with the tofu soups though--they're much more reasonably priced and there's a huge variety.   tldr; okay Korean place, avoid the short ribs, probably just go for the tofu soups  

                We ordered dukbokki, and a chicken hotpot. Both were pretty good and tasty. The rice cake was soft and the sauce matched perfectly.  Always love the chopstick places :D  

                One of my top picks for Tofu.  A bit pricey compared with other Tofu/BBQ places.  

                A good Korean tofu house in this area. I tried their non-spicy beef, shrimp and clams tofu soup and the extra spicy crab tofu soup before and both are very good. Their side dishes are ok but lack variety. Around $15 per person for lunch.  

                Nothing tastes better on a cold and rainy day than some delicious spicy tofu soup! This tofu house always hits the spot. And I'm definitely not the only person who thinks so, because it's always packed! I stopped by most recently at 12:30 on a weekday, and there were a large number of people waiting outside to be called. It's a good thing turnover is pretty quick. These servers work fast!  We were seated around 12:45 and immediately brought menus and water. My friend made sure that we ll knew what we wanted to order as soon as we sat down. I like their complimentary banchan of kimchi, sweet potatoes, jap chae, pickled cucumbers, and sprouts. When it came to an entree, I was torn but ultimately settled on the bibimbap. I like their version because it comes with plenty of veggies. And of course, a beautiful golden egg on top. I got mine with chicken bulgogi which was nicely cooked and just a little sweet, the way I like it. Service was super fast, which we appreciated. I'll definitely be back for the next time I get a craving for Korean tofu soup or other Korean classics. They don't have seafood pancake though, sadly!  

                This is one of my go to places every time I'm back in the Bay Area. I've had many of the menu items and everything I've had is absolutely delicious. There are multiple types of bibimbap, bulgogi, and soft tofu soup. There is also an extensive vegetarian menu.   Every meal starts with a bunch of free little appetizers including bean sprouts, kimchi, potatoes, cucumbers, and clear noodles. The servers always make sure to bring these right away and it's fun to have something to snack on while looking at the menu and waiting for the food. When ordering, make sure not to order too spicy- even medium spice is quite strong. Also, the service is extremely fast and sometimes impersonal, but the food makes up for it.  My favorite items on the menu are the bulgogi bibimbap and the seafood pancake. The vegetables in the bibimbap are extremely fresh and the mixture of flavors is great. The seafood pancake is pretty simple but not greasy like a lot of korean places and has very fresh green onions and seafood. My mom always gets some variation of the soft tofu soup- most recently the mushroom one which was fantastic.   My only complaints about this place are that it is a bit pricy and because of the concrete walls, it gets extremely loud.  

                This place left a very strong impression on me. I was in Palo Alto for a work trip and decided to try something new - bubbling tofu!!   A yelp review actually lead me to choose this place among all that Palo Alto has to offer. It super hot (temperature), flavorful, and comforting.  I was craving this dish for weeks on end and can't wait to go back at some point.  

                Get the seafood pajeon pancake...enough said!  Great selection of solid Korean food  

                It's one of my favorite restaurant in Bay Area. Side dishes are amazing! I always order tofu soup (cheese, crab, and seafood ones are all recommended.)  

                A great place to get your sundubu (Korean tofu soup) fix in South Bay. All of the tofu soups are delicious and have generous portions of meat/seafood/vegetables.  Grab a menu, pick a soup, and pick a spiciness level. Enjoy the banchan (small Korean side dishes) and the kimchi while you wait. Your soup will arrive, piping hot. Crack an egg into it and enjoy your soup with the awesome purple rice! If you're still hungry, you can ask for more side dishes. I personally always get more japchae (glass noodles), pickled cucumbers, and potatoes.  The prices are reasonable and cleverly designed so they round nicely after tax: $10, $12, etc. Great place to warm up with some hot soup on a cold day.  

                I've tried almost all of the tofu soups here and the ones with beef in it are by far the best. The beef infuses the soup with a super delicious, complementary taste that leaves the non-beef ones a bit lacking. My personal favorite is the dumpling and rice cake tofu soup!!  Note: Even if you like soybean sauce to go with your KBBQ, never ever try the soybean tofu soup. You're welcome.  

                This was my first time being in this area...didn't know what to eat or what was good, so I yelped and found this place. So glad I did because it was so yummy!  I'm assuming they're known for their tofu soup because they advertise their organic tofu. Their menu is a 3 page folded pamphlet and two pages are filled with different kinds of tofu soup. My boyfriend got the seafood tofu soup (around $11-$12) and when it's brought out, the soup boils like crazy! He got the medium spice and felt like it wasn't too spicy; I don't eat spicy and tried a sip, but also felt like it wasn't too spicy either. He usually gets seafood tofu soup at most Korean restaurants and said the seafood is fresher than most places.  I got the kimchee stone bibimbap ($13-$14) and I love that the stone pot stays burning hot! I usually order this whenever I go to Korean restaurants and the pot cools down a few minutes later, but the pot was still really hot by the time I was done eating. It's usually served with white rice but asked for purple rice. It looks like a small/cuter proportion than other places, but I ate about a little more than half and boxed the rest. The only thing I didn't like was that the bulgogi was too smooshed together and it was like chunks of rough meat. I prefer bulgogi to be more separated even though bulgogi tends to be in lots of little pieces after being cooked.   The side dishes here are really yummy as well! My favorite were the potatoes, kimchee and japchae. Definitely stop by if you're craving authentic Korean food. Service is very prompt and direct. They don't make the effort to be extremely nice or talk to you. They get what you need, leave you alone, you pay and done. I don't think they come off rude, but don't expect amazing service.  

                I am San Franciscan. I am Korean. Korean food in the Bay Area is mediocre. It really sucks. I swear I go to LA just for proper Korean food. If you have to substitute ... this is one of the few places in the Bay outside of Sunnyvale and Oakland. Reasonable portions and good Tofu. Meats are expensive and mediocre, but just come here for what they're named after and leave satisfied if you have the craving for a good bowl of tofu soup. That's that.   Cheers!  

                Every korean restaurant review has to start out with a complaint about their banchan.  Except this one.  This places' banchan is great.  I'm no expert, but their kimchii is somehow better than other places' kimchii, and their rice is PURPLE.  That's just awesome.  It also comes with a raw egg, which, if you don't know, you crack into your boiling hot soup when it arrives so that it can either poach or become separated into your soup by you poking it enough times.    I got the ManDu Soondubu, which was the standard beef-tofu claypot but with chewy rice cakes and two dumplings inside.  I opted for "medium" spiciness, which, as Kim N. noted, was not very spicy at all.  Temperature-wise, however, BE CAREFUL: this thing was like lava, and the bowl that encapsulates it is unforgiving on any fingers that might stray to touch it.   The soup was flavorful, the tofu silky smooth and delicious, and the various banchan kept the soup from becoming boring bite after bite.  Really a great experience.  This place has a $$ rating, but it's really not that bad considering the banchan you get with every item on the menu.  I paid $12 not including tip and wobbled out of the door very satisfied.  ---  sweet: authentic, tasty korean food.  above average quality banchan. nice atmosphere. bitter: a little expensive if you're looking for a la carte stuff.  

                Service here is quick! We arrived on a Friday night at 8pm and saw that there was a line through the door. We asked the waitress how long the wait would be and she said 5 minutes. It really was 5 minutes until we were seated! Talk about efficiency.  They have your standard Korean small dishes (pickled cucumber, bean sprouts, potatoes, kimchi, japchae etc., but no fish cakes on the day we came! :( better luck next time). They have unlimited refills for these side dishes so don't be afraid to ask for more! We ordered medium spicy tofu pots (#1 beef and #1 chicken) and were very satisfied with our food. The pots came out bubbling hot ready to take in our cracked eggs. The broths were flavorful and tasted great with the purple rice.   Will definitely be coming here when we are craving Korean food.  

                Favorite Korean food place in Palo Alto! I definitely still love Jang Su Jang more, but this place satisfy my Korean food cravings. Yummy tofu soup, decent seafood pancake, and juicy kalbi makes me very happy after a long work day.   Service is okay.  

                Food quality is terrible. The beef was like dog food The seafood pancakes were like cat food  

                The food here is ah-mazing! The boyfriend and I eat here all the time. Usually we order the cheese tofu soup with beef and will split a plate of bulgogi beef. The meat is a little pricey, but really tasty and packed with flavor. They also provide a ton of side dishes at the beginning of the meal: cucumber, kimchi, potatoes, glass noodles, bean sprouts, fish cake... mmmm.  They're also on DoorDash which is super convenient. Perfect for those cold/rainy days when you want something warm, but are too lazy to leave the comfort of home. I just feel bad for the DoorDash drivers... tip extra, people!  

                The food is decent but the service and cleanliness need major work!   Upon entry, we weren't acknowledge until a minute in of just standing directly in front of the hostess counter. Basically had to stare down the staff for water. We were the only patrons who weren't Korean at the time of dining, so that probably explains the lack of chatter and attentiveness.   There weren't any visible doors or windows open, however the restaurant boasted a parade of fruit flies. Later found even more in one of the restrooms which appears to be the huddle point. There was also some questionable goop stuck to the sides of the metal bowls.   Major food poisoning that evening. Wouldn't be a surprised if lunch here was the cause.  

                How hadn't I been to Tofu House yet!   -- This place has amazing food. You have to love the assorted kimchi here, extremely good. It comes with a raw egg! The soft tofu and purple rice, their specialties, are also fantastic.  Everything here is good and you can't go wrong with the food. It's authentic and can be very spicy. I love it.  -- This place has great prices as well. Portions are huge.  The service isn't super awesome and they don't serve alcohol, so they get four stars. But on food alone, this place would have gotten five stars.  You can bet I will be eating here often and trying more things. One of the best restaurants in the area.  

                Loved, loved the Korean food here! Had the Seafood Soft Tofu and it was the best. They were generous with the seafood and the flavors were just right. It was served in a stone and was still steaming and bubbly when served. Also got to crack our own egg into it and mix it around, which was fun. They had unlimited appetizers as well and everything was so tasty! Prices were reasonable and service was good too.  

                Came into town on business and while I was here decided to check out some of the local Korean restaurants. I'm really glad I did for at first I thought this place could only have tofu, which isn't my thing. So after taking a glance at the menu online I came over to see how the stone bowl bibimbap would be. Course I had to start with the potstickers along with the traditional Korean dishes that they put out and I knew things were pretty damn legit just like when I have it while I wasn't Taejon.  Let me tell you the stone bowl kimchi with beef was freaking out standing along with the past occurs and the service was damn good too. I would highly recommend anyone coming in here And trying out the food they have.  When I am back out this way I will definitely stop back in here again.  

                I came during my lunch hour. Surprisingly, it wasn't crowded at all. I was seated right away. The waitress gave me a menu and came back shortly after to take my order. I love if when the service is quick during my lunch break.   I ordered a pork bulgogi pork because the waitress had said that was the spicy one. The water and side dishes came out right away. Yum, I love purple rice :) The bulgogi didn't take long to come out. I had finished my rice and there was still enough pork for two more bowls of rice. The pork wasnt spicy enough for my liking.The sides were good, although sparce. The miso soup that came out with the pork was not hot at all.  I would definitely come back to try their bibimbap and tofu soup!  

                Located off of El Camino in Palo Alto, this place can be easy to miss if you aren't looking hard.    It is set back from the mainstreet.  So Gong Dong Tofu House has their own parking lot so its easy for me to find parking for lunch.  The staff here don't check up on you after giving you the food unless you get their attention.  Like all Korean places, this place gives you sides for your meal.  I noticed they only give you 5 dishes and its a lot less than other Korean places I've been to.  They are known for their tofu here but I never get it.  I always indulge in the bibimbop with the spicy pork.  I love the way the rice gets hard from being cooked against the hot stone bowl. The spicy pork has good flavor but I wish they would give a bigger portion size.  Sometimes I order just the spicy pork lunch because I want more meat instead of the whole rice dish with other veggies.  

                Not sure what's so great about this place.   I ordered vegetable dumpling tofu soup, asked for mild spicy. The soup had only 3 dumplings in it and they were frozen dumplings.  There was hardly any soup too, it was mostly just tofu.  Spicy level was pretty spicy.   The appetizer dishes were also just average, nothing special or tasty.   The hot tea had a taste of chlorine in it, probably from the dish washing detergent.   Overall cost for this tofu soup with 3 frozen dumplings was $13, not exactly cheap neither.  I left this place with a bad taste in my mouth.   It makes me want to drink a coke to rinse off the bad taste.  

                Thank goodness for finding a moderately priced Korean restaurant that serves good food!  You won't spend $50 for two people here.    My husband had a bibimbap and I tried their tofu soup.  Both delicious!  

