                This was my first time trying cioppino, and it did not disappoint. There was no wait when we got there; my friend and I were seated at the bar right away and handed a basket of freshly cut bread. We knew what we wanted to order (the two-person cioppino, of course), and so the service went pretty quickly.   The atmosphere of the place is nice - quaint and cozy but not overtly so. You can smell the seafood when you enter (in a good way). The servers are fairly nice and attentive as well.   Our cioppino came pretty quickly, and it was glorious. You get a huge pot of seafood, penne, and tomato stew; enough to feed two hungry people.   It was delicious. Filling and hearty without being too heavy or dense; it wasn't too salty or rich. Rather it was light, flavorful, and filled with lots of seafood. Pro tip: don't eat the bread as an app. Use it to soak up the delicious stew.   I did see some other diners order the various other dishes on the menu, but they looked pretty unimpressive. I'd just stick with the cioppino here.  

                I had the chance to dinner at this much talked about north beach gem and it did not disappoint. I was looking for an Italian restaurant with seafood as opposed to traditional and heavier family style Italian. Don't get me wrong, the portions here are still substantial; however, given that the past dishes are seafood based asking with the other seafood dishes I did not leave the restaurant feeling like a glutton even though I was full.  We decided to try the clam chowder which was excellent to start and I ordered the linguini seafood special which was excellent. Even better they let you choose tomato based sauce, garlic and olive oil, cream based, or you can even get a mix of creamy and tomato. The dish was excellent, piping hot filled with tons of fresh seafood and the amount and body of the sauce was prefect.   My bell had the crab Diablo special with the garlic and olive oil based sauce and it was excellent as well. Also, light and filled with a whole steamed crab.   I love the fact that the restaurant has a local feel and is not pretentous-just good food.  

                Due to the laze of one of my friends, who happens to live super close to Sotto Mare, I was able to knock off another one of my many, many bookmarks. Shame it was quite the disappointment though. The three of us split:  * Clam Chowder - Not bad, but not even as good as the clam chowder you can get at the tourist traps along the pier, like Boudin.  * Scallop Alfredo Linguine - How can alfredo be this bland?! Honestly, while the linguine and scallops themselves were good, all we tasted was milk and cream, with maybe a pinch of salt. We ended up pouring sauce from the cioppino into this dish to help add more flavor.  * Crab Cioppino - Speaking of which, seriously, how can the alfredo be so bland when the cioppino was so salty?! There was definitely some good flavor in this dish, and pretty fresh (albeit scarce, especially when it came to the crab) seafood, but it could have done with far less salt. I wonder if they accidentally put the alfredo's salt into our cioppino instead?  While the food isn't terrible, there are far better (and more convenient) Italian places around the city, so I can't see myself trekking out this way again.  ***Accessibility Info***  Venue - A fairly tiny and narrow restaurant, with a bar/counter along one side, and tables along the other. Spacing is definitely tight, not only between the tables, but in the aisle between the counter and tables, so maneuverability can be a bit difficult.   Bathroom - Didn't try them, so no comment.  

                I went here last night to celebrate my bday and it did not disappoint!   They had a 45 minute wait but gave us a lobster buzzer and said it would go off when our table was ready as long as we stayed within the block. The wait was actually only 30 minutes (yes I timed it) and the bar said we could bring our drinks with us and that Sotto Mare would return them later.   We ordered the Cioppino for $42 and while it says it's enough for 2, it's totally enough for 3 smaller people! If you're a 250lb football player then no.   Service isn't the greatest but the food totally trumps it! It's easily the best Cioppino I've had and I'll totally be back!  

                This. THIS! This was exactly the kind of meal I was expecting to have at North Beach. Sotto Mare is everythingggg. It's been a long time since I've had a meal in what felt like an authentic Italian comfort food restaurant. I felt like I was eating at my Aunt's house, at the small table in her kitchen. It was so comfortable! It was definitely cozy, but I never felt crowded.   We were seated after a relatively short wait (about 45 mins? We had a drink at the bar next door) and greeted at our table with a basket of deliciously crispy Italian bread with butter. Looking around, the place was packed. Oldies were playing on the stereo -- just the kind of music I'd find playing at my relatives' houses.  Now, let's talk about the food. The food is OUT OF THIS WORLD. There are only a few things on the menu (compared with most other Italian restaurants), but clearly these items are all executed extremely well. Everything on the menu was fresh -- fresh pasta, fresh fish, fresh shellfish.  My fiance couldn't resist trying a bowl of their Chowder as an appetizer. It was thick & hearty with lots of fresh seafood & bacon! It was creamy & had a really nice peppery flavor to it. And okay, yes ... I really liked it too. (I know, I hate soup! But seriously! It's really THAT good.) It's a generous serving for an appetizer, but if you can afford the room, I highly recommend it.  Now my fiance insisted that we have dinner here because of the Cioppino, so that's what he ordered -- even though it is offered for two! It was absolutely epic, and considering that I don't even like soup, I really liked it. That should tell you how amazing it is. Plus, I think that "for two" is a conservative estimate, because I think it could have served 3 or 4 hungry Italians easily. The giant bowl was filled to the brim with shellfish, fresh fish, fresh sauce, & a generous sprinkling of fresh basil. He was blown away by how good it was -- probably some of the best he's ever had.  I know what you're thinking: "Did she just watch him eat everything?" Of course not! I ordered one of my favorite foods: Linguine with Manila Clams. And I can offer you a first-hand account of how amazing this dish is. I've never had it so fresh, and so delicious. The pasta was perfect, the Manila Clams were exquisite, and the sauce was lightly creamy with just the perfect amount of fresh roughly chopped garlic (which, if you're Italian, you know is a lot of garlic). And once again, of course, the dish was topped with fresh herbs. I had a really hard time *not* eating the entire bowl. My gosh, this was the absolute best linguine & clams I've ever had in my life.  We practically rolled out of the restaurant when we were done. I almost didn't want to leave -- I was expecting to move to a plastic-covered couch for coffee & cookies! It's kind of amazing that Sotto Mare can have a charming, "homey"-feeling restaurant and still serve excellent, top-of-the-line seafood dishes. Our experience was just amazing, and I'd go back in a heartbeat.  

                I was about to claim our lobster buzzer as a pet and give it a name after carrying her (yes, female) around with me at the neighboring bars. Handled with care, of course. Unfortunately, my lobster-sitting time came to an end after we checked in with the two friendly hostesses in the narrow entrance two hours after receiving her.   The liveliness of North Beach gets only louder and hotter as you get funneled into the restaurant. While the outside tables offer breathing room and the opportunity to have your food ogled by hungry passerby, at the counter (where we sat) you'll be hit full force with the sights, sounds, and smells (oh, the AROMA!) of what I hope are authentic Italian seafood plates. Before you complain about how cramped and small the counter must be - let me note that two of us were able to fit a bread basket, our water pitcher, a huge plate of Sand Dabs, two dinner plates, and the legendary Cioppino between us (our cup of Chowder had already been whisked away). It's not a roomy situation, to be sure, but wide enough to fit your dining needs. Did you forget that you were in an Italian restaurant?   Before setting down a bread basket with thick slices of bread, our waitress warned us to go easy as there was a lot of food coming out. Of course the wait did nothing to help my common sense, so we made fast work of the bread while alternately admiring the multitasking abilities of the chefs and the crowded wall of old-timey photos and nautical trinkets. There was no more bread by the time the Clam Chowder came out about 10 min later, which turned out fine because it was seasoned just right, and the consistency was as chowdery as they come.   Our Crab Cioppino and Sand Dabs came out at the same time another few minutes later. This was my first time eating cioppino so I have no authority to claim it as the "Best Damn" cioppino, but I love hearty, balanced soups and this giant bowl was one of them. It's piled high with all sorts of goodies including scallops, shrimp, and (of course) crab legs, as well as heaps of penne pasta. Although I do wish there was less pasta and more of that delicious tomato soup, we underestimated the weightiness of the almighty cioppino and couldn't finish it.   Eat the Sand Dabs while they're fresh out of the kitchen! The first one I had was all crispy deliciousness. Later, after a few rounds of cioppino, the thin slices became soggier and the oil was more prominent than the flavor of the fish itself. I was tempted to eat the whole pile of cooked spinach since that was pretty much the only vegetation in the meal, but my stomach was protesting pretty loudly at that point. So in case you were wondering - not a vegetarian-appropriate place.  We had fantastic service the whole time we were here. Laura and the other hostess (sorry! forgot her name) are equally welcoming and funny, and I felt like part of a big, garlic-smelling family. Seriously. Go to the bathroom to escape the noise and heat and you'll realize that all the olive oil seems to have evaporated and settled into your clothes. Even though the all-black toilets look like dark holes, even they can't suck the smell away.  

                These are one of those places that everybody seems to flock to in San Francisco. We decided to come here because our first choice was overbooked; yet the experience ultimately became one of the most memorable dinners during our trip.  We ordered oysters and some other appetizers but of course the star of the show was the cioppino. The savoriness of the sauce combined with a delicate balance of fresh seafood was the perfect sample of west coast Italian food. While the wait was somewhat ridiculous (over an hour), the food was indeed worth the wait.  

                If you are in San Fran you must give this place a try. This place has up to an hour wait. If you plan of coming to end of the evening the fill turn you away they are so busy. I had pleasure of dinning here and the wait was so worth it. If you are seafood lover you are in for a real treat.   As we all know San Francisco is know for it's sourdough toast and clam chowder soup with a lot of beautiful attractions. Whenever I am in San Fran this one of my many places to eat at. It has the NY vibe with the open kitchen view.   I highly recommend for starters the clam chowder soup or Crab Louis salad. The oyster are great as well. For the main dish you must try the signature the crap cioppino. They have couple vegetarian dishes. For all the pasta seafood lovers you are in for a real treat.   They don't offer desert. If you are craving sweets you have plenty of places around restaurant. Hands down one of the best seafood restaurants in town.  

                Came here for the cioppino, a really big portion size and definitely enough for two. Filled with seafood and a wonderful tomato seafood broth and some penne. Will make you wishing you had room for more!  Other dishes I saw when there looked amazing. Risotto would be something on the list to try, you get a heaping bowl full! They don't skimp on portions here! This is a place that serves both quality and quantity.  

                We got served some bread that was relatively hard, not warm, and lacked much flavor.  Also tried the West Coast oysters but boy it was lacking much flavor and it was pretty metallic tasting and the juice in the shell was really salty. After having the oysters at the Tomales Bay, I didn't realize how "not so great" these oysters were.   Everyone seems to be getting the Cioppino for two people so I was expecting big things with this dish. Sadly, it was overhyped and it was just okay for me. The seafood although relatively generous in portion, the quality just wasn't there for me. Most of the items were overcooked which can happen when making a stew as each seafood item has different cooking times so can't really blame them but like I mentioned I was expecting something mind blowing but it was not to be. Don't get me wrong that it was not bad and it was well portioned for two people but when I hear something is their signature, I expect big things but it just wasn't there for me. It was nice and hearty but the seafood was not cooked perfectly. The pasta that was served in the Cioppino didn't taste that great and really lacked flavor and didn't seem to gel with the Cioppino stew so I ended up not really eating any pasta from my Cioppino.  Seafood is so delicate which is why I tend to prefer eating them raw when possible as overcooking seafood is just a huge turnoff for me.  If I come back, I'll probably skip on the Cioppino and try their pasta dishes.  

                With the recent change of ownership, the seafood loving masses can rest assured that the food at SM has not suffered in the least.  SM is still a neighborhood gem that doles out the freshest seafood this side of the sea.    What rocks...  The cioppino.  THE STAR of the menu.  Saveur Magazine featured the cioppino in their December 2011 issue (the Italian Christmas issue).  It really is that good.  The sand dabs.  Tender & moist.  A specialty here.  Seafood linguini.  Another specialty here.    I'm actually not a chowder person, but everyone loves it.    Pasta is always al dente.  They have this down.  The crab.  The oysters.  The salmon.  You just can't go wrong here.    It gets crowded, & it's so small...make a reservation for sure.  Sit at the counter if you can.  I love doing this for some reason.    Still a must do if you love seafood.  5 stars.  

                Although the space was cramped and it was really loud the food was really good for the price.  My family and I came here for our Christmas dinner and we all left happy.  The hostess was extremely friendly, our waitress less so but still not the worse service I had. More importantly, the food!!  We ordered the west coast oysters on half shell (they didn't have the east coast), the best damn crab ciopinno for two ($41), mussel/clam steamer ($21), linguine with manila clams ($19), linguine with seafood ($19) and a bottle of trebbiano.  I highly recommend the oysters on half shell and the best damn crab ciopinno!  The oysters were so fresh I could've probably ate a whole dozen by myself.  The best damn crab ciopinno had crab, mussels, clams, shrimp, you name it.  I think my favorite part of that dish was the broth, it was flavorful but not overly sweet or acidity like most tomato broths.  The wine was also good and a great pairing for the night.  The mussel/clam steamer was not as good as I expected it to be, but I am comparing it to the maine's steamers.  For the price and quantity I would just opt for the ciopinno.  The linguine with manila clams was good, but definitely not the highlight of the meal.  Unfortunately our waitress forgot to order the linguine with seafood but by the time we finished everything else we were already too full to eat anything else.  Can't wait to come back for my second round of fresh seafood!  

                I use to see signs to this restaurant all the time back when I volunteered at a clinic over the summer. I never knew what cioppino was, but after looking it up I got extremely excited because...I LOVE seafood!   Came here on a Saturday night around 6 PM. There is a line to the hostess to simply get your name down. They give you a lobster buzzer (which I named Mr. Pinchy, like from the simpsons) which allows you to walk around block, or even go to the nearby bars to wait. I was estimated around 20-40 mins, but we didn't get called until a little over an hour.   Now here is a breakdown of the food/service! FOOD - Raw oysters : we ordered both the west and east coast raw oysters. I wasn't able to tell apart which one was which, but the smaller ones were definitely the best raw oysters I ever tried. Would recommend!  - Cioppino : This is my first time ever trying cioppino but I am not a fan of it. For those who never tried it before, I would describe it as a tomato seafood pasta soup, with crab, mussels, clam and squid.  I personally prefer a more flavorful thick sauce rather than a tomato seafood soup. It was good though, but not my cup of tea.  - Clam chowder :  This was not the best chowder I ever tasted, but it was decent. It supposedly had bacon in it, but I didn't really taste the bacon in it? The soup consistency was a little runny, which might be why I thought it lacked in flavor.  SERVICE:  They are busyy! The store was small, but the service was not that great. We asked for a drink menu and it was never brought to us. It took us about 10-15mins before we can get the attention of the waiter to ask for the check.  

                This place has so much character.   I've been here twice now, and I've tried a few things, but I've yet to try the cioppino yet, but i'll be back for it some day. There is seating inside and outside, and inside there is table or bar.   The oyster shooters were pretty good. The steamed mussels/clams were delicious (white wine broth). Clam chowder was good. Raw oysters were fresh! All the seafood I've had here was quite fresh. Good selection of beer for seafood.  My most memorable moment: Upon my first visit here, I came in relatively close to closing (I mean like an hour before). I stayed a while and while they were cleaning and shutting things down, they played the song "Who the F**k is Alice" by Smokie. There comes a part in the song where it goes "Alice! Who the f**k is Alice?" and all the waiters and waitresses and some of the customers (regulars I guess?) sang along to it. The whole place paused for that, and it was superbly awesome. Everybody was having a good time and good vibes all around.   Summary: Good and fresh seafood, good vibes, good beer; what's not to love about this place?  Recommended and will return!  

                Best cioppino ever!  Bf and I randomly walked by one night and randomly decided to dine here. This place is pretty small inside so I'm assuming theres usually a wait. However, the night we went it was only about a 10 minute wait. I forgot which day I went. Anyway, we ordered the cioppino and risotto to share and even then it was too much food for just the two of us. I recommend double-dating with others. I've never been a huge fan of cioppino really. I had it once at The Cliff House and wasn't impressed, but Sotto Mare definitely changed my mind. Theres a lot of seafood in this dish. The risotto was really good as well.   I wanna go back...  

                This place is so authentic  The only minus it's the parking.  But the food. Service and people awesome  

                MMMMmm the pasta here is delicious ! We ordered the pesto with prawns and the linguine with chef's choice (mussels, clams, shrimp, octopus) and both were so creamy and savory. I loved that the seafood was fresh and juicy. The pasta portions are huge so sharing is caring :p  The clam chowder had a lot of clam in it which I also loved, but I wish the consistency was thicker. It still tastes great, especially with the complimentary bread. Careful though, the crust of that bread will cut up the roof of your mouth like no other ..   I recommend you make reservations, otherwise be prepared for a wait. We came on a Friday night and this place was crackin!! The inside of the restaurant is really cramped so if you can, just wear layers and sit outside. Service was a little slow but they're extremely friendly and treat you like you're regulars.   You know a place is good when you're excited to eat the leftovers as soon as you get home ... Hahah definitely had a great experience here.  

                I came here and good thing I made a reservation! This place is in Little Italy and this place is impossible to find parking. Trust. It is terrible and you should just give up and go straight to a parking garage. The one I went to was less than 5 minutes away and it costs 6 bucks for 1-2 hours. Reasonable I guess. I made a reservation at 6:30 and it was just a breeze. The place is small inside and if I arrived then without a reservation, the wait would probably be over an hour. They give you cheapish bread but it holds you down while you wait for your food.   1) Cioppino- This is a big ol pot that costs $44 or so. This is loaded with so much seafood including crabs, squid, clams, mussels, penne pasta in this tomato sauce. This could be a huge pasta dish soup that tastes good but not crazy knock the socks off. The seafood was plentiful and still very good. I would get this because it seems like a classic Italian dish that I do not see at like Macaroni Grill. Two people can split just this and still have leftovers but my group of three wanted to try more. 2) Sand Dabs- this is pretty much grilled fish fillets that taste a bit buttery but are still very flavorful. There are a few bones in there so watch out. I would get this to try it out even though it costs over $20. 3) Risotto- This has squid in there and is buttery as heck but that is what risotto is. I needed carbs in here so this was a good dish to have. I would possibly try the pasta dishes since those look super good.  The people here are super nice and friendly- the waiters and the fellow guests :) Make sure to find gelato in Little Italy after ;)  

                CIOPPINO = EVERYTHING!!!!**** totally enough for 2 for $42 which is reasonable for how great it taste and the amount of seafood you get! not stingy AT ALL, me likey.  came here for lunch on a monday and we were seated right away.  service was nice and the food came out pretty quickly  can't wait to come back and get own so i don't have to share and try the scallops too :)  

                I tried this place twice just because I couldn't believe my experience compared to the amount of great reviews for this place. What is going on? My first time I tried the cioppino, of course. Our waitress was great with recommendations. She advised that we share the cioppino, which ended up being more than plenty. Flavor wise I wasn't impressed.   The second time around I came in with a larger group I thought I would try something else. I ordered just the mussels and everyone else ordered a pasta dish. None of us left full or satisfied. The mussels were over cooked, and the flavor was extremely plain. In a group of 5, you would think one person would at least be happy with their order but it just didn't happen. A few of them were from out of town and felt like this place was more of a tourist spot, and not a local spot. I would agree 100%. Service the second time was a bit disappointing. The waitress seemed inexperienced and as if she was in a great hurry. We were also sat at the table downstairs, which surprised me because I didn't know they were that spacious. Being downstairs I felt like we were a bit neglected. It was difficult to call for a waitress and get our bill.   I won't be coming back. I don't believe in third chances.  

                Very nice people and a comfortable place in a good location.  I sat near the door and heard person after person say the place had been highly recommended to them. The meal I had was pretty poor, though.  I had 3 raw oysters, 3 clams, iced tea and a plate of sand dabs. With tax and tip it came to $40. At a nice place that is what I would expect to pay. But what I got was not worth anything near that amount.  The sand dab dish was very generous but the fish had too much flour and tasted like it was cooked on a grill that wasn't clean. It came with some hunks of broccoli rabe that had burned garlic on it. Not pleasant.   The raw shellfish plate was a loser. On the one hand it was very cheap, with the clams and oysters costing $1.50 each. The oysters were mediocre and the clams were just supermarket Manila clams, which are not very interesting to eat raw and they were not fresh. They opened them poorly and they put the shells on the plate sideways so there was no liquor in them. They were like little strings of dry clam.  I love seafood and have eaten a lot of raw shellfish. I don't think there is anything more delicious than raw clams, full of clean tasting juice and tender meat. But that's not what I got.  

                Great Cioppino! For $41 you get Cioppino for two people. Awesome food! Looking forward to trying out the rest of the menu!  

                Place is great. Seating is tight and you'll have a bit of a wait to get a seat but it's worth it. Their buzzer thing that notifies you when your table is ready works the whole length of the street, so grab a drink at one of the nearby bars and be patient. Service is super quick considering how packed the place gets. Staff are great. Had the lobster ravioli which was delicious and the mixed seafood pasta that was cooked perfectly. I would highly recommend this place!  

                The oysters and cioppino were both top notch.  The oysters were fresh of course, and the west coast price of $1.50 each is reasonable considering the quality.  The base of the cioppino was full of flavor, and although I had never had cioppino with pasta before the Italian take on one of my favorite dishes was well received.  With the right company, I'm sure all lovers of seafood would enjoy an evening at Sotto Mare sharing a cioppino.   My girlfriend and I sat at the bar which was a good opportunity to see many of the delicious meals that were also being served.  Everything that came out of the kitchen looked great.    I would like to come back for lunch for the clam chowder and halibut, which like everything looked very fresh.  This is definitely a restaurant that could make the trip out to North Beach worth it  

                The food is filling and fresh.  Is the taste that amazing not really. Has a very home like feeling.  The staff was very friendly. It would be nice to have the option of table vs counter presented by the hose. We got seating in front of the kitchen on the counter. I will try to this place 1 more time just to make sure i didn't miss anything Cioppino - very big will feed 2 half crab and linguine - the linguine was done perfect bottle of wine  total cost with tip $114  

                Had to come to the place that claims to have the best cioppino in SF.  The place itself is in the heart of little Italy and its very small. It reminds me of a 50's diner actually.  The cioppino itself was great and comes in a huge pot that definitely feeds two. It's a seafood party inside the soup with clams, mussels, fish,shrimp,and crab. There's also some penne pasta thrown into the mix. The waitress even ties a lobster bib on to you because its a messy affair when you start eating it. Overall, the taste was good, but I don't think it was worth the $42. It needed some more spice and just more flavor in general. But still, i love seafood in general so I was happy eating every last drop.   Still a place worth going to at least once I say but its gonna be pricey.  

                No matter how on time I was, B was always ahead of me. Finding parking in North Beach was not difficult, not really, except for today. I had to route to the residential areas and walk back onto Green. We've eaten at restaurants on Green a number of times, it seems, and every time it's been great. This place often had a line, and it was the restaurant B wanted to eat at for his birthday. It did not take reservations and you couldn't put a name on the list until both parties arrived. No matter, we got in and they had counter space for us. I handed B a small birthday goodie bag including a German birthday card. I scribbled on it last minute, he struggled to read it, just then the menu arrived.  B informed me that he had gone on a no carb diet, trying to lose some weight to look more attractive. I wanted to say that every CEO / Founder I knew in this town had been on it and everyone of them wanted to look better. Is that a prerequisite for middle age men running startups? They wanted to be successful in both front - career and appearance. B had nothing to worry, he looked like he was still in his 30s. But still...   Staff promptly delivered bread and it remained untouched by the two us throughout the meal.  B said that on his actual birthday a large bouquet of carved fruit and chocolate basket arrived. Shipped from California to Pennsylvania, where he was working at at the time.  It also came with a much better handwriting card, and it ended with such sentimentality that put mine to shame. That card said "I love you more with each passing year." My card ended with "Pardon my doctor-style handwriting." That basket of goodies came from his elusive girlfriend, whom I've yet to meet, and from the sound of it, no one had ever met her. With that thought, I took a sip of water. Damn no carb diet.  From the counter, where I sat, I could see them shucking oysters. B promptly ordered a dozen. They were bigger than the usual tiny ones, and I was about to say "Thank goodness they were substantial" when B beat me to the punch. It was exceptionally fresh and rather tasty.   Seeing that we'd not seen each other for a while, we covered the basics: work, family, trips, anecdotical facts and hearsay about friends we may or may not have in common.  Just like that, we were caught up.  B said that it was said that the restaurant was famous for sand dabs so he got that. I went for Rex Sole. Both came with vegetables and both were delicious. The no carb diet makes you appreciate restaurants that offered variety, especially when the said restaurant was an Italian one.   The last few times we were on Green street looking for food, there were always lines out of the door for this restaurant, but we were spared of such treatment today. A Brit sitting next to us by the bar inquired about our dishes, and was also giddy that he got in without much wait time.   While B busied with caring for his young son this past weekend, I was busy with my own activities. I told him about the woman I met at a party and how I liked her, though I did not take down her name or number when the evening ended. He smiled broadly and was visibly entertained by my story as he ate every piece of his sand dab.   For reasons I could not recall I was pissed at him last year during his birthday, and I did not take him out for food. But over the years we'd done many birthday dinners, first his, a Leo, then mine, a Scorpio. He was not a fussy eater so I could afford to be more casual about it. Here, seafood at this place was exceptionally well prepared with a very San Franciscan feel to it. I was happy that we got into this spot where B had wanted to go for his birthday.  Earlier this year, while in Boston eating food in North End, I was feeling melancholy and lonely for some reason. B sent me a Youtube song, it was Keren Ann's Not Going Anywhere.  Ever since returning, I find myself frequenting North Beach for San Francisco style Italian, often with B.   As we were saying goodbyes, I couldn't help but wonder which card he liked more, my scribbles on an avant-garde German art card titled "der Flug" featuring bats and a larger than life Dracula flying through the darkened sky, or that neatly written floral card accompanying the gianormous fruit and chocolate basket from his alleged mystery girlfriend.   As if he could read my mind, he all of sudden stopped on the sidewalk, "I love that you wrote 'Iche liebe Diche.' on the card." He rattled off those words like a native. Air froze for a second. And then he spoke again, this time, more deliberately: "Iche liebe Diche." I blushed.  

                Wow! the best cioppino I've ever had.....and I eat a lot of cioppino everywhere. The service was also great from both the hostess and waitress. We also had the sand dab which was cooked perfectly but I would not recommend ordering it with the cioppino since it is a mild tasting fish and gets overpowered by the heavy hitting cioppino.  

                Well I am so glad it didn't close once it was sold. The new owners have kept the decor and the recipes. I did notice more seafood in the cioppino and the price was a little higher. It's still a bargain for all the seafood you are getting. Two or more people can eat from this dish. We ate cioppino till we were about to pop. Also ordered the baccala spread, carafe of house white, and the green salad. I was so happy they hadn't closed I will have to go back and try it again. I want to make sure that I didn't confuse blissful nostalgia with the same recipe the previous owners used. The green salads are simple and I eat it only to eat the thousand island dressing they serve with it! There is a new waitress on the boisterous side. I like her. It's a crowded spot once it gets going. Perhaps she will grow to like it.  

                I was looking for great Italian in north beach and found it!  There was a bit of a wait,  but it was worth it.  This place is such a small joint.  They have a deal worked out with local bars so I could bring in my beer from the bar down the street once our table was ready.  Everything sounds delicious on the menu.  I ended up ordering oysters on the half shell, cup of clam chowder, and sautéed shrimp and scallops.  The oysters were obviously very fresh and I enjoyed the attention to detail on the display.  The clam chowder was flavorful and heavenly!  The broth was tasty and light.  Not like some of those heavy cream ones.  Once again the seafood tastes so fresh.  The sauce on the sautéed shrimp and scallops was devine!  I had to get an extra basket of bread to soak it all up.  I couldn't dream of allowing any of the sauce to go to waste!  If you have the time and money,  this is the place to go for Italian!  

                Went on a couples trip to SF and this was the first place we ate at for dinner.  My girlfriend had already been to Sotto Mare before and spoke highly of the place (she tells everyone who's traveling to SF to eat at Sotto Mare).  Service: We were there on a Thursday night (before Valentine's Day) and the place was busy.  Luckily we made reservations (a month ahead of time). We arrived promptly at our scheduled reservation and they were still setting everything up.  They comped us a free glass of wine which I thought was appropriate for our waiting experience.  They seated us within 10mins of arrival. The waitress was good and got all of our orders right.   Food: The CIOPPINO.  It is THE. BEST. This is by far the best seafood I've ever had. The mixture of the crab legs, mussels, shrimp, scallops, callimari, tomato broth, noodles, was PERFECT.  We ordered two bowls and finished both.  Overall, this is the type of place you tell your friends about.  When I'm in SF again, I'll definitely be going back.  

                WOW. I cannot say enough good things about Sotto Mare. Its authenticity, warm service, and wonderfully sourced seafood brings me back to times when I was traveling (or eating) my way around the Italian Coast...  My boyfriend and I started off with massive West Coast oysters. I forgot where these were from, but they were HUGE. Normally, I prefer smaller and juicier oysters, but these were fresh and a great way to open up our appetites.  For our entree, we had the cioppino to share, and it was exactly like it was on the menu--the best damn crab cioppino! It came out piping hot, aromatic, and it was stuffed with all the best seafood goodies: squid, whole crab legs, mussels, clams, shrimp, and scallops. I've never had such a flavorful or loaded cioppino. They even had pasta mixed in, which I loved, as it really picked up the flavor of the stew and was a nice carb addition. Extremely filling for two people, and if you haven't hit your limit yet, just dip some of the bread in the amazing stew to soak up every last bit without having to lick your plate clean. It's a less embarrassing way to get your fill ;)  Service is really nice and gives you that family-run, homey feeling. They don't hover over you, but are prompt with requests and getting what you want out to you. Will definitely be back; next time, I want to try one of their pastas or the risotto (if I can tear myself away from that AMAZING cioppino!)  

                I cam here recently with two of my other old close high school friends looking for a fun and casual place to enjoy good food and catch up. My friend from SoCal wanted to try something "San Franciscan" and luckily E suggested Sotto Mare. I had definitely heard of the place many times before, but this was my first time actually going there.  For a group of three, do what we did, and you will be left satisfied and happy! We ordered the Cioppino and the Smoked Salmon Fettucine with half red/half white sauce. Both dishes were superb and the perfect balance of fresh soup and hearty pasta. The complimentary bread that night was also Dutch Crunch! I rarely see that at restaurants. Yum.  The restaurant is definitely crowded and service can be hectic, but as long as you don't go in with high expectations you shouldn't be too disappointed!  

                Clam chowder- will knock you socks off!  Cioppino- Holy Cow! Da bomb! $41 but large portion for two. I am a cioppino oficionado. I take pride in my own home made ciopinno.... Until I took the first spoonful of this cioppino into my mouth. My hats off to the establishment. When you are willing to fight over the pot of cioppino with your loved one and face the consequences later, then you know how good it would be.   Service- very attentive  Ambiance- kinda place where while you are slurping spaghetti noodles the guy next table gets whackedby some Italian goomba.  Very cozy and old school atmosphere!!  Excellent choice  

                I tried to get into Sotto Mare last year but couldn't. So this time I made reservation a week in advanced to make sure. I looked so forward to coming here and waiting all vacation to visit this place.  Walked in and it's a small main dining area with a few tables and a long counter to sit at. I did notice they had a back room and not sure how big that was. Interesting. Lots of pictures on the wall and the kitchen is in the main dining area.   We knew exactly what we wanted and started off with bowls of clam chowder. Oh my goodness. Best clam chowder I've ever eaten. Every spoonful has tons of clams with potatoes and bacon. So tasty. So much goodness in a spoon.   We weren't that hungry cause we're basically Foodie out so the three of us split "The Best Damn Crab Cioppino". My goodness. Can you say heaven in a bowl. Cracked crab, mussels, shrimp, calamari, scallops, clams and pasta in a tomato sauce. Cooked to perfection. The crab was easy to pull out of the shell. You soak up the sauce with the sour dough bread. Oh my goodness. This dish lived up to its name.   My son ordered the Linguine with Manila clams in a cream sauce. I got to taste his dish too. Pasta was so fresh and perfectly cooked. Clams were excellent. Very good dish but the Cioppino was hands down better.   Service was very good. Waitress was very friendly, knew the menu and very casual. She made you feel at home. Thy put jars of water at your table so you can fill your own cups. Food came out really quickly. Finished dishes were taken off the table quickly. So we had a really great meal.   Our old go to seafood restaurant used to be Scoma's, but I feel Sotto Mare is hands down better. Better food. Better prices. So if you ever have a chance, you got to try this place. It's the BOMB of seafood. Oh yea make a reservation to make sure you get in.  

                Make a reservation and avoid the wait. I've heard horror stories about the reservation, but I didn't encounter any problems. Always a mystery when that happens. Obviously show up on time and don't be late.  That being said, small cozy kitchen a la most North Beach restaurants and just the most amazing Italian seafood you'll find in the area. If you have to have one thing all you need is a cioppino. Nice portions and almost shareworthy, but oh so good I wouldn't ;) DEFINITELY come check out Sotto Mare.  

                Came here last week for my friends birthday. Her and I split the Best Damn Crab Cioppino, it was SO much food and absolutely delicious. $42 is expensive for one entree, but it's an insane amount of food and perfect for sharing. Full of different shell fish, noodles, and a tomato wine sauce. Service was good up until we were left waiting 20 minutes for our check. Will definitely come back again to try the lobster.  

                Called in at 11 am on a Friday post thanksgiving to make a reservation and they only had 1:30PM open so I took it. Walked in at 1:25 and was immediately seated. Presented with bread and butter.   We ordered fresh oysters which were amazing and the fresh clams were not so good. We also ordered linguini with seafood which contained a lot of seafood with a decent sauce. However, the pasta was way over cooked and not al dente at all. Far from Italian pasta. If you've been to Italy, you know what I'm talking about. -1 star here. In addition, we ordered steamed clams which contained a lot of clams as you can see in the picture. However, the broth was so salty we couldn't even use it to dip the clams in. We asked them to remake it, to be less salty. When they brought back the new dish, it was completely unsalted which we didn't ask for. -1 star here. Final thing we ordered was the seafood risotto which had a good flavor but nothing too special.   Pros: portion size is huge Cons: pasta is not al dente and remake of clams was tasteless without salt.  

                This place has that diner feel with their nautical decorations and cozy atmosphere. Came to get oysters and also ordered a clam chowder. Oysters were nice and fresh and weren't small like some other places I've been to. It was a first to see my oysters swimming in some water still but gosh, they were delicious. $1.50 for the west coast ones and $2.50 for east coast. I haven't tried east coast to see the dollar difference yet. Chowder was alright and they gave a bread basket when you first sit down. There's olive oil and vinegar for you to dip your bread in and also some butter.  Mostly I would just come back to get oysters if I was ever in the area.  

                Came here with the wife, mother in law, brother and a friend on Sat night Jan 31st 2015.  Called too late to make a reservation (I would NOT suggest doing this as Sotto Mare is super popular), but totally lucked out as a big group cancelled and we got seated outside.    Food was AWESOME. Get everything, as it's all great.  Knock yourself out.  

