                One of those local neighborhood bar that I would find myself going to. Friendly bartender that will strike a conversation with you, make your drinks the way you like 'em, or even suggest something similar.  Great find, do check them out!  

                Great neighborhood spot for dinner! I like that they make most things in house and source locally.   Musts that we ordered:  Mac n cheese and the peanut butter ice cream for dessert! seriously order the peanut butter ice cream! Sooo good! It's the 4th star.   Other items we tried: The risotto was good but pretty rich with cheese and we also ordered the pork loin which was tasty. We had the chocolate cake and I could skip that next time. Service was great!  

                I planned a trip to SF just to have brunch at Tipsy Pig, but I will be back for dinner at Street!  We ended up here after deciding we wanted to end our night at Vertigo and walked along Polk looking to grab some food beforehand. We were immediately sat at a table for 3 against the window by a manager and greeted by our server, Carly, shortly thereafter. She helped us pick out a bottle of wine that we all loved and started us with the truffle ravioli appetizer. The ravioli is exactly what I will be back for. It was phenomenal; mind blowing; life changing! We then got a couple of mixed green salads (with perfectly cooked beets) and a Caesar salad. Followed by the Mac & cheese with chile which gave it a fun kick, and the paparadelle bolognese. Everything was great, but when I come back I'll be ordering the entree size of truffle ravioli and the Caesar.  

                I've eaten at Street a couple of times. The first time I had the burger and sat at the bar. Tonight, my landlady took me out to dinner for the holidays.  They don't take reservations, so we took it upon ourselves to just stroll in around 7pm on a Tuesday. The place was moderately populated and we got a great table near the bar, far enough away from the front door to avoid the chill. In fact, I ordered a hot tea and the water was also lukewarm.  The service was general. Not particularly personal, not particularly neglectful.... util dessert was brought to the table, but more on that later.  We started off with the fried calamari app. My landlady immediately commented that the portion wasn't anywhere near what it used to be. It was also particularly lukewarm. In fact, all of the food lacked heat, like it sat a little too long on the kitchen counter before making it to the table.  For dinner I ordered the "Big Salad" with steak, medium well. This was basically a romaine salad with a creamy dressing. It wasn't big. Seriously, I'm not exactly a size queen, but if you're gonna call yourself "Big" make sure what you whip out measures up. This was a average sized dinner salad with avocado, radish and tomatoes. Now, this was a good salad, with a decent amount of meat and it definitely filled me up. I do feel like it could have had more lettuce and a larger presentation for little to no more cost.  I also added a side of fries, and I have to say, Street makes my favorite kind of fries. The are large cut with the skins on, not large enough to be steak cut fries, think larger versions of In & Out. The right amount of crunch and meat.  For dessert we shared the bread pudding with caramel sauce and pecans. Delicious!  Here's where the service tanked. Our dessert was delivered and we didn't see our server again for a long time. Now, this is not a large restaurant by any stretch of the imagination. 2 Servers work all of the tables in the joint. The service had been decent up till this point, but from the time we finished dessert to when we finally settled our bill, I could have solved Sunday's NY Times crossword puzzle.... And I suck at crossword puzzles.  All and all, not a bad experience, but there's definitely a lot of room for improvement here.  

                Outstanding. The Brussel sprouts appetizer was one of my favorite appetizers of all time. The lemon cheesecake was light and flavorful - amazing really.  

                I came here last Friday night for a girls' dinner and had a great time. The place was full when we got there but the wait time around 7pm was only about 20 minutes, just enough time to grab a drink at the bar before being seated.   My sister ordered the burger and loved it -- she did feel that the additional toppings like cheese/bacon/avocado were a bit steep, but she didn't regret ordering it after she was done.   My friend and I shared the truffle ravioli, a clam and mussels dish in a garlic sauce and a tasty mixed greens salad. All were really good, but the clam and mussels dish stood out. We both wanted more bread just to dip in that amazing sauce.   Overall, we really enjoyed it; the atmosphere was lively, service was good and we'll definitely come back.  

                The two stars mostly go to our server. She was very accommodating and sweet.   Drinks were putrid - we ordered a cucumber martini and a basil lemon martini. They were both so bad we had to return both of them after one sip. Food was barely good enough for us to finish. we ordered Caesar Salad (all we can taste is black pepper), Mac & Cheese (the Mac is very doughy), and a Clam & shrimp lingrine (the shrimp is very old and tough).   Overall, Not a fan of this restaurant at all, and will never go back.  

                Had dinner yesterday in this small restaurant.  Read just good things in yelp about it so i wanted to try it by myself.  Had a burger and the big salad with new york steak.  The burger was solid, tasty. 5*  The big salad wasnt as big as expected!;( and def. not enough to eat for this price! But it was quiet good and the beef very juicy! So i would give 3.5-4*  

                We came in here as a group and were all very underwhelmed by the food and service. I'm not quite sure how this place has such a high rating, but I know that we won't be returning.  

                I love this place. You know when you ask your server for suggestions and you get a bland response? Not here. Our server was full of feedback and very helpful.  My wife had the Dungeness crab and shrimp cakes, which were yummy, and I had the bolognese. The noodles in the bolognese were perfectly cooked and the sauce was extremely tasty. I can't wait to try other dishes here.  The atmosphere is casual, but still upscale enough to feel like you are treating yourself to a night out. There is obviously a lot of care put into the menu and service. Highly recommended.  

                Small restaurant, great food.  Sat at the bar for dinner. Service was prompt and friendly.  Appetizer: fantastic mac and cheese! Dinner: pasta with beef in some kind of French sauce (apologies for the vagueness: this was a couple weeks ago, and I'm not exactly conversant in all the sauces of French cooking. The word "bouillabaisse" keeps coming to mind, but that's a stew, not a sauce).  Also, relatively inexpensive by San Francisco standards.  

                The burger was solid, as was my wife's buttermilk fried chicken (apparently a limited item). Nice cozy atmosphere, and really reasonable prices.  The peanut butter ice cream was fantastic, but it was with a peanut butter cookie. If they had put it with warm chocolate cake, I probably would be bumping this up to 5 stars on the strength of that alone.  

                Fantastic spot!  I can't believe I did not know about this place after living in SF for so long.  The food is fantastic and the service was very courteous.  The menu is printed daily when the chef arrives and everything is so delicious.  Great cocktails too.  

                Mediocre food that took forever to make. Ordered the calamari appetizer first which took about 5 minutes to get to us. But time between ordering and getting the entrees was more than 30 minutes. We ordered the steak and bolognese which were both ok. Service was excellent and atmosphere was good but ... Maybe the kitchen was experiencing some issues although I've also read in other yelpers' reviews about the excessive time it takes for the food to get on the table.  

                I have been here for million times, and this review is way long over due. This restaurant is by far the best restaurant in the area, it's been around for 15 years and the owner John is such a pleasant man. The food is always good, drinks are decent and the price is cheap.  

                **Review is for drinks only.**  After a horrible drink down the street, we came here. It looked promising, but it fell short of what we were hoping for.  The bartender was friendly and personable, and our drinks were ok, but nothing special.  This placed looks like a great neighborhood restaurant. Although not a destination restaurant, probably a good choice for people living in the neighborhood.  If i lived nearby, I'd definitely come here for dinner. The menu sounded good, and they were busy pretty late into the evening.  

                For as simple and modern as Street is, I wish there were more places like this along Polk Street.   Ambiance and noise-level are perfect for a casual but refined dinner out or date spot.  The cocktails are delicious and beautifully prepared.  My go-to is wine, but these cocktails are not to be passed up!   I understand that they just changed up their menu, but from my experiences, here's what I'd order again should I have the opportunity :) -  1. Crab and shrimp wontons  2. Steak salad (huge and very fresh ingredients) 3. Calamari 4. Burger  All in all, Street provides a great dining experience inclusive of the atmosphere, service, and food. Cheers!  

                What a pleasant surprise.  We were walking around looking for a place to eat and this popped up on yelp near us. No reservation but they fit us in. It is loud. But we were able to sit close together so we could hear each other. The food is what is so great about this place. Started with the house made salami plate. Yum. Then I had the salad with steak. So great.  Generous pieces of steak on top of a romaine salad. Just perfect amount of dressing. My husband had the lamb chops which looked beautiful.  We finished off with the peanut butter ice cream for dessert.  Incredible. And the drinks we has along the way were very well made from the bar.  Lots of couples and groups eating there.  

                Came here on a Friday night around 7:30.  Looked busy, but they sat us right away at an available table. I had the burger which was cooked perfectly medium rare, as I had requested.  My boyfriend had the prime rib, which he said was very good.  I ordered the prosecco, and when it came time to ask for another glass, it took a while to arrive.  The waitress brought it over and explained that this second glass was on the house because they were out of the original one I had been drinking and had to find a replacement and it took longer than it should have.  I didn't mind at all, and that kind of attention to detail and customer service was greatly appreciated.  Great atmosphere, quite dark, but a good date night spot for sure.  

                My lovely wife and I enjoyed yet another casual meal out at what is quickly becoming a neighborhood favorite of ours.   The martini to start was very well made and poured, and certainly went down easily enough.  I do prefer Brussel sprouts pan fried to crispy perfection a la SPQR but have repeatedly ordered Street's par boiled or steamed version; probably due to the cayenne pepper aioli sparingly ladled atop the sprouts.  And then there's the wonderful hamburger prepared medium and charred; served with a side of crispy fries. It's well plated and will scratch that itch.  She who must be obeyed ordered the salmon atop greens and the dish seemed to hit the sweet spot as this was the second time in a row she ordered that main.  Street's decor, ambiance and atmosphere remind us of an Izakaya restaurant and that, to us anyway, is comforting.  The food of course has nothing to do with Izakaya. It is American faire, plentiful, tasty and served with a smile by a very friendly front-of-house staff.  Street is becoming a local favorite and we recommend you give it a go if you find yourself walking along Polk.  

                This restaurant is exemplified by what they hand make everyday: sausages, pasta, infused vodka, and every dessert they serve (these are just the examples from our groups order). A couple thoughts on our experience  -They don't take reservations, and the seating area is small. We arrived at six when food service began and got right in, but the place filled up fast -Definitely have a cocktail or two(or three, no judgement), the drink menu is a mix of classic and modern drinks. The sparkle barbie (complete with a colored sugar rim made to look like sparkles) and the yellowtail were among our group favorites -the dinner menu changes a bit nightly. I had the burger and my wife had the tagliatelle bolognese, the burger was perfectly cooked,  juicy and full of flavor. The handmade tagliatelle was perfectly al dente nestled in a tasty bolognese sauce -Service was slow, but in a good way. The waitress was attentive and we felt comfortable. -the desserts were perfect. The desserts earned this place their 5 rating. All made in house and all equally delicious. We tried the bread pudding, Meyer lemon cheese cake, and hand made peanut butter ice cream. Devoured within seconds.  This place is a must if you are in the Russian Hill area  

                It might seem crazy what I'm 'bout to say. Sunshine she's gone, but you can still take a break. I'm a hot air balloon that could go to space With the air like I don't care, baby, by the way.  Because I'm happy... Come along if you feel like a room without assholes. Because I'm happy... Clap along if you find like happiness is the true NY steak. Because I'm happy... Clap along if you know what the medium rare NY steak is to you. Because I'm happy... Clap along if you feel like that's what you want to do!   Here comes good news, talkin' this and that. So Please give me all you've got, and don't hold it back Well, I should probably warn you, I'll be just fine, No offense to you, don't waste your time, here's why...   Because I'm happy... Come along if you feel like a room without jackasses. Because I'm happy... Clap along if you feel like happiness is the great calamari. Because I'm happy... Clap along if you know what the calamari is to you Because I'm happy... Clap along if you feel like that's what you want to do.   Bring me down... every thing... Bring me down...  your price is not too high ... Bring me down... every thing... Bring me down, I said (let me tell you now) Bring me down... every thing ... Bring me down... your food is so good ... Bring me down... every thing... Bring me down, I said...   Because I'm happy... Come along if you feel like a room with a great service. Because I'm happy... Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth. Because I'm happy... Clap along if you know what happiness is to you Because I'm happy... Clap along if you feel like that's what you want to do!  WE HAD A GREAT DINNER THERE!   The 25 bucks medium rare NY steak w/ fires was perfect medium rare. The 10 bucks Crisp flash-fried Calamari w/ spicy thai dipping sauce was so good!  We had a bottle of Red Zin, 37 bucks, was really good, forgot the label but we have been to the vineyard for wine tasting few years ago.  We had a wonderful service. I'm glad we were back.  

                Came in late on a Tuesday night around 9:30pm with two friends for my last meal before leaving SF for a few months. We were promptly seated and all the tables/chairs were arranged in an intimate fashion. The server was polite and recommended the sausage plate, which I ended up getting. It was delicious and the portion was sizable! My friends got the risotto, which I tried. It was extremely well prepared - one of the best risottos I have tasted in a while. The dark storm is the drink of choice for anyone who is a dark rum lover like myself, and it couldn't have been better. The decor, atmosphere and music all matched to provide a cozy and intimate dining experience. Extremely pleased with the food, restaurant and service.  

                My boyfriend and I had originally made Reservations at Bobo's, but after arriving at the restaurant, decided we wanted a different atmosphere for his birthday dinner.  I yelp searched "steak and beer" and landed on this place!  What a nice, relaxing, warm environment!  The bartender (Monica) was very helpful and friendly, the patrons were so friendly (we made friends with the owners of Za pizza.  Real cool people.), and the food was absolutely delicious!  We started with macaroni and calamari, savory smooth cheese with elbow macaroni, and the calamari was flash fried, light and slightly salty!  I had the big steak salad mid rare- the meat was cooked perfectly- SO filling yet light enough for me to walk away feeling satisfied but not over stuffed- just wonderful.  My boyfriend ordered the meatloaf and garlic mashed potatoes- and he raved about his food as well!  We will absolutely be back- maybe on a Sunday next time, I hear the fried chicken is a must!  

                This place is extremely LOUD. Absolutely ruined our experience. The owner needs to fix the acoustics because it kills the experience. I couldn't wait to get out of the restaurant. We will no go back.  

                I've been going here for years and street has never disappointed. By far the best Burger in the city, but anything you get will be damn good.  

                3.5 Stars   Came here for dinner on happenstance (being in the Russian Hill neighborhood). We did not have reservations but the wait for four was around 5 minutes on a Friday night at 8PM. Not too shabby. In those 5 minutes at the bar I felt like I was too close to a couple having their Dungeness crab cakes and so I felt intrusive and suddenly it hit me how small and narrow Street is. Other than that it felt very nice and intimate - a great place to have a date night. The dim lighting also added to the ambiance. However it was really cold still so I had to keep my coat on.   Luckily the table for four was not cramped and tiny and we did have a lot of room at the table. Good service overall - the waitress was very friendly and happy to give her recommendations.   My boyfriend and I weren't too hungry after coming from Amelie and having lots of tapas there so were shared the seasonal smoked turkey black eyed pea soup and an entree. It was very hearty and flavorful - hint of spice after taste that lingered. Kind of pricey for a small serving of soup though ($9)  For our main we had the Grilled Hawaiian Ahi Tuna which was yummy but not exceedingly remarkable. The fish was grilled nicely, the mashed potatoes were especially garlicky and textured (which I like) and the green beans were not too overcooked. It was a lovely meal and presentation but not a lot of food.   Our friends got the fried calamari and the shrimp linguine but I'm allergic to shellfish and did not try those dishes. They were disappointed with the portions though.   Although we did not call in I would recommend doing so just to see how long the wait would be because the restaurant got packed as we were finishing up our meal. Especially if you're a party of 4 or more.  

                Street is one of those prototypical, dimly-lit bar/restaurants that cater to the bro community on Polk, except that it's actually good.  They serve good old-fashioned American fare for the God-fearing patriot - classic dishes like burgers, steaks, mac 'n cheese and pork chops.    The steak was a perfect medium-rare, as was the burger.  Prices are reasonable, and every member of the wait staff is carefully attentive.  This place makes me proud to be a goddamn American  

                I do my best to judge restaurants on what they promise and how they measure up to that promise. Street doesn't pretend to be anything more than it is: a casual neighborhood restaurant serving comfort food, done perfectly. It's not gussied up or pretentious, but has the self-confidence to be what it is, and I love it for that.   I make Street my go-to for a quick weeknight dinner with a friend or a bite to eat alone at the bar (service in either case is friendly and attentive). A few of my favorites:  Fried chicken with homemade mashed potatoes, a deep, meaty gravy, fresh corn, and cake-like cornbread is only served on Sunday and Tuesday but always hits the spot.  The steak salad, which is dressed with a nice lemony dressing, big slabs of flank steak, and potato chips for croutons.   Shrimp and crab cakes, topped with a corn and bean salsa, and medium-cut, perfectly cooked fries.   Across the board, you can't go wrong.  

                Definitely one of my new favorite restaurants in SF! Great service, lovely ambiance, cute, cozy, & quiet. I came here with a party of 4 and we had a wonderful experience. The wine was great and the food was delicious! I recommend trying the mushroom risotto, so amazing. The Brussel sprouts are also a must!  

                Very excited to try this cozy New American spot on Polk, but was severely disappointed.  The food was very average-- good but nothing impressive or something you'd tell your friends about. Definitely not worth the pricey menu. I tried the risotto, fried calamari, crab cakes, and burger and they were all underwhelming.  Beyond the food, the atmosphere was almost as disappointing. The restaurant was very cold and uncomfortable from the door to the back. The wait staff was unfriendly and stoic, despite our attempts to enjoy the evening and make it a fun night for everyone.  I won't be back to Street.  

                Where do I start!! I'd love to start with the clam and rock shrimp chowder but let's start from when I walked in the door. I was offered a table but knew instantly that I needed to sit at the bar with the heart of the restaurant. I could almost hear her praises from the polar opposite side of the world and what I heard was AMY AMY AMY!! I hardly toot horns but she was so on top of not just the drinks but the menu as well! If you have a night to spare or just a spare hour stop by and say hi!! P.S. The souffléd goat cheese and arugula meal is over the top!!  

                Just a burger? Just a burger? it's so much more than just a burger. I, I mean, that first bite. Oh what heaven that first bite is. The bun, like a sesame-freckled breast of an angel, resting gently on the ketchup and mustard below. Flavors mingling in a seductive pas de deux. And then, a pickle, the most playful little pickle, then a slice of tomato, a leaf of lettuce, and a... A patty of ground beef so exquisite, swirling in your mouth, breaking apart, and combining again in a fugue of sweets and savories so delightful. This is no mere sandwich of grilled meat and toasted bread. This is God, speaking to us through food.  

                If you know of a better burger in San Francisco, please let me know. I've yet to find it and I've had plenty. The burgers here are outstanding!! The mac 'n cheese, flash-fried calamari with spicy thai dipping sauce, and fried chicken (on Sunday nights) are also great. And the food ALWAYS comes out piping hot! That's a major plus in my book. Wash it all down with one of their signature cocktails and you'll be good to go. The Moscow Mule with house made ginger syrup and the Manhattan are both excellent. If you're looking for a casual spot with a friendly vibe and good ole fashioned comfort food, look no further.  

                T'was my boyfriend's birthday last night and it was the perfect spot!  It was a little past 9:30PM when we arrived and the waitress informed us (kindly I must add) that the kitchen was closing up in about 15 minutes (closes on Thursday's at 10PM) but never hassled us about choosing quickly like they do at many restaurants.  Everything was very prompt and yet amazing!  I was sure that the food was "iffy" because it arrived so quickly after our rather tasty Martinis.  My boyfriend had a regular Lime Martini while I had the Fig, which was rather delicious.  It made me remember why I love Martinis so much.  The food was absolutely delicious.  He ordered a pasta dish with large pasta noodles and pork, beef, and mushrooms.  I ordered a burger since I wasn't in the mood for the NY Steak I'll be ordering next time.  I have to say, I've had a lot of burgers in my life and this was easily top 5.  I'm sure it was partially because of the perfectly toasted bun but mostly it was the meat.  It felt like every bite I took, two more bites worth of hamburger showed up.  It didn't look as big as it tasted!  Does that make sense?  Anyway, I actually couldn't finish it!  I pushed it, as well.  I was full about 5 minutes before I gave up.  The salad was huge too.  It was fantastic portions for one place!  Pricing was fantastic for location.  Oh yes, the ambiance!  It was small, which made it nice and casual and not a lot of conversations you feel like you have to scream over.  The art on the wall was fantastic mixed-media on canvasses.  They had a theme that showed a lot about the artist.  They didn't have signatures so I have an idea that someone who works there created them.  This may sound funny to you but there was a red light that panned the very front of the place on top of the door.  It was small but it projected a slightly red glow over us and our table and was oddly soothing.  The lighting was rather low other than that but I'm a fan of dim lighting so was definitely happy about that.  I truly felt like I was in a cute, nice but casual, out-of-the-way restaurant in a big (although may seem small in diameter) city.  I love living here and this place just added to that.  Oh, sadly one detail that I forgot to mention--I don't know if their heater was broken or if it was just so chilly outside that it was on but you couldn't feel it.  Like I mentioned, it's a cozy, small venue so when the door opens and it's cold outside, a big breeze is going to take over for a second but either way it was slightly uncomfortable from time-to-time.  Dress warmly in the evening.  Well, my novel of a review now comes to a close.  I don't know if Street is consistently as great as last night or if others will find it as enjoyable as I did.  All I know is that my boyfriend and I had a blast and it was a very wonderful addition to his birthday.  I can't believe I couldn't finish a burger... so perfectly and deliciously filling...  

                Food was fantastic and at a good price. I had the new York steak and it was easily one of the best steaks I've ever had. My wife had the macaroni and cheese which was also excellent.  

                had dinner with a colleague. The place is nice but food and drink are surely not better then OK. Maybe it was depending on the dishes we took, however as a restaurant, if you have it on the menu it should be great.  

                Second time in the last month that I wandered in here.  SOLID 4 stars.  My buddy just moved back into the city, we were hungry, burger night at Goia was packed we jumped into Street.    Waiter, super nice, asked about our drinking desires before my big ass hit the seat.  I like his style.  I wish I could remember his name but full disclosure, we had been doing some dranking.  We concluded that a bottle of red would be well accompanied by our Clams, Pot Stickers and Calamari...I know, Philistines drinking red with seafood..whatevs.  All the food was good, clams were delicisioso!  I could have taken a bath in that broth.    Like I said, Solid.  They are a good go-to.  

                Aftering checking Yelp reveiws, my wife and I visited Street over the weekend and we're thrilled we did.  We arrived early and decided to have a drink at the bar.  We were greeted by a fantastic bartender named Amy, Saint Amy in fact.  She was extremely helpful in selecting beer and wine, and made appetizer suggestions.  All the suggestions were perfect and we decided to sit at the bar for dinner.  Again, Amy was very helpful with dinner suggestions. We ordered the wontons to start, and enjoyed the tuna and sausage sampler for entrees.  We followed that up with bread pudding for dessert-all delicious.  The restarant is relativley small but they do take reservations.  If you have any trouble getting a table, I would strongly suggest grabbing a spot at the bar and enjoying a clear view of the kitchen where John prepares masterful yet simple meals, and the company of Saint Amy.  

                It is a small place on Polk which is a busy corridor for restaurants and wine bars. I had the fried chicken which was fine. The mash was superb, but overall it was just a mediocre meal. Nothing particular wrong with anything, but not much to write home about either. My foodie friend, Sara, would say, "meh"  Pricing was a little steep considering the quality of the meal. Drinks were hefty but expensive. I would recommend this place if you're local but I would temper expectations.  

