                This is truly some great authentic sushi. I would recommend coming here for those wanting a true sushi experience. Do not expect to come here and be out in 20-30 minutes.  Most people are here for at least 1-2 hours minimum.  This is an experience in itself and Aki-san is truly a masterful sushi chef. He knows best how sushi should be eaten.   The place, though big in size, only fits about 12 people and all are seated at the sushi bar.  It's HIGHLY recommended you make reservations to ensure that you have a seat. We got lucky and did a walk-in.  Essentially the place is run by Aki-san and his wife. Aki-san is very interactive with all the customers. His wife is very nice. Since it's only two of them, expect good service at a casual and leisurely pace.    We did Omakase A, which was 12 pieces of Nigiri Sushi that Aki-San chose for us.  Everything was cooked to perfection. I finally tried Uni (Sea Urchin) for the first time. Though it looked a little "scary" it tasted AMAZING. It was one of the highlights of the Omakase meal! Throughout the meal, he explains each sushi and recommends how to eat it and how much, if any, soy sauce is needed.    Price is definitely reasonable for the quality but it's definitely not cheap. There is a minimum of $40/person but that's easy if you just choose the Omakase!   Sushi lovers, you must try this place!!!  

                I thought the omakase was great. Aki-san choose and explained all the fish/seafood used for each nigiri.  My favorite was the cold smoked salmon and the blue fin tuna belly. So delicious.  This has to be one of the better places to eat sushi and sashimi, as he sources his fish from all over.  Yes, I like to get fish from Tokyo fish for my everyday sashimi. But Sushi Sho is a treat for me as I can expect great quality fish from Aki-san.  

                I've heard a lot of good things about this place so we decided to give it a go. We decided on the Omakase C, which is the 16 pieces of sushi. I didn't eat lunch just so that I had room for it all. We had 5:30 reservations which was good because dinner lasted 2 hours and we got out just in time as it was a week day.   All of the sushi was good. But one of favorites had to be the uni which was very creamy. The chef said that it came from Maine. The hotate was also very sweet and delicious. The chef said it was from Hokkaido. Also, he has a cold smoked salmon, which was my absolute favorite of the evening. It didn't even need any soy sauce. It had a very flavorful smoke and salt flavor. Highly recommended. I actually ordered an ikura and a iidako (baby octopus) after the 16 courses were done. I just wanted more. The iidako had a sweet soy sauce on it and it was different as I never had it on sushi before. I say get it if you're in the mood for something unusual. I'd order it again.   The sushi chef there is very interactive with his customers. But it's a husband and wife show so be sure to give yourself some time as the food comes out at a leisurely pace.  I think I have found my favorite sushi place on the east bay.  

                Not for bargain seekers, or anyone in a hurry. Sushi Sho is a commitment in time and money for a master's touch. If you are serious, get the omakase - the 12 is fine, (12 pieces of the most perfect negiri I've had in memory) but I personally like to go a bit bigger so 16 for me.   Make reservations Expect to wait, he only serves 10 people at a time, and does not rush. Prepare to be educated. He will tell you exactly how to eat what he serves.   Its about a 2 1/2 hour commitment at least.  

                Ever since I watched Jiro Dreams of Sushi I've been dying to try Sushi Sho. A master chef who will open my eyes to the delights of real Japanese cuisine and the beauty of fresh raw fish? SIGN ME UP!  Sushi Sho used to be a restaurant with a first-come-first-served basis, meaning to get a seat here, you'd have to wait for hours in the cold. Thankfully, they now use OpenTable so you get to reserve a table, waltz right in and get served immediately... well as immediately as you can be served at Sushi Sho anyway.  The Experience: My friend and I walked in at 7pm for our reservation. We were promptly seated at the sushi bar and offered a menu that contained cooked appetizers. We decided on a Chawanmushi (egg custard) and decided to save our bellies for the main course - the omakase sushi sets. Boy, was that a bad idea.  Basically, Aki-san only serves a bunch of customers at a time, meaning, that although our reservation was at 7pm, he only started making our sushi at around 830pm. So if you do come to Sushi Sho, try not to come hungry, and be prepared to wait. and wait. and wait. and wait. We were promptly served our cooked appetizers, but like I said, Aki-san served that small specific group of customers, even as they ordered later than us, first.   7:30PM Me: Hi can we order two deluxe sushi sets. Aki: Sure. 7;45PM Customer A: Can I have unagi sushi 7:46PM Aki: hands him the unagi sushi 7:50PM Customer A: Can I have salmon nigiri? 7:51PM Aki: hands him salmon nigiri 8PM: Me: PISSED AND HUNGRY.  So just go in, knowing that you should order a shit ton of appetizers and be prepared to wait. Bring a dinner partner with whom a three hour conversation is not painful.  Food: The appetizers we ordered were great, the chawanmushi was soft, silky and flavorful. The sushi, when we finally received it was also delicious and fresh. The uni was particularly sweet and yummy as was the hamachi, scallops and botan-ebi. You could definitely taste the freshness of the ingredients and there was the perfect balance of rice to fish.  Despite this, I feel like I would have enjoyed my experience more had Aki-san not been so overreaching and had his other patrons not been tittering over his every word. He did provide tips as to what was the best way to eat the sushi, which I appreciated - after all he knows his craft best. But to stare at us eating, and then point out all the ways in which we were "eating it wrong" etc really DID NOT help me enjoy the food better.  Secondly, the other patrons were weird as heck. It's really uncomfortable to see the ladies next to me fawn over every word that came out of Aki-san's mouth. they were tittering and leaning over and would probably have kissed his toes if he asked, it was really unnerving. (If they were doing this more quietly/discreetly, I wouldn't have minded, but their loud voices and obnoxious laughter resonated around the entire restaurant making it very hard to ignore them)   Also, the patrons (like Aki-san) enjoy leaning over and interrupting my meal and conversation with condescending whispers like, oh, you should try the uni, it's SOOOO good. have you ever had it before?   I'm like, okay lady, calm down and let me enjoy my meal in peace. I've lived in Japan and had amazing Japanese food before, but I've never seen a crowd so determined to be obnoxious and pretentious about their food. It was really sickening.   so overall, be prepared to deal with a lot of waiitng, and be prepared to deal with a frustrating chef and a frustrating crowd. But aside from that, sushi sho offers a pretty good deal on delicious sushi.  

                Best sushi I've had ever. Better than SF restaurants in terms of flavor, price, and unpretentiousness (well...sorta).  Must haves: Nigiri: Scallop Halibut Grilled bbq eel Grilled bbq anako Tamago - must must must must have Uni Smoked salmon (!!!! holy cow must must must must must have !!!!)  Roll: G special!!!!  Other: Chawanmushi very tasty  Pass on: Squid Hamachi  Expect to pay $60-90/person. Reservation only. Seating only for 8 at the bar, but it is handicap accessible if you notify them in advance. Don't take photos, it's not appreciated! Great service! Will come again!  

                Came here on a weekday, a little early, b/c I read there were crowds.    There weren't any.  And the neighborhood is a little rough to be hanging outside.    The interior was quite big but chef only serves from the sushi bar.  I didn't get the pressed sushi, but the nigiri I did order was not impressive.  With the prices they ask for, the quality should be better and I have had much better.    Not sure why people like this place so much.  Not great.  Skip.  $75 for just me.  

                When Aki opened up his restaurant in Berkeley around 1982, few Americans had an idea what Sushi was. If you asked, the standard answer was "raw fish" and I'm sure people pictured something that looked like a whole cold dead trout sitting on a plate. Sushi bars were hard to find, and Aki had one of the finest. The first book on sushi printed in the English language used pictures of food he prepared exclusively.   These days, there are sushi bars all over the place but as they become more common, chefs become less skilled and good fish is harder for them to find. I was in a different sushi bar in a different city not long ago, and the owner noticed that what I ordered wasn't typical fare.  She asked my where I learned so much about sushi. When I mentioned Aki, she immediately knew who he was. Hers was a well established traditional Japanese restaurant.   Back in the 1980s, I ate at Aki's old restaurant countless times. Since then I've eaten at many sushi bars all over the world including Japan and can still say that Sushi Sho is among the best. If I wanted better sushi in Japan, I'm sure I would have been able to get it, and Aki would have been the person to ask to recommend a place to me.   Now if we move forward to the present, Aki has a new restaurant. It's similar in many ways to the old one, even down to reusing the old bar that he built himself. The sushi is no longer displayed in cases that he built himself since he was required to use commercially made NSF compliant commercial ones. So it's less distinctive than it once was, but is still a far cry from the type of place where you'll see cards on the counter with pictures of different types of sushi or with boats on a conveyor belt.  The variety isn't the same in some ways as it was three decades ago because with some of the things he used to serve back then, he'd have to charge $50 an order (two pieces) to be able to do so. But there are still plenty of things to choose from beyond what you can find elsewhere.  Most importantly, Aki won't serve anything but the highest quality.  Some of the sushi you won't find anywhere else and I mean that literally.  There were new selections for me, and even though I hadn't been to his restaurant in almost nine years, he still remembered what I liked and knew what I hadn't tried before.   You can also ask Aki anything about sushi ranging from the difference between line caught fish and net caught fish to why he moves his hands the way he does when he prepares sushi.  These days he seems to relish in the attention from people who want to learn more about sushi more than in the days when he had three chefs behind the counter, about 18 seats at the bar, about half a dozen tables, and people waiting outside. He was certainly very approachable back then, but now it's a lot closer to having his undivided attention.   Sush Sho now accepts reservations, which are virtually required. He has three seatings per night, which might be limited to half a dozen people per seating. For me, that's a step up from the days with long lines. It's a 60 mile round trip for me and I don't want to show up for the last seating and find it full, and I would never make it to the earlier ones. So now it's easier than ever to go there.  

                Overall: an expensive but worthwhile treat reminiscent of Jiro Dreams of Sushi! Definitely worth the splurge.  The good: This was probably some of the best sushi I've ever had, and a hidden gem in El Cerrito. It seemed like the thing to get here was the Omakase course, which we quickly ordered- $60 a person but might as well do the thing properly. The entire place is run by Chef Aki and his wife, so have a solid lunch or snack before you arrive and be prepared to enjoy a leisurely course by course dinner.   The bad: We were a little hesitant to come here due to the mixed reviews but decided to take a shot and see if the Omakase would be worth the splurge. The only downsides I think were that it was definitely a long and leisurely dinner, and on the expensive side- but in my opinion well worth it!  The food: We had a variety of delicious nigiri, but the all stars were definitely the scallop- which tasted like slightly briny, creamy custard- the salmon (which Aki cures by himself and has a faint whiff of something woodsy and salty) and the fatty tuna. Everything was so clearly selected with care and meticulously prepared- and even though it was 'only' 12 courses, we left feeling very pleasantly full. The Omakase is definitely the thing to go for here- when we ordered an extra roll we got a slight eyebrow lift lol.  Ambiance: It felt a little bit like a quiet temple of sushi, lol. We arrived on the early side around 7, but Chef Aki definitely warmed up to the customers as more arrived and after an hour or so, he was happily instructing us on how to properly dip nigiri in soy sauce and other little tips. This is not a place to sit in silence- the chef is sociable and very insistent on how to properly eat his carefully prepared food.  Tips: Be prepared for a long ambling (but delicious) dinner. This was a very interactive meal with Chef Aki presiding over the Omakase- arrive open minded and ready to enjoy delicious food with instructions.  

                BUYER BEWARE! We came here because the good reviews. I came with my mom we order miso, salad, and two rolls. When it came time for desert he told me there was A $40 MINIMUM PER PERSON!!!!!!!!!!!!   Listen... I'm not broke and I have no problem paying for amazing food but this sushi was just OKAY and the rolls ran $9-12. How much sushi can two ppl eat to make $80 meal worth it!  Not to mention the restaurant was completely empty. How fresh can they keep their fish with that kind of turn over???  Aaaaaand.... It's in the ghetto. There is a 24 hour security guard in the tire shop parking lot next store!!!!   Not worth it. Total rip off.  

                I gave it 5 stars but really it deserves 10 stars.  Sushi Sho was located on Solano in Albany for many years but moved to San Pablo Avenue in El Cerrito a couple of years ago. Chef Aki is a serious sushi master and his wife is a gracious hostess with a kind soul.  Last night we ordered all simple nigiri. Everything was excellent. The sushi was very fresh and high quality. Here is what we ate:  Buri (Hamachi)- tasted very fatty and rich for Hamachi. At first I though perhaps it was the albacore torro we ordered.  Hotategai Raw scallop from Hokkaido island Japan -Very supple and richly flavored  Sake Reikun Cold-smoked salmon -Aki makes his own smoked salmon. It's out of this world. Very soft, smokey and rich.  Hirame Fluke or halibut- This was fluke if remember correctly. Fresh and delicate  Ikura Salted salmon roe- Rich and savory. Excellent  Karashi-Mentaiko Special Spicy salted pollock roe roasted medium rare- Imported from Japan. A new item on the menu. Aki said this may no longer be available because his source has stopped importing it. That's a shame because it was out-of-this-world delicious.  Bin-Toro Albacore tuna belly -Excellent Oh-Toro Bluefin tuna belly - Excellent. Better than the last time we ate here.  Botan-Ebi Raw sweet spot-prawn - One of the most memorable Ama ebis in recent memory. Very deeply flavored  Anago Grilled cooked marine eel- Excellent  

                The sushi is really fresh and the chef was friendly to tell you how to enjoy the sushi or Sashimi in the most most most traditional way in Japan.   Maybe during the dining you feel a little nervous, uncomfortable, and being educated or some combined feelings, but you will definitely have a feeling that it's unique and traditional. Some people do not like to be taught how to eat during the meal, but it's interesting to know the different dishes, shallow or deep, round or square, with or without wasabe... and as I know, different knives should be for different kinds of fish...   Anyway, I followed what he said strictly to have each sushi.  

                Are you looking for a Japanese restaurant with the following?  amazing rolls Awesome tempura Huge Bento boxes Quick and delicious food Good sushi on a budget  If you are looking for any of these then keep looking because Sushi Sho is none of the above.  Know what you are getting into before you come, it is not your standard sushi place. Here you will not find any tempura, teriyaki, crazy monkey, or any of the standard items at most sushi places. This place is an experience and just enjoy it.   We got there for our 8:30 reservation. We did omakase where the chef chooses what you get. Our first item did not come until 9:10 so yeah if in a hurry forget it. He will instruct you how to eat to maximize your experience. He is there to teach, not to be pretentious.  The highlights:  Smoked salmon nigiri Salted pollock roe over scallop Eel (I don't normally like eel but this was awesome)  Ordered seperately a smoked salmon collar.  If you are willing to spend about $70 a person it is well worth it.   If you are familiar with Yume in alameda this place is similar but without the scary wife.  The chef is engaging, quite a talker. Expect to be there at least 2 hrs. If you got plans afterwards make sure it is flexible.  

                WOW, probably the most  unique and interesting sushi meals I've ever experienced! I wasn't sure if I was happy, offended,  exalted, or uncomfortable, or all of the combined, but I definitely left feeling something and isn't that the true marker of a great dining experience?  A warning to the wise: DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU WANT TO EAT YOUR MEAL IN PEACE.  Aki- San loves to talk! And he will talk you through every dish, how to dip it in soy sauce, how many bites to take and he might even grab your nigiri while it's on your plate to show you how to hold it. Personal bubbles do not exist here!   I can see how some people would HATE this, but I thought it was  entertaining and very informational. My bf says you shouldn't take it too seriously because it's all theatrics. It's like a Broadway play and Aki-san is star. So if you come with an open attitude, you will have a blast. Do not ask a simple question and expect to get a simple answer. It might also be that when we came, there were only 3 people in the restaurant so we were getting prime attention.  Apparently, they only seat the bar- which has about ~8 seats. They never use the rooms with the sit down tables. I'm glad we came on a slower weekday, so we didn't have to wait.  The meal: We started with the cucumber/seaweed salad. I wasn't a big fan of this, same with miso soup. I think because the flavors were more subtle and there wasn't as much salt as typical sushi places. This isn't necessary bad, just not what I'm used to.   Aki- san urged us to get the scallop nigiri and i'm so glad he did. It was from Japan, and SO DELICIOUS. Every taste bud on your tongue is ignited- so flavorful and savory sweet. Same with the yellowtail nigiri, we weren't planning on getting it, but Aki told us it's the most popular item and for good reason. Hands down the best yellowtail I've ever had. I could feel the electrical pulses in my mouth traveling to my brain giving off endorphins. So much umami here!  Usually salmon nigiri is my favorite, but I actually didn't enjoy it too much here, probably because I was so enraptured by the yellowtail and scallop. My bf loves tuna so we got the blue fin tuna. It was so delicate and although I'm not a crazy tuna fan, I could even appreciate how good it was (16$ for two pieces though!)  Pressed salmon sushi- never tried it before and I don't think I liked it. It was very sweet and a bit sour on top. probably wouldn't get again, but good to experience.  Overall, some items were better than ever, and so far, one of the best sushi places I've tried but the entire dining experience makes it worth it!  SO easy to spend 100$ here for two people! There is actually a minimum of 25$ a person here (excluding drinks) I left feeling very full and knowing a heck more about sushi than I did before I came. Definitely a place to go when you want to treat yourself!  

                I had to leave a review after reading some of the really negative and somewhat rude reviews left here.  I have been going to Sushi Sho for almost 18 years!  I followed Aki-San from his Solano Ave. location to his new location on San Pablo and waited the almost 2 years from when he closed on Solano to when he reopened. During that 2 year hiatus I searched for a comparable sushi experience but never found any place in the Bay Area to compare to the incredible sushi served at Sushi Sho.   Yes there is quirkiness to the whole experience. If you don't want to met the $40 per person minimum - you don't really want to come here and you're probably better off at your all you can eat sushi place with pre-made sushi!    If you don't want to engage in conversation with Chef Aki-San and his obvious passion for his art - you don't want to come here!  If you don't want to wait your turn while Aki-San completes previously seated customers - you don't want to come here!  Aki-San has a definite methodology to his service and in creating his food, if you don't want to experience a true master sushi chef with a passion for his work and the desire to share his years of experience with his customers - don't come here! If you don't want truly personal service and attention to detail when it's your turn - don't come here!   You're ruining the experience for the rest of us when you come in and complain about waiting and minimums and seeing empty seats when the bar only has 8 people.  He serves only 8 people at a time so you don't have to wait once you start sushi service!    If you DO want a friendly, engaging sushi experience with great food and generally friendly people at the bar to interact with this is THE place for great sushi and lively conversation!  

                No sign anywhere in the restaurant or window facing san pablo save to tell you that the restaurant is full...  They will seat you at the square dinning tables and leave you with the menu but cant order anything.  7pm = 2 hour wait time which means = we will be closed before we get to you....  Im beginning to feel that ever since my last visit, the only people who come here are friends of Aki San or local regulars who don't drive or take public transit...  Food at kirala was a bit more impressive to say the least since my last visit in april before this week.  There is no way nor reason a restaurant should be allowed to operate, let alonr survive with this kind of business setup..  IF YOU WILL NOT SERVE THEM ANYTHING ON THE MENU, WHY THE HELL DO YOU SEAT THEM AT ALL? YOU'RE WASTING THEIR TIME...-_-...thats what really didnt make sense when i came by for dinner  

                Still as good as the first day i tried.  Aki san has implemented reservations now, and you can make your reservations online on their website directly.   that means delicious sushi and NO WAIT! before we had to wait 1 hour + and that definetely put a damper on the whole experience but with plentiful resos there is no need to wait anymore!  Everything on the menu is fantastic, same of my favs are chawan mushi, pressed sushi,   for all those bad reviewers, they just don't appreciate real japanese sushi style (prolly jive ass roll eaters) and certain don't have the patience to enjoy a good meal. They are not sushi purists.  Those folks can go to places like sushi bistro with blaring loud music and rolls called volcano, stuff their mouths in 30 minutes and be out the door.  

                OH...HECK...NO!  I read the reviews about Sushi Sho opening when they feel like it...despite the listed opening time. I also read, once inside, the chef makes his appearance at his leisure... despite customers waiting. Also, I read that reviewers like this treatment...as the God-like human performs his art.  IT'S ALL TRUE and I think it's bullsh@t.  Seriously, it's not worth it. The sushi isn't that great (I eat sushi 2-3 times a week). Sure, they have some inventive menu items, but nowhere close to the greats such as Nobu....which, by the way, will treat you like a King.  I don't need to be told how to eat my sushi unless it's a special dish. "Have a bite without soy sauce, then with soy sauce, then however you like." Thanks buddy, I'll take it from here. I certainly don't need a Sushi Nazi in my life (referencing the world famous Soup Nazi). Don't get me wrong, they are nice people. Please understand the context.  It's a slow and hungrily painful experience to get food. The chef will join in customer conversations which is friendly, but he can't work and talk at the same time. I found myself praying that customers would stop telling stories and asking questions.  I may have liked my meal if the dining experience didn't take 2 hours.  Oh, and there were 6 people in the restaurant.  

                Terrible, Terrible, Terrible. I went in and they said they were full. And there were only 4 people sitting at the bar. All the tables were empty. Complete crap.  

                Aaron's Big Eat East Bay: 100 Things to Try Before You Die <a href="http://www.yelp.com/list/the-big-eat-east-bay-100-things-to-try-before-you-die-oakland">yelp.com/list/the-big-ea…</a>  #24 - Everything master sushi chef Akisan makes  Especially: Cold Smoked Salmon Nigiri - Raw, made in-house Anago Nigiri - Saltwater Eel Unagi Nigiri - Freshwater Eel Tamago Nigiri - House made egg omelet  

                Never actually got to try the sushi here. We came in, sat at the bar, and were told they weren't serving off the menu, only sushi, and we had to spend $25. No problem I thought- we can most definitely spend that. Spent a few minutes looking over the sushi menu- choices were nigiri or maki. Look, i love me nigiri, but I also like a little fun roll here or there- of which they had none. Is that really an $18 kani- cucumber salad??? WTF? It's not even crab season bro (and that shit is probs imitation anyway). The sushi chef was not interested in our business, he was busy talking to customers at the end. We walked out and won't be back.  

                I think that before you walk into Sushi Sho, you should know what you're getting yourself into.Although service is extremely important to me when I go to a restaurant -know this- Sushi sho is not an ordinary restaurant. If you want to be hosted well at a restaurant, then go to a restaurant that has a hostess as Akisan is not that. Akisan is a great sushi chef and does what he does best, serving great sushi.   Its not a mere dinner, its a complete culinary learning experience. Yes the fish is expensive but you do not just get great quality fish, you also receive a fine education in sushi.  The dinner at Sushi Sho will generally take about 2-3 hrs because in this time he will carefully prepare your sushi and also teach you how to eat it in a certain manner and why. He is an artist and he is trying to teach the art of sushi.  I personally recommend the pressed sushi because I have never seen it served in any sushi joint and my bf did not see this when he went to tokyo as pressed sushi is a part of Osaka cuisine. In addition, the chawan mushi is delicate yet packed with flavor (so you should get this one too). The nigiri is around $6-$8 and the sashimi platters are around $20-$25. The pressed sushi is around $12-$15. A dinner for two would probably cost around $50-$75 (if you have a huge appetite then add about $15 more to that)  Now that you know all of this, remember do not come here expecting attentive service as Akisan is mostly attentive to his sushi ( but when I was there he was extremely polite and patient when I asked him all sorts of questions about sushi). And remember that the price you are paying for is for the food and a memorable experience.  And those who go to Yume and wonder if this place is any good- the sushi chef at Yume studied under Akisan so if the apprentice is good, don't you think the master is as well?  

                My wife and I went to Sushi Sho on a Saturday night and had a pleasant experience. This is a husband and wife operation and very authentic. The sushi was of a very high quality although I think it is a bit pricey for El Cerrito. The chef is very talkative with some strong opinions on how sushi should be made and eaten, so if you're averse to someone sharing his thoughts with you over dinner, then this is not the place for you. The highlight of the evening for us was the cold smoked salmon sushi, which apparently is a very rare method of preparation. This is also a "slow food" experience - you will likely be eating for 90 min to 2 hours, given the limited waitstaff. The owners are not looking to rush their patrons by any means, which is really nice for a change.  

                Aki-san was amazing  

                I felt I had to write this review because of the polarized nature of the previous ones. After dining there last week, I can see both sides and perhaps can help clarify these experiences through a different lens.  First, it had been years since I last went to Sushi Sho back at its old location on Solano in Berkeley, maybe 15+? So a long time, and way before Yelp, so when I went I hadn't heard any horror stories. What I had remembered, after all these years, was that the food was exceptional. That's why I wanted to take my partner here.  After making the reservation (absolutely required for a good experience, don't try to just drop in), I started reading some of the Yelp reviews, and I was this close (fingers making 'tiny' gesture) to canceling the reservation and consigning Sushi Sho to the dust heap of 'Used to be Greats'. Good thing I didn't.  We arrived, were greeted by Aki-san's wife, and as the previous seating wasn't finished yet, were taken to the side room to wait. We ordered a beer to share, and had to wait 45 mins before we were able to take our places at the bar. Normally I would've been grumpy by this time, but we were prepared for this.  What we weren't prepared for was the absolutely entertaining and delicious meal that followed. In my mind, the way to make sense of all the other reviews is this: *understand that Aki-san cares utmost about his craft*. Yes, he and his wife could serve more people if he had helpers at the bar. But then he couldn't be sure that each piece was made to his exacting quality standards. Yes, he tells you how to eat each nigiri piece, whether to use shoyu or not. But he has 37 years of knowledge under his belt, so give what he says a try. Yes, it's not a quick bite, nor a cheap one. But the quality is fantastic, and the experience of the meal is unique, kind of like having a personal chef for the night. If you want train station sushi, go somewhere else.  Expectations are key, so here is my list: - There are 3 seatings (I think), 5:30, 7:00 and 8:30. Those times are rough though, so except for the 5:30 one, don't expect to be seated at your reservation time. Order a drink or some nibblies and chill until the bar is ready for you. - Do not try to just drop in; make a reservation, preferably through their website and not directly through OpenTable (he says it saves them a bit if you do it that way). - Expect to spend at least 2 hours for your meal. - Expect that your meal will be pricey. - Expect that Aki-san will be talking throughout the meal, that sometimes he stops working while talking, and that you will not be eating continuously therefore.  - Expect to chat with your neighbors, it's a small and intimate setting.  If you go into the meal with the above in mind, you'll have an amazing experience.  

                This man is the truth.  Just trust him and take his advice.  I saw 2 ladies leave after asking for ponzu instead of soy sauce and having Aki-san tell them no.  They said they would pay for it, he responded, "I don't care how much you want to pay".  They left saying the restaurant had no customer service.  Good riddance.  Here is the truth.  The man is a master craftsman, who is building flavors for you to experience.  It's not about customer service, it's about integrity.  He makes it the way he wants you to taste it.  Why should he sacrifice his standard or integrity because 2 caucasian women want to do it whatever way they want??  It's like telling a master pianist to play a song faster for you.....you just don't do that.  If you want it your way, go to Burger King.  If you want a sublime taste experience...come here.  

                Are you a princess? Or are you a student on a budget or someone who doesn't have the time to wait?   Then this is definitely not the place for you. There is no hostess service, there is no have a seat and here is some quick miso soup. This is a place for someone who truly wants to enjoy sushi in an intimate area. Although the restaurant has many seats, the chef can only accommodate 8 people. He keeps the spare seats and sushi station when his son is able to help out... Which is once in a blue moon, I guess similar to a spare bedroom. So don't expect to be sitting at a table.  Be there early... I would say latest 5 for the first seating., prepare to spend $25 min. If you don't like the price try the Chinese buffet sushi down the street... U can eat as much as you want.  Aki-San serves it's in the traditional way, light tasting sushi first, with heavier and cooked dishes last. You want it your way? I recommend Burger King.  Yes, it's an odd location for a sushi place but you can get auto parts before or after dinner. The Marshall's across the street is a must visit also.  The bill came to $125 with drinks excluding tip.. All the sushi was fresh, delicious and cut and served perfectly and meticulously.  The 1 -2 star reviews here are hilarious.. I recommend you read them just to get a good laugh and ask where are these people from?!?  

                With the plethora of ramen, izakaya, shabu, curry, and sushi restaurants in the Bay Area, nearly every corner of Japanese cuisine is accounted for (although, we really need a good udon joint here).  Despite that, it can be a little tough finding a place that does sushi well in the more traditional style - nigiri and sashimi.  While some sushi rolls are pretty good, you don't need all of those extras and sauces if the product is both good and prepared correctly.  WIth sushi, sometimes less is more!  Before coming to Sushi Sho, there are a couple of things to know.  First, there are only two dinner seatings with very limited space for each, so make sure you come early (they only sit about 10 or so at a time).  Second, yes...prices might be slightly higher than average, but the food is also A LOT better than average.  Unlike what someone else wrote, the problem isn't with trying to meet the per person minimum; it's with trying not to go overboard!  Everything was so good.  - Chawan Mushi (steamed seafood custard soup)...$6.50 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-sho-el-cerrito?select=PCK-DKOh5yI92uSZFSEV9A#JsxULYywXy9jf2IdtBituQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…</a>) Not the best one I've had (that was in Japan), but pretty damn good!  Quite a bit of seafood, flavorful, and just the right texture to the custard.  Fantastic.  - Ankimo (Monkfish Liver)...market price (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-sho-el-cerrito?select=PCK-DKOh5yI92uSZFSEV9A#ZuY68xx2tDyFCrq9hUXzIg">yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…</a>) Admittedly, I'd be hard pressed not to like ankimo anywhere.  The pieces were cut smaller than at other places I've had it, but there was a lot on the plate.  Super fresh and delicious, and I loved the presentation.  - Pressed Mackerel Sushi...$12 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-sho-el-cerrito?select=PCK-DKOh5yI92uSZFSEV9A#_YoBJ_WUdb_I3l33KuZYZw">yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…</a>) My favorite of the night.  A house specialty, it's a slice of mackerel that's pressed very thin and placed on top of a block of rice.  You may not think it from the size of the fish, but it's packed with flavor.  Must get.  - Pressed Salmon Sushi...$13 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-sho-el-cerrito?select=PCK-DKOh5yI92uSZFSEV9A#23oWJAThl1DlJgcM2_RDBg">yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…</a>) Ironically, this one costs a buck more, but I thought the mackerel was just a hair better.  The pressed salmon was still really good though, and I liked how the flavor made its way through the rice as well.  Second favorite.  - Toro Nigiri...market price (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-sho-el-cerrito?select=PCK-DKOh5yI92uSZFSEV9A#QARA2DrldjQ9yYVwiC0FUg">yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…</a>), Hamachi and Tuna Nigiri...$6.00 and $7.00 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-sho-el-cerrito?select=PCK-DKOh5yI92uSZFSEV9A#zyZNF8gJfucAUYWKXExy2w">yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…</a>) They may not appear to be all that unique, but, as they say, the devil is in the details.  All three were prepared rather deftly, were of terrific quality, and the taste was both good and fresh.  You have to eat it to truly appreciate it.  When I tried to think of even one knock against them, the only thing I could come up with (and it was pretty trivial at that) was the choice of plateware for the sushi.  Those cheap, greenish/grayish plastic plates instead of wooden trays?  It just doesn't do the food or Aki-san justice!  Then again, it really doesn't matter since it's all about the food, not the plate it comes out on.  Although I was reluctant to write a review (don't want them to get too crowded!), I felt Sushi Sho and Aki-san deserved it.  Without a doubt, one of the better Japanese sushi experiences I've had anywhere and worth the trip across the bay.  Thanks to my friend for taking us there, and Aki-san - don't be surprised if you start to see me regularly!  

                People who gave this place a bad review do not know how to appreciate nor do they have any experience eating very, traditional sushi.  Aki San is the best when it comes to authentic sushi.  No phony flavorings from "made-up" sauces.  People do not understand that the reason for the wait is because Aki San makes sure that the sushi is made and served at the best quality anyone can get.  I appreciate the time Aki San puts into making his Sushi and explaining/educating his diners on properly appreciating their sushi meal. It's unfortunate that there are ignorant people out there, who do not know any better.  

                We were very excited to get a reservation at this restaurant.  We understood that you had to be there on time of they would give away your reservation, so we arrived right at 5:30.  The door was locked and we stood in the cold for 10 minutes even though the chef could see us standing outside.  Finally, I called the restaurant and asked if they were going to open as we were waiting.  She said "yes", but no one came to the door, so we finally just left.  If you ask me to be on time, you should also be on time.  I don't like waiting out in the rain and cold.  Let's face it, your food can't be that great.  Your attitude towards your customers certainly isn't very great.  Never again.  

                I had read all the Reviews on Yelp about Sushi Sho and Aki San and it really peaked my Curiosity and  Interest as I really love good Sushi and I always am looking for a new experience.  So I pulled the Car Cover off Black Beauty Whip and Popped in my Mariah CD and rolled to Elcerrito and Sushi Sho.  I stashed my Whip two doors down and walked to the front of Sushi Sho . There was a line started . I was lucky number 6 for the first seating of the Evening. The people in line ahead of me asked me how I found out about Sushi Sho and I told them Yelp. They were Horrified they wanted Sushi Sho and Aki San to remain a secret. That really  peaked my Curiosity.  Aki San Limits his seating's to 8 people and 2 seating's a night at his Sushi Bar. Aki San and his Wife operate the Business.  When there were 8 people in the line Aki Sans wife let us in and seated us at the Sushi Bar.  The Sushi Bar is Aki Sans - Stage , Pulpit ,Classroom  and His Own Creation . He Literally built it with his own hands a labor of love. I was very impressed the Restaurant is Very Clean, Brightly Lit and nicely decorated.  I used the Restroom at Sushi Sho and it was the cleanest Restroom , I have ever seen and it was Huge.  I returned to the Sushi Bar. Aki -Sans wife was our server . I ordered a Coke and Cherwan Mushi-Steamed Seafood Custard Soup.    10 Minutes later My Cherwan Mushi appeared . Oh My I'm in love . That cup was an Orgy of flavors . My Taste buds were in Heaven.   At this Moment Aki-san appears behind his Sushi Bar with an Arm load of Fresh Fish,  If you look at the Fish Refrigerators on top of his Sushi Bar . You will see other cuts of Super Fresh Fish lay in there looking very Delish.   Aki -San has Awesome knife skills , he has been a Sushi Chef for over 30 Years . Very Experienced and Very Wise. His wife take each of our Sushi Orders. Aki - San starts with the folks Sushi Order from right of the bar to the left. Aki -San starts be constructing a scene on the Platter, He makes a Tree out of a Carrot and constructs a Little Forrest on the Platter with Garnish and Vegetables ,. Then he grabs Blocks of Fresh Fish and slices fish at a high rate of speed and consistency of a machine . He is very precise with the Presentation of Each Platter of Sushi and Nigri even placing onions on the Sashimi with Steel Wire Edge Chopstick.   Aki San is a Man Of a Few Words . But the words he does Speak is Wisdom about the Art Of Sushi and How to Eat it.    I started with a Sashsimi Combination which Aki San prepared for me . The Fish was Awesome and Fresh  . I was Doing the Snoopy Sushi Joy Dance in Double Dutch version. after eating that .  I then Ordered Uni , Albacore Toro , Blue Fin Toro ,  It was so good it Melted in my mouth like Butter Yum Yum.  I then ordered Aki-Sans Homemade Tamago . Oh so good what a true artist !!!  Aki -san imparted such Wisdom as that you eat with your Senses - Vision ,Smell and Taste!!  I then ordered the Mackerel Nigri , 2 orders of Unagi which Aki San grilled up fresh on his grill and a order of Flying Fish Roe.  A divine way to end my Meal.  I paid by Discover Card,  they take Visa also .   Conclusions  Aki- San is the Real Deal . You May Think You have had good Sushi Before You may have ? ?  But you owe yourself a Sushi Sho- Aki San Experience. His Fish and Techniques are some of the Best In The Bay!!!!  While I was there people were Cult Like  in lining up for the second service.  One of my Best Sushi Experiences to this day.  

                Tired of all the fake sushi places that mask the fish with elaborate sauces etc... This is authentic sushi! No crab n sauces all over your rolls but real fresh non fishy tasting sushi rolls! Love the chef who will teach u a thing or 2 about real sushi.  The fish melts in your mouth..you make think its pricy but you def get what you pay for and if you have the loot its worth it! I am def goin to be a regular here!  

                This is my first time here and I've never been to the Solano spot.  I've just heard good things, so I had to come by especially when it's so close to home. Went there on a Friday night at 5:30PM and one couple was ahead of us. We waited for another 15 minutes before they let us in.     Atmosphere: Clean. Simple. There is definitely attention to detail, like the slight slant on the counter for your dish.  When you watch Aki-San, you can see he loves his craft.  Eating here is an experience.  Make sure you are not in a hurry.  Aki-San takes his time to prepare each cut/dish.  A good tip after my 1st visit, make sure you order some sides like their pickle dish or the Chawa-mushi to munch with a drink while you wait to even have your order taken.   Food: Being a sushi snob that I am, I am VERY happy with this place.  The hamachi sashimi was very fresh.  His Ikura is top notch and even the tamago was made just right.  I heard it was even better when he makes it fresh.  Aki-San said I should try the Natto next time (but I wasn't a fan before) so I'll see.   Service: It's slow, but you know that going in, so it's actually an experience you should just enjoy.  We're always so quick to stuff our face, that this makes you savor and appreciate the food in front of you.   Bottom line: Come early cuz I'm going to be the first in line!  

                Good things come to those who wait! If you love good food with lots of TLC and perfection, then this place is for you. Yes, you may have to wait. Yes, they only serve sushi. But this place is authentic. And Aki-san is a master. Worth the price and wait. And they have $8 carafe of wine. Although they also serve $85 bottles of sake. But those are just distractions. Sushi is where it's at. Nigiri and maki. Heart you!  

                Sushi Sho and Aki-san!! How I missed you! I never knew what good sushi was and how to eat sushi correctly until I had Aki-san's sushi 5 years ago; and after two good years of it, he closed his old location. So I'm beyond happy he re-opened at a new location.   Anyhow, the decor and atmosphere are similar to the old place but much more spacious and clean. Aki-san definitely pays a lot attention to details. He puts in tons of emergency lights at the new location so that in case there's a black out, he can still serve his customers! He also did the wood work on the counter himself. Wow!    The sushi is still great! The fishes are always so fresh and good, and the fish and rice balance was good. I love the white fish sashimi, the pressed sushi, and today, the salmon was really good. I actually liked it better than the bin-toro and o-toro today. I also had a chance to try the warm tamago nigiri since he didn't have time for the tamago to chill. Delish!! It's like semi-sweet custard. But all in all, I really enjoy his sushi rice. I think the best way to judge a sushi chef is his rice and tamago because fishes you can always get it fresh, but rice and egg they have to make and pack themselves.   The service from his wife is still very nice and attentive, and Aki-san is humourous. Can't wait to go back, and the 2.5 hours wait was totally worth it.  P.S. Prepare to go early and wait. There are only two seatings for now, and only 8-10 people per seatings.  

                Best sushi I've ever had. Second best Japanese meal of my life after the fixed course menu at Matsuhisa.   Aki san is a veritable Sushi Nazi, and can definitely come off as though he's high on the smell of his own farts, but the guy really knows what he's doing, and I actually enjoyed the over the top affectation, even found it charming.   Considering the unmatched quality I found the prices to be very reasonable.   A very memorable dining experience.  

                I have said this over and over again, but I honestly don't understand people. Everyone claims they're foodies but when it comes down to it, they don't even bother because of service, or in Sushi Sho's case the minimum charge.   Being a foodie, for me at least, means spending whatever necessary, (or at least enough) to get a good grasp on the selection of items. People say they foodies and then order one plate to share with someone. BS not a foodie, yous a cheapie.  And then service, oh what a pain to talk about. I grew up more or less in Chinatown. If they acknowledge you exist and let you know the wait, its enough. Seriously.  Now I was expecting this place to have sky-high prices. Why? I was told even the sushi chef at Yume (Alameda) comes here to eat. Whatt?  I met up with my friend and we entered the establishment. Its small, very personable, and it seems there was only 2 people working, Aki-san and it might very well be his wife. We were greeted by Aki-san and his wife comes out shortly to let us know there is a wait.   Sure I don't mind. Good things come to those who wait.   And indeed it did.  While waiting my friend and I caught up, while also observing the establishment. She came by shortly with a menu, moist towels, and asked us what we wanted to drink and brought it back promptly.  After 2 of the patrons left, she cleaned the area at the bar and offered us the seating, took our orders and commences the dining experience.  I can't exactly remember my friend ordered, less what I ordered but here's a break down... supposedly:  Hamachi Smoked Salmon Unagi (x2) Reverse Special Roll A Albacore Tuna Octopus... And a few more I cant put my tongue on.... Not that I didn't lol.  It was all prepared so exquisitely, and Aki-san took time to chat with patrons, letting everyone and us know about some history, and how to eat it ("no soy sauce first bite, soy sauce after"). At times he would be preparing the Nigiri for another patron, and it was so interesting to watch.  The unagi was so fresh, and fresh I mean just finished cooking. On the Nigiri it was still hot, and on the Reverse Special roll, it was exquisite. Now I'm not a wasabi fan, but the wasabi that he lathered on the raw fishes and the octopus put it together very well. The fish was so fresh, soft, and god dammit I want to go again.   "After you have my sushi you'll keep coming back," Aki-san was right, and its bad living so close to Sushi Sho,  oH No AmEx sadly.  If you're complaining about space, try at some places in japan, or even try to ride the MTR in Hong Kong during the day. You'll appreciate how close you can get to the action, and the space that available.  Take that rod so far up your *** and get off your high horse. Come here for the dining experience, the way the food is prepared, and be willing to spend the money because for most of the restaurants I've been to in the area, this one is one of the most memorable, not just because of the food, but the experience.  Don't ever expect to come here and eat, pay, and split. NAH that ain't how it works bro.  This ain't a Sushi House, or your local fast food Japanese restaurant, it specializes in Nigiri, and fresh fish and Aki-san and his wife calls it: Sushi Sho.  Cheers and enjoy your experience!  

                Like the many others that have written before me.  This place is a sushi connoisseur's dream.  I've had a lot of sushi, but none as fresh and flavorful as this.  The sushi is truly  a masterpiece.  This being said however, I must admit that the service, hospitality and lack of quality wait staff are what make this place less than 5 stars.  Unfortunately, it gives Sushi Sho and El Cerrito a bad name.  This place would be a ROCKIN' business and a boon for the city if they could just get their act together and remember that it is the customers that ultimately pay the bills.    Go here for the amazing food, but don't expect to be treated nicely.  

                A sushi experience like never before (think Jiro Dreams of Sushi).  Aki-San's small sushi bar is a must-try for sushi traditionalists and enthusiasts. However I must warn you. Don't come here if you are not willing to listen to Aki-San's old school way of eating his dishes. This is definitely not the place for CA Rolls and the like but instead for diners looking for a new experience in Japanese sushi cuisine.  If that speaks to you, then give it a try.   PS - Service is very slow as the place is run solely by Aki-San and his wife.  Also, he only does 2 seatings per night at the bar with no reservations taken.  

                My boyfriend and I wanted to try this place since its right down the street and we love sushi. But we were in for a surprise. We got there at around 6:30 pm and there was about 6 people in there and we were told they were filled. They said we would have to wait an hour!! The restaurant was empty but we had to wait an hour, thats unbelievable. We left after that.  I don't think I can give this spot another chance.  

