                This is a cute little restaurant right off Solano. Parking was easy to find, also.   The staff is very friendly and the service is prompt. The lunch special is a great deal-- large crepe, salad, and a drink for under $10 (before tax, of course). I recommend the Oslo crepe.   I love that this isn't a chain restaurant. Wonderful food, great atmosphere. I definitely will be coming back and recommend it to anyone who likes crepes.  

                What I ate: Assorted savory crepes. Visit date: July 6, 2014 First time? Yes.  I'm semi-new to the Albany area so I'm trying out more new-to-me eateries. Suzette Crepe Cafe had distributed $5 off coupons (which I then forgot to use on my visit!) so I was even more intrigued to try them out. On my visit, my friends and I each ordered different savory crepes. They came out one at a time, which, to me, is not good service etiquette. Once we all got our crepes, we were excited to try them, and then we were all pretty displeased. The one I ordered had cheese, spinach, and mushrooms -- ingredients that I love -- but the dish was bland. The crepe itself, well, it held all the ingredients inside, at least.  Would I come back? Maybe. But I'd definitely go with a sweet crepe instead. You can't go wrong with nutella and fruit. Oh, and if there is a next time, I'd use my coupon! Don't forget your coupons, people!  

                I never knew this charming little place was here until I had an appointment nearby. Its sign is really easy to miss right next to LabCorp. Got a fasting blood test next door?  Drop in here to refuel with a yummy crepe.  

                Gluten-free crepe batter as well as a buckwheat-wheat combo batter. Good variety of options for building your own savory or sweet crepe, should you choose to do so. Crepes are good but not excellent quality. The flavor of the gluten free crepe is neutral, so it depends on the ingredients as to how it will taste.  Beverages include complimentary ice water, hot coffee/tea (caff & decaf), Snapple, Kearn's fruit juices (can), Orangina, Martenelli's apple cider & coconut water.   Lovely servers, cute decor, pleasant ambiance. Glass storefront ensures natural light throughout. Minimal outdoor seating. Crepes are brought to your table. Good lunch/snack spot if you are in the area.  

                Really great crepes. I had the florentine savory crepe for breakfast. The crepe itself was fluffy and light, and they make a very balanced foamy chai latte that I highly recommend. I can't stress enough what a difference the crepe batter makes-- this place is a true gem.   Service is great. I took out my iPad while trying to find something in the cavernous vacuum that is my bag, and the owner approached me and automatically presented the wifi password key. I thought that was amazing and thoughtful, even if I wasn't intending on using it. Very proactive.   The place is spotless and the condiment bar is always well stocked. They accept cards with a $5 minimum.   Go!  

                Cute little place on solano ave. It's easy to miss so keep your eye out.   Nothing like sophie's crepe in San Francisco, but when you're craving a crepe this place does satisfy.   Service: The staff is usually pretty friendly. Never had a bad experience in terms if customer service.   Food: I've only had their sweet crepes so my review is based on that. The crepe itself is pretty good. It's soft yet crispy. The add on are pretty standard. Ice cream. Fruit. Nutella. Pretty much anything you can think of.  Overall: It's a good solid place for crepes. Although they do serve other types of drinks like coffee or smoothies, I can only recommend the crepes. They are a little pricey for the quality.  

                I have very mixed opinions with Suzette's crepes, as I've been here twice and ordered two completely different crepes. However, I will say that it is a cute little cafe located in a convenient area. Their menu is a little more pricey, but nothing unreasonable. The setup is beautiful and the overall ambience is great. The service is very wonderful as well.  The first time I came here, my friends and I ordered an assortment of different dessert crepes. Their presentations are beautiful, and everything tasted great. Five stars. Would definitely come back.  However, my second time here was not so great. I came back with my mother and ordered a savory crepe with mushrooms, spinach, and other assorted vegetables. I wasn't hungry at the time, so my mom ate half of it and saved the rest for me. After we arrived home, she immediately headed to the bathroom and told me to compost the rest of the crepe since it upset her stomach. The phrase "mother knows best" is no joke. I simply told my mom that her stomach pains were probably from something else, so I finished the rest of the crepe. It was delicious... until shortly after I made an emergency dash to the bathroom too.   I think we just got a bad order that time. I have not revisited Suzette's since, but I do plan on it in the future. I would stick to just the dessert crepes, however.  

                Suzette Crepe Cafe is undeniably good. This little joint should not be underestimated. Definitely my go to place for crepes in the area. You can have a meal here and walk away guilt free or give in to self indulgence. The place is neatly arranged, clean, and comfortable to dine in despite the questionable choices of decor (tan, orange, and yellow color palette with commercial print art of dogs, fruit, and hibiscus flowers). It's just super versatile. Nice little brunch spot to catch up with your girlfriends or a family member, a cheap option for a casual date, or even a fairly sturdy to-go lunch for a work day.   The crepes are obviously the reason to show up. They offer savory crepes made from a buckwheat and whole wheat batter as well as a gluten free option. My favorites are the Los Angeles, which is essentially a cobb salad in crepe form, and the Berkeley, which includes spinach, eggplant, mushrooms, and goat cheese topped with pesto. You also have the option to choose your own ingredients and go wild.  I've yet to sample more than two of the sweet crepes but both were well executed. Crepes Suzette is an easily botched dessert so I was pleased that they lived up to their namesake. The Five Little Monkeys crepe was flavorful but definitely sweet to the max. Maple syrup and chocolate sauce ontop of bananas, whipped cream, and ice cream?! I had a big bite and left it at that.   They have many kinds of Torani syrups for making Italian sodas, if you're into that kind of thing. Their coffee offerings are also vast and highly recommended by my dining companions. I can't vouch because I get beffuddled when scanning their broad selection and end up opting for water. Lame, I know. I'm looking forward to trying one of their ritzy beverages one of these days alongside that divine looking s'mores crepe.  

                Suzette Crepe Cafe definitely makes for a relaxing and satisfying breakfast/brunch stop!  Located towards the end of Solano Avenue, the cafe is small but has a nice selection of tables to dine at. The general atmosphere is friendly, families and couples frequent here to indulge in their sweet and savory crepes.   I'm partial to dessert crepes so I was pleased that their Crepe Suzette was prepared quite well. The presentation was also a nice treat.  I also sampled their Los Angeles savory crepe (the cafe's take on a Cobb Salad) as well as their Marseilles brie crepe with tomatoes, basil, and pesto. All were very flavorful and hit the spot.  You are also given the option to create your very own crepe with their variety of ingredients. The crepe batter can also be adjusted to your liking since they also offer whole wheat, and gluten-free alternatives.   I wasn't exactly a fan of the color-scheme of the cafe with the walls being painted in a kind of yellowish-tan paint but, their crepes made up for it in the end.   The service is good, the cafe makes for a great stop for a casual get together with friends or family, and the crepes are yummy!  

                Sweet little café, friendly, well priced and large portions for crepés. The spinach and goat cheese could have used way more cheese and some kind of sauce but my partner's crepé did have good flavor. Two kids and two adults with bevies cost is $35, not bad for the Bay. If return, but not too frequently so that I can appreciate it.  

                SUPER great friendly staff yummy yummy fresh food cute clean cafe I love it!!! I dropped my knife and in no time I was given another one by the employee :) great service!  

                When I think of this place the first words that comes to mind is: cozy. I was impressed in all aspects (and extremely full).  We had every intention of getting lunch a little bit after but the crepes we had here were so big it kept us full for hours.  They also make a mean coffee and the service was warm  and personable.  Will definitely go back if I'm in the area.  

                Love their banana nutella crepe! :D  

                Definitely the place.  It's pretty simple here, folks; not gonna get all fancy.  This place has good service, and great food, but the salad was not a great value for your $ compared to the crepe so I'll stick to the crepes.  That being said we had the buckwheat batter for the crepes is out of this world, and they know how to do the sweet and savory just right.  Will be coming back here over and over.  

                I had high expectations from the yelp reviews - but I am disappointed with the lemon crepe I just tried.   The crepe was a bit doughy and a little undercooked - and absolutely no caramelization (no golden brown color or taste of browned sugars). There was NO lemon until the last bite.  Very disappointing.   My latte was excellent.  The server was perfect!   I guess I'll have to give them another chance.  I'd really like to have a creperie in the neighborhood that popped my cork. I was regional manager for the California Magic Pan creperies. I love great crepes and I have high hopes I can find them here next time I come in.  

                First time there and it was a Yelp review that us there.   Nice little Restraunt. Easy to find and parking was not an issue. Friendly customer service. The food was exceptional. Had the Albany crepe.  Lots of flavor and was surprisingly light and filling.   I would definitely return for a meal.   Priced right all around nice place.  Not a chain restraunt.  

                The low 2 star rating is purely for their gluten-free crepes. The atmosphere and regular crepes are a solid 3.  We stopped by as we'd heard good things about this neighborhood spot and that they offered gluten-free options! Unfortunately the gluten-free crepe was terrible.  I ordered a cheese and ham gluten free crepe. They were very, very skimpy on the filling with ham on about a quarter of the crepe and barely any cheese. Unfortunately the buckwheat GF batter did not make up for the lack of fillings. It was very dry and tasteless, unlike buckwheat crepes I've had elsewhere.    Needless to say more crepe was left on my plate than made it into my tummy. A very disappointing experience. I would not recommend their GF options.  On the plus side, my husband enjoyed his regular crepe and their tea and expressos were good. I'd stop by again for a beverage or salad as it has a nice neighborhood, kid-friendly vibe.  

                A real gem! A really small and quant store which you could possibly miss driving by. Once you taste the delicious food you will understand why the ratings are so high. We love it here and we will definitely becoming back!  

                If you have ever had an Asian crepe, you know how addicting that kind of deliciousness can be. It tastes nothing like the American crepe that you get at eateries like Crepevine or whatever. When you are craving the light, crispy, sweet crepe, nothing else will do.  That's why Suzette Crepe Cafe is so amazing. Not only are they able to make perfect crepes, you can customize it to your tastes, whether it be sweet or savory. Their savory crepes are on point, and definitely compliment the sweetness of the crepe. I like simple desserts, and their strawberries & nutella crepes are simply divine.  Our usual trips are more for snacking, where we share a savory and a sweet crepe. I wouldn't recommend coming here to satisfy immense hunger, bc the crepes aren't the hearty and filling type. But for a date or casual hangout? Definitely.  

                I've been eagerly awaiting the opening of this local crepe cafe and was happy to see the grand-opening balloons waving invitingly this hot, Sunday afternoon.   The cafe has wood floors, tables and panels that make the place feel warm, casual, and comfortable. A little awning peeks above the counter where you order with two crepe griddles hot and ready. I wasn't paying attention as to whether the crepe batter was poured the moment I ordered or if there were underbaked crepes waiting to be heated up like at Crepes A Go Go. But I was overwhelmed by the comprehensive menu and decided that, for my first time, I'd just get a sugar crepe. I wanted lemon juice on it but they didn't have lemons so I waited until I got home to smother my skinny pancake with Meyer lemon juice - and it was definitely what the doctor ordered.  You have an option between sweet or savory crepes, meaning that the crepe itself- not the topping - has a personality. The sweet crepe felt like it was a little too sweet but I did order it with sugar so I'd recommend getting the crepe plain if you want something tasty but not saccharine.   The crepe is thin and pliable, and not too greasy. I liked the chewiness, and I think the thinness is important to mention since other places are using flour that really makes the crepe thick and fluffy which - although it can be tasty in its own way - is more American style than French.  My crepe was $3. That means the add-ons are going to beef up the price, but it seems within the range of what people are charging elsewhere for crepes.  

                First time here crepes were yummy and the place was clean and the lady that works here was very helpful and nice. Great location.  

                Great service and both the sweet and savory crepes are to die for! I've been a few times and it's never crowded! It being in Solano ave makes me love this place even more!  

                This is my favorite place to work. There's always a table in the morning and they're always clean. There are outlets near all of the tables. There are many sweet and savory options for snacks. The coffee is excellent and plentiful. The prices are great. And the couple that owns Suzette could not possibly be nicer or more accommodating. LOVE SUZETTE.  

                Time: 4:49pm  Purpose: In area with businesses to attend for business meetings.  Set-up: Crêpe and drinks only.  Staff: Friendly acknowledges you then stands there looking at you til you figure out what you wanted.  Cleanliness: I expect the place e to be more cleaner than other eateries as it's primary item is crêpe clean up is a breeze. I see some imperfections here but they're just minor.  Eats/Drinks: I was given a choice of anything on menu so I pick one from the out of this world crêpes the campground basically (smores) price is $5.25 if I had to pay. Overly sweet and nothing special about it but for some they may like it. The ingredients are as low as basic that can be pick up from any local grocer including grocery outlet.  Products: Breakfast,savory&sweet,worldly,create your own,sweet,out of this world crêpes. Espresso bar,hot&cold drinks,frozen drinks,water,juices prices varies depending on what you want.  Punch Line: Lots of choices,get to make your own, and friendly staff/customers.  Final Thoughts: It's the only crêpe place on solano ave so this place maybe a hit for the after school crowd but for me it's nothing special that I never had before. I don't know if the owner went to these countries before or what most of the crêpe are name of a country,city, and a business next door that has monkeys involved. Baffles me here maybe one like the crêpes and the other like their toys so agree on getting naming rights.  

                Crepes were mediocre but the real issue was the lack of chairs... Even though there were plenty of tables. Where are the rest of the chairs? We even asked for some chairs and they said they didn't have anymore ...  I don't even. Get more chairs. LOL  

                Mariah Carey blasting, Kirkland pesto by the jarfull.  The owners sat down at the table right next to us and had an emotional conversation in Vietnamese, French & English about how they're struggling money-wise. Awkward!! The fillings in our crepes were very skimpy too, and when I asked the lady owner for more Bechamel for my kid's crepe, she literally yelled at me. PLENTY OF BECHAMEL IS IN THERE! IT IS IN THERE!  

                Delicious crepes, friendly atmosphere and it's in a great location. I had the 5 monkeys and the Los Angeles crepe both were really good! The staff is pretty nice.  

                Had a groupon for $10.  Got a Nutella crepe ($3.50) and a Bangkok ($7.25).  This place doesn't give tiny portions like some other crepe places I've been to... The Bangkok was HUGE!  Definitely was a good sized meal.  After eating that and the Nutella, I was stuffed (and I eat a lot).  The savory crepes are made from buckwheat flour, which is great as well.  My only wish was that the Nutella crepe had more powdered sugar :).  Definitely worth it with the groupon certificate.  

                The food was excellent. Owners are friendly.  Had a great lunch today. Will be back for more  

                Suzette Crepe Cafe mostly just sells crepes: generic, sweet, and savory ones. savory ones are named after cites. each has different ingredients.  drill: order at counter, pay. food brought to table.  eats: "albany": (5.25) swiss cheese, mushrooms, ham, bechamel sauce -thin crepe with lots of fresh diced ham and mushrooms within.  -pretty good deal. -prep takes out 5 minutes.  crumbs: -seating on bench type chairs -build ur own crepe option also available-inexpensive. -self busing on dishes, water, utensils. (save on tip)  

                Woo Hoo!  Another affordable place on Solano Avenue.  I had brunch here yesterday with my friend, D, and her mom, J. J had been here before and was anxious to have us try it out.  The three of us shared the very ample size crepes all made with Buckwheat and wheat crepes:  The MARSEILLES--I think this was our favorite Brie, Pesto sauce, Tomatoes and Basi--Pesto was fresh and tasty  BANGKOK-Yummy--a perfect combination of chicken and fresh, crunchy veggies Grilled chicken, Red Cabbage and carrots, cilantro, scallions, Bell Pepper, Peanut Sauce  FLORENCE--Also yummy Spinach, Mushrooms & Monterey Jack Cheese  J had a soy decaff chai latte--tasty.  She joked how a soy decaff probably defeats the purpose of having a latte.....  I had a soy hot chocolate---perfect!  We shared a dessert crepe--FIVE LITTLE MONKEYS (Vanilla ice cream, Maple Syrup, Walnuts, Banana, Whipped cream and chocolate sauce) Scrumptious --I'm glad we shared.  btw---those crispy edges were divine!  The staff here is very sweet,  even when a big flood of Albany High students  flocked in.  The space is clean, comfy and sunny.  We'll definitely be back!  

                My favorite breakfast place on Solano. The crepes are huge with generous filling.  We always get the savory crepes. There're plenty of options; but if you don't see what you like you can always create your own crepe.  We've been there prob. 6-7 times and the service has been consistently good.  

                Great ambiance, good value and its a local business!   Suzette is a really good addition to Solano bc its actually a genre we don't have in this part of the East Bay or on Solano.  There's about 5-6 savory crepes and 5-6 sweet crepes for under $5 each. Or you can build your own for. $2 base and each addition is either $.50 or $1 depending on what you choose.  Ice cream is included on some, but you can add a scoop for $1.  The crepes are HUGE with a crispy edge.  Since our 4 sweet crepes took some time to get to the table and came out one by one as they were ready, I think they made them fresh.  I had the nutella crepe w ice cream.  The rest of the crepes we had were the Five Little Monkeys (banana, maple syrup, walnuts; our favorite); Nutter Butter (peanut butter, honey, banana) and Black Forest (chocolate, cherry, whipped cream).  I  would have wanted whipped cream as a free extra or a slightly larger scoop of ice cream, but all in all, we are happy!!   We can't wait to come back again and again...and again...  

                They have a range of fillings that will satisfy a lot of different tastes - both savory and sweet. The crepes are pretty big in size, so you really get your money's worth, and a full meal. They also have gluten free crepes, made out of buckwheat! They aren't the yummiest things ever when paired with one of the sweet fillings, but with the savory fillings they are really good.  

                This is a really cute place with a theme of butterflies and nature.  The eating area and restaurant itself is mostly wood paneled with little shelves of tea and pastries.  The menu is well thought out with sweet crepes and savory crepes with some breakfast items thrown in.  The prices are very reasonable.  You can get a Nutella crepe for about four dollars and you can get strawberries thrown in for an extra dollar.  House coffee is under 2.00 dollars and there is a free refill.    Service is slow but the food is good.  The two people in the front work hard but on a busy day like this morning, service can take about 20 minutes for a crepe to be made. Lots of children eat here with their parents.  I think the cook had to make more than ten crepes in an hour and each crepe takes a few minutes and there were only two crepe makers.  The savory crepes are a generous size and come with lots of spinach, cheese, or whatever you order.  My husband's apple compote crepe had a very generous apple filling and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  If you order a Nutella crepe like I did this morning, make sure you add berries to it because it's much better with fruit.   I'd definitely come back for a crepe breakfast with coffee.  It's much more quaint than Denny's and it's healthier too!  

                Fresh, fast, tasty and not pricy. Nice place!!! Had the Florence with spinach (perfectly sautéed) mushrooms and cheese. It was simple, clean and perfectly prepared. Coffee is really good too.  

                Great spot to get a satisfying supper for under $20 .  Friendly, clean, cheerful place. Delicious crepes. Try the Berkeley (vegetarian) or the. Acapulco. Conveniently located near the Albany theatre.  

                This is THE PLACE to go to on Solano! I know it's new, but they have a huge menu and the crepes are awesome. They offer both savory and sweet crepes, a full espresso bar, and a ton of different teas as well.   The crepe I had was perfect, and the whipped cream and ice cream complimented it as well. The owner is from France so the crepes are pretty authentic. He's Cambodian, but he's French. He grew up in France and speaks it fluently, I swear. The portion sizes are large for the price too, so you're getting a good deal.   The decor is very cute. I like the puppy poster on the right side of the store! The bathrooms are clean too, which is a huge plus in my book. I heard the place will be getting free wifi for the customers as well within the next few weeks, which is another plus, especially since there are a ton of outlets installed throughout the whole store. No fighting for a power source here, woo hoo!  Lastly, the owners are amazingly nice, and extremely patient with their customers. They don't rush you to make an order. They're always smiling. They are so friendly; I know they will have a rush of regulars soon enough. Good luck Suzette Crepe Cafe!  

                Delicious. Bangkok crepe is very flavorful and quite spicy. Definitely give it a try.  

                Despite all the wonderful reviews and the local hype, my huband and I were squarely not impressed. We finally ended up dining here after three attempts to "grab food from here" when in a mild hurry. The first two times we ended up canceling our order because waiting 20+ minutes for two crepes was not within our time budget. Finally, trial #3, we ended up waiting out the total 30 minutes it took for us to receive our 2 dessert crepes and 1 savory crepe.  The bill was only $15 total, which was extremely reasonable given what we ordered. The amount of time it took for us to receive our food, however, was not quite so reasonable; perhaps it's because there were only two places on the oven to make crepes, but for a full house (Sunday brunch) of over 40 patrons, most of whom are families of small children, I don't think 2 oven slots is quite enough. Probably a good problem to have. :)  The crepes themselves? Had better. I like the thin buckwheat and whole wheat options. Too bad the insides (peanut butter for one; spinach egg mushroom for the other; and cinnamon sugar to end) were rather skimpy and flavorless: not sweet enough, not salty enough, and quite dry overall.  I will say, though, the cashier and waitstaff were very chipper and friendly. A+ for attitude and for having budget vegetarian options.  

