                Favorite Chinese place around. Although they're not really authentic Szechuan Chinese and cater more towards non-Asians, their food is still consistently delicious. I've always had great customer service as well, whether dining in or ordering take out. They're super friendly and the order is always correct and cooked in a reasonable time. The price is right and they are open late too. If you are craving good Chinese food and want a no nonsense experience in a casual atmosphere, eat here!   Favorites are Honey Walnut Prawns, Sesame Chicken, Chow Mein, and Mongolian Beef.  

                Prawns with Black Bean Sauce & fried rice!  Also, Spicy Peanut Butter WonTon, super good.  Yummy Chinese food, especially if you like some Sichuan heat for lunch.  

                Going to enjoy a big lunch today! My favorite chinese restaurant anywhere! My favorite dishes are the peanut butter wonton appetizer. ...which I know sounds odd but is totally delicious....just think of Thai style won tons ...best over rice! They also have handmade potstickers and their signature dipping sauce that complements the potstickers (and everything else ) perfectly! My husband loves their fried rice and chow mein....which are always on point!  My newest dish I tried was 3 kinds of mushrooms in oyster sauce. They also added several other veggies which made it even better than I had expected!   This is the only sit down chinese restaurant we go to!  

                This is the second time I've been here and it is so far my favorite spot in East Bay to grab the Hot and Sour soup.  I actually came across this listing via Yelp one evening when looking for a Chinese spot.  The reviews were good and the stars the clincher, so it came across as a good spot to try.  I am a big fan of old school Chinese American joints that still boast an interior from the 1940's, ie., shiny maroon vinyl booths and rickety tables but the service and food are what make the place.    We ordered the Hot and Sour Soup, Cha Siu chow mein, Ginger Beef, Sweet and Sour Chicken, and Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce.  The portions here are huge and every dish did not disappoint.  The Hot and Sour soup has a good balance of slight tang and peppery finish to it.  Stocked with large cuts of tofu and slivers of bamboo and carrots.  The Ginger beef has thick slices of fresh ginger root and it infused the dish with the aromatic zing.  The Cha Siu was fresh and juicy and the chow mein noodles of the thicker variety.  Service is quick and the host/hostess are very friendly, welcoming both local patrons as well as newbies such as myself.  Inexpensive, plentiful, and good Chinese American food served with a smile.  I just came back to the city with an order of their Hot and Sour soup.  Located right off the 80, make it your next stop either in or out of the Bay Area.  

                Food and service is always good. I went for lunch today ordered sweat n sour prawns food was on my table in ten min. And it was hot definitely would come back  

                Visited this place w/my sister and her daughter for lunch recently based on the positive Yelp reviews.  Unfortunately, Szechuan Chinese Cuisine did not live up the the reviews.  We tried the peanut butter won tons which were bland and uninspiring.  Also tried some of their roast pork, calamari and some other things which were just so so.  Will not be eating there again.  

                Well I have been to many Chinese restaurants around the bay and u have got to say that this place has the  *** best HONEY WALNUT PRAWNS***  I Haven't really tried it with anything else, I had this during their lunch special which included cup of soup and fried or white rice and a cup of tea.  Fried rice was decent soup was meh. .. and tea was typical  but that wasn't the reason I was there anyway...  Again. ..  GET THE HONEY WALNUT PRAWNS  NICELY BATTERD FRIED AND GENEROUS AMOUNT OK THAT CREAM SAUCE AND OF COURSE  CANDIED WALNUTS.   What are you still doing good reading this review? . Order it now and be satisfied!   UUM  

                The best hot and sour soup! Yum!! An order of egg rolls, hot & sour soup, and Mongolian chicken... you're good to go! Service is great. Friendly and fast. Been going here for over a year now. :)  My only complain would be the booth seating kind of slumps down.. Definitely needs to be revamped.  

                Convenient location,  tons of parking,  quick and friendly service,  great food,  large quantities and great value. Long time business owners so you know what to expect every time.  

                My new Chinese spot when I have the craving! Very impressed always take out might have to go sit down. Vegetables are always fresh and the A la carte portions are perfect for 3 or 4. I personally love there orange chicken, broccoli and beef the most. Egg roles are a must too. Very good mhhmmmmm  

                Best Chinese food in Vallejo! Recently moved to Vallejo and have been looking for a decent Chinese food place to eat at. Finally down the street I found this place off yelp reviews and gave it a try. My whole family enjoyed it. We all agreed this will be our new spot when we are in the mood for Chinese, yummy.  

                The best Chinese food i have ever had.    Super nice staff.   Try the freakig cherry chicken.  Unbelievable.   Soooo damn good its insane.  The fried rice was cooked nicely and the steamed rice was perfect.  Love this place.  Would give them 5 stars if they would have been more attributed to our water situation  

                This was a nice surprise for Vallejo I was in desperate need of some soup and too far from the east bay so I opted to try this place. The location is directly off the freeway which was convenient for me and right next door to a Mexican market maybe a good place to try after some grocery shopping for you locals.  What I had: Mongolian chicken the sauce on this dish was delicious I would definitely recommend this one.  Steamed fish with baby bok choy was delicious and fresh the sauce was not too heavy.  Curry spicy shrimp includes bell peppers onions and carrots I was not a fan of this dish the curry was very tame for my tasty taste buds.  Hot and sour soup was really good a little on the sweet side for me but a little of their chili paste fixed that however I did like the fact they add protein to the soup not just tofu.  Pros: -Decent price good food. -Fast and friendly service. -You can request no MSG and skip the      headache. -Clean restaurant and restroom. -They serve beer.  Cons: -The curry was watery for me.  J favorite: -Mongolian chicken. -Steamed fish with baby bok choy. -Hot and sour soup.  Note: this review is based on location and my desperate mental state for some soup.  

                Our go to chinese food place- they're really sweet to my toddler who's eating by himself and yes he makes a mess- I just leave extra tip- not to mention the food is spot on- plenty of parking- convenient location-- I love the hot and sour soup too :)  

                I met the developer who rebuilt the strip mall where this restaurant is located and he told me that Szechuan Chinese Cuisine (SCC) is considered to be the best Chinese restaurant in Vallejo.  Apparently all of the Vallejo City officials eat here.  Well, Game On!  How could I resist testing such a claim!  Up til then our favorite Chinese restaurant in the county was China Wok (see my review <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz/china-wok-vallejo#hrid:q5O8ha5yGeqU5CZqANXjGg">yelp.com/biz/china-wok-v…</a> )  Would China Wok keep the top spot or be dethroned by SCC?  I zipped over there after work and got the family dinner to go (so this review is pretty much about the food, not the table service).  I ordered our favorite dish, favorite Kung Pao Chicken, eggplant with pork, crispy pork, and peanut butter wonton.  The last dish was ordered based on recommendations from other Yelp reviews, it is more of a dessert than an entree.  Each dish was made with fresh ingredients - no unpleasant surprises or weird tastes and odors here.  The dishes were all less oily than at other Chinese restaurants, including China Wok.  Advantage SCC!  But as their name implies SCC is a Szechuan restaurant, and this region of China is known for its chili peppers and spicy food.  I have been to Szechuan Province in China and you can see huge bunches of chilis hanging from almost every porch! Please look at the photos I posted and tell me if you can see a single chili pepper:  <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/szechuan-chinese-cuisine-vallejo?select=oRWUk1NET7H4og4XvqUsXg#xXE4Asb9XEq6pVjRr3lVDw">yelp.com/biz_photos/szec…</a> <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/szechuan-chinese-cuisine-vallejo?select=oRWUk1NET7H4og4XvqUsXg#FfC_AeXT-gVvuy4Oq1TFFw">yelp.com/biz_photos/szec…</a> <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/szechuan-chinese-cuisine-vallejo?select=oRWUk1NET7H4og4XvqUsXg#S5OsaEU2CT7TEzOiT6wdrg">yelp.com/biz_photos/szec…</a>  You can't because there weren't any, only a few chili flakes.  When I phoned in my order the lady was thoughtful enough to ask me how spicy I wanted my food and I told her MEDIUM.  I did NOT tell her that I was deathly allergic to chili so don't put one darn chili in the food.  Since every dish I ordered except for the wonton is normally a spicy dish (we like it hot!) the family was sorely disappointed by the absence of any chili peppers.  Big miss SCC.    Even without the chili peppers the food was reasonably tasty and because it seemed healthy with below average grease levels everybody ate quite a bit.  We all liked the Crispy Pork and the peanut butter wonton.  The eggplant and kung pao just weren't right without enough spice.  I will be back to give them another try but this time I am going to tell them to back up the chili truck and make it EXTRA SUPER BURN-MY-ASS-OUT SPICY.    Our conclusion until then is that SCC is still second best to China Wok!  4-Stars for the healthy food and decent service  

                Wow where do I begin.... We have been coming to Szechuan House since we moved to Vallejo some 20 years ago and boy has this place become a go to place to celebrate graduations, birthdays, ect!! It is amazing!   We order the same thing almost every time! We start with the wor own ton soup which is filling and has the right amount of own tons shrimp, chicken and veggies! We eat it with rice:) then we get the combination or chicken chow mien which is yummy! Not too greasy and garlicky! We also get the spicy chicken steak which is fabulous! Plus a side of steam rice! We have tried tons of other stuff too much to mention and have all been outstanding! The cook Adrian and my dad are good friends plus the owners are wonderful kind people who remember are very attentive, kind and helpful! I highly recommend this place and am ashamed I haven't written a review sooner!  

                Came here on a Saturday afternoon and the place wasn't too packed. Service was quick and the guy was really friendly. They have lunch specials even on Saturday with plates running from $6-8 that includes a main dish, fried rice or chow mein, soup, and eggroll.  What we swallowed:  SPICY PEANUT BUTTER WONTON: These were interesting on the menu and even more interesting in your mouth. Won tons filled with peanut butter? They were actually good but like I said, a bit interesting. The dish was almost leaning toward Thai a bit (if you added a bit of heat). Glad we got to try it but I wouldn't order it again. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/szechuan-chinese-cuisine-vallejo?select=oRWUk1NET7H4og4XvqUsXg#jLIulPHJRDiI8M3VnkABfg">yelp.com/biz_photos/szec…</a>  POT STICKERS: These potstickers were loaded with filling/meat. They had good filling and a crispy and chewy skin.. but they were not the best I've ever had. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/szechuan-chinese-cuisine-vallejo?select=oRWUk1NET7H4og4XvqUsXg#Xv5xjli6nKQKSSPnwlwZZQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/szec…</a>  HOT AND SOUR SOUP: This soup was pretty good: nice and thick and had a good flavor. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/szechuan-chinese-cuisine-vallejo?select=oRWUk1NET7H4og4XvqUsXg#RXBtsTl41f-J_8is3ntjGQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/szec…</a>  CHICKEN CORN SOUP: This came free with our meal combo, it had a nice flavor but if I had to choose between the two soups, the hot and sour was definitely better. When I asked the server if I could switch out my chicken corn soup for hot and sour soup, he went on to tell me which soups were on what days. He was too sweet for me to tell him that we were just visiting from out of town and will probably never be back here again. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/szechuan-chinese-cuisine-vallejo?select=oRWUk1NET7H4og4XvqUsXg#HXXNn71RYvn_ZW4Y-12CXg">yelp.com/biz_photos/szec…</a>  SPICY CRISPY PORK with FRIED RICE: The crispy pork was fried heartily (not greasy). The batter was very thick but was essential to hold up to the sauce. It was a good dish and I liked it. The fried rice had a good flavor too. This is a dish best eaten right after they serve it so don't bother thinking you can take any leftovers home and it still be the same dish. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/szechuan-chinese-cuisine-vallejo?select=oRWUk1NET7H4og4XvqUsXg#ZxbyVXd3k0zk3-3E6Gi1vg">yelp.com/biz_photos/szec…</a>  EGG ROLLS: These also came free with our meal combo: it was just your typical egg roll. I only ate half. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/szechuan-chinese-cuisine-vallejo?select=oRWUk1NET7H4og4XvqUsXg#BSk4ip_kZ4S-Z2xKDnciXA">yelp.com/biz_photos/szec…</a>  SZECHUAN BEEF with CHOW MEIN: The beef was tender and the dish itself had good flavor.. but packin' any heat, it did not (said Yoda). The chow mein was your standard chow mein faire. <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/szechuan-chinese-cuisine-vallejo?select=oRWUk1NET7H4og4XvqUsXg#zJybHE84KUpW4kN3O_YzHw">yelp.com/biz_photos/szec…</a>  We came here on the pretense looking for spicy Chinese food and this place didn't quite deliver. The food is OK and I would compare it to fast Chinese takeout (like Panda Express) but at a sit-down restaurant with the price being in the same price range.  

                The calamari, fried chicken, and Singaporean noodles with BBQ chicken was REALLY GOOD  I love the spicy kick in the fried calamari and chicken. However, the service was a bit lacking in the beginning... We asked for straws and chopsticks three times before my brother had to stand up and ask for them. Overall, this place was great  

                Walked in and was expecting traditional Szechuan food. Once my family and I sat down we wanted to order some food but the waitress didn't know any of the dishes we had mentioned. The waitress even said, "oh we only cater to Caucasians." After looking at the menu and asking what is good, we decided to leave and not order anything.  

                Been eating here for nearly 20 years .  I realized I had never gotten a bad meal here and the service is always excellent.  For a real treat try the peanut won tons  

                Food is okay expect for the rude guy waiter here. I dont like his attitude towards the customers.  

                Food is good , service is ok ,wish that the hair in my food wasn't there , no apology or new order of rice was given to us, I didn't want a refund , I just wanted fair service , the Chinese ate tight asses , I'll move on to js garden thanks  

                This place was amazing!!! Everything was so fresh and we ordered five different dishes....we will definitely be back...the price not expensive!!! A must try!!  

                My favorite Chinese food by far :)  I love their orange chicken, but all of the chicken dishes I've tried from here have all been on point. Their chow mien is also really good! The fried rice is good as well, but nothing special. My favorite has to be their Hot & Sour Soup! It's the best I've ever had. Their egg rolls are also pretty yummy!  You really can't go wrong w/ anything you order from here!  

                Super good Chinese food. Not to mention that the food was out within 10 minutes of ordering it. Nice atmosphere and great service. It's definitely a go.  

                This was the first time I've been here since my early childhood and although the outside appearance of the restaurant had changed, it is still as I have remembered it. Don't let the remodeled outside fool you, the interior still has that old school Chinese restaurant feel complete with the fish tank with the koi, foreign and domestic beer posters, and those vintage red booths.  My friend and I ordered the fried calamari for appetizer then got the spicy Mongolian chow mein, kung pow chicken, and the honey walnut prawns all family style. So with the exception of the prawns we were not short with the spicy stuff. Although Szechuan is defined by its spicy food their food was not only spicy but flavorful as well!  As my friend and I were from this neighborhood when we were younger, we were very familiar with this restaurant growing up. We were feeling very nostalgic coming in and they did not disappoint, it was as delicious as I remember it.  I'm sorry Annie's panda garden... I'm my eyes (and stomach) Szechuan has reclaimed it's place as the best Chinese restaurant in Vallejo.  

                Came here last Friday... Fast friendly service, good food!! We ordered a family dinner for 2 comes with appetizer n soup, 2 main dishes from the list they have. We also ordered walnut prawns. Our bill was around 38.00..great price. Definitely will come back here again.  

                The food is always fresh & delicious. Our go to meal is House fried rice, combo chow mein, braised beef & chicken wings.  

                Love, love, love, the General chicken lunch special. The service is wonderful and always with a smile....good food, good service what more could you want.  

                Horrible server... food wasn't good.. The hold on to your seat cause you will sink down. My first and last time to come here.  

                This place was awesome. We stayed at the super 8 behind the restaurant. It was literally a walk away. Food was fresh and delicious. The soup was plenty. I ordered a medium and couldn't even finish it. But took it all back with me. The staff was nice as could be, never had to ask for a thing. She made sure we had everything we needed.  

                Best place ever beef chow fun is the best also chicken wings are bad ass also the salt and peper pork chops are really good  

                I love the Hunan Chicken here!  People working here are very friendly too.  I always eat here any time I'm around the area.  

                The first place I go when I hit Vallejo.  I can never get enough of the PEANUTBUTTER WANTON SOUP, to die for.  Everything else is awesome too.  I'm drooling now thinking about going down in June and having some. Can't wait.   If you haven't tried the PEANUTBUTTER WANTON you've got to do so. The prices are great too. Waiters and waitress are very friendly, service quick.  

                The hot and sour soup was delicious.   Husband had the Dragon& Phoenix which was great.  Had no idea what in the world they used for the egg foo. young.  It was nothing like I was used to.  Not one egg, and kinda like a croquette.  Not good at all.  The prawns with snow peas had a whole bunch of snow peas.  

                Read the yelp reviews and went to try it out.  The peanut butter wonton appetizer is awesome!  Had ginger beef also, and it was so so.  The service was great and they were very friendly.  Overall it was pretty good  

                Hello......my name is JW and I am a won-ton soup-a-holic. Today is the first day of the rest of my life! Lol  I have been searching for a decent won-ton soup in vallejo and so far this place has it. BUT......Don't go based on the looks cause it's a sad looking looking soup. However.........Excellent broth.....doesn't need doctoring up!! Wontons are very tiny and have very little meat, so it's almost like ur eating a noodle.....a mushy doughy one, I don't particularly care for it. If U want more meat, get wor won ton!! This soup has a bunch of cabbage and not the traditional baby bok choy....but it works!  Pot stickers were juicy and delicious and crab puffs had lots of filling.   I'd go back.....customer service was excellent and they seemed super clean!!!!  

                I ordered the BBQ pork Singapore noodles. Yum. The food was good and the staff was super friendly. Always nice to find some good Chinese food.  

                First restaurant since moving to Vallejo that I liked.  Really liked the traditional feel of the place and loved the food.  Really fresh ingredients and traditional combo family meal that I was used to and looking for.  A real convenient comfort meal spot.  Definitely going back again.  

                My favorite Chinese restaurants closed Mondays do I came in to try this out. I was surprised. I grabbed a single dinner. Egg flour soup is my new favorite. The egg rolls and prawns where great!!! The Mongolian beef was super good. Very filling. Price was cool to being that I got a lot of food.  

