                Excellent traditional Mexican food, excellent customer service. By far, the best authentic Mexican eateries I have been to in Davis. And the sweetest owners around.   It is located just off downtown Davis, near 7-11. Don't let this location fool you though. It's like a hole in the wall kind of place. Parking is scarce on the weekends, so I really recommend going during the weekday, around afternoon/early evening.   I usually order the ceviche tostadas, fish, or shrimp tacos and they are very tasty and fresh. The fish is not "fishy," and tastes like how fresh seafood should taste like. Coming from a country where fish is a staple, Taqueria Davis passes my taste test. The seafood is well-marinated with a zesty lemon-lime marinade, with a touch of cilantro and minced onions. The corn tortillas for the tacos are warm and fluffy, just like the ones I ate in Mexico. Shrimps in the tacos are tender and juicy.  They use fresh vegetables, salsa (they have their little salsa bar), beans, and many more fresh ingredients.   Never ate the meats here, but a lot of my friends tell me that the meats are also of excellent quality. :)   You want authentic Mexican food?  This is a must try place. MUST TRY. I would like to be a regular here, but my metabolism won't cut it. :'(  I will eat here probably once a week to get my ceviche fix!  

                How. Do. You. Not. Tip?! The owner makes every customer feel like a brother. Like family. They get five stars for accomplishing that alone.   The burritos are large and in charge. Extremely juicy meats and very fresh guacamole. The California burrito makes our great state proud. Chips are unlimited and the sauce is damn good. They also do take out.   The only reason to be wary is if you are prone to overeating like I am. With food this plentiful and delicious, I have to be wheeled out each time.   And to the guy who always seems to be at the register whenever I visit...THANKS BROTHER!  

                Note: This review is based on the one meal we had here as we were driving by Davis one afternoon.  Friendly staff, large portions, agreeable prices, great salsas - mild and hot (how come we could never make something like this at home?), and of course, awesome food.  We had cheese quesadillas and two Super Burritos. All were tasty, but for sure, my husband's Beef Tongue burrito was a clear winner. I am going to order this next time instead of the chicken I had. The kids also enjoyed the chips and the green salsa.  The location is not the most convenient - it's several blocks away from the central downtown area - but it's worth a visit.  

                Years later, I still challenge anyone to find better mexican in the Davis area. Just had their carne asada super burrito and the meat is so flavorful, and paired with beans, rice, quac, sour cream. It just comes together so nicely.  It's too bad they don't open on Sundays, but they're a mom and pop and I totally respect that. But I'd lie if I said I haven't gone multiple times on saturday, loaded up on a couple burritos just to keep my mexican ration full.  Still would recommend the Taq.  

                I don't understand why everyone is raving about this place. The service is great, the people are friendly and the food comes out quickly so I feel bad for the 2 stars. However, I've been here twice, once I ordered tacos and then the last time a carne asada burrito. Both my orders had the same problem, the meat wasn't properly seasoned and it wasn't flavorful.  I appreciate that the burrito is big and kinda worth the money. Also the chips are freshly made but this doesn't really excuse the subpar food.  

                Best Mexican food in Davis. This place may be far off downtown, but that doesn't stop the college students from making a trip by bike, car or foot here! This place is not only adored by college students, but also Davis locals with their children often come here.  The service is impeccable with friendliness, food quality is on point, and their salsa is delicious to a fault.  Highly recommend burritos here, every single one is good.  

                The cashier that helped us out at Taqueria Davis was so sweet and nice, I wish I could give her customer service 5 stars as well!  I ordered a Super Burrito with Carne Asada and requested it to be toasted so that it'd have a nice crunch to it. After my first bite, my high expectations of this place were definitely met, as this was another recommended place to go to when I visited my UC Davis friends. My boyfriend ordered a Spicy Pork Burrito and I actually loved his order even more. The spicy pork was very tender and flavorful, whereas the carne asada was still nevertheless delicious, but was a bit more tough to chew.  They also have a platter of chips underneath a hot lamp to keep them warm, and you're free to bring home as many as you can fit into a brown paper bag that they hand you. There are several other things you can choose to bring home too if you please, such as their mild green sauce, their spicy red sauce, limes, etc.  In all honesty, I'm not the biggest fan of Mexican food, but there are a few exceptions such as eating at Taqueria Davis :)  

                good food, the salsa and chips are greater than average.  

                The staff were legit and the portions were phenomenal. Get the vegan burrito it's a pretty fucking dank. I consider this a pretty Hispanic place and I am from la so I consider myself knowledgable in this subject  

                +1 star because the food was tasty. +1 star because the service was friendly.  -10000000000 stars because of the sanitation issues.  Argh!  So there was a guy who sat behind the counter who wouldn't stop biting his nails/fingers.  Without washing his hands, he proceeded to pick up a clean empty salsa cup by the bar, blew it with his own breath, and put it back.  He then fiddled around with the other cups and lids and walked to the back...never washing his hands.  And then...the guy who was cooking the food used the spatula to throw food into his hand as he popped some of my al pastor in his mouth.  Lovely and very professional.    Oh, and then the guy who was biting his nails without washing his hands grabbed our plates and brought out our food.  Sigh.    After he cleaned the tables, he took the cups with leftover liquid in it and dumped it into the drain of the soda machine.  That's just gross.  You don't ever mix clean with dirty!!!    At this point, I had enough.    It's a shame though because our taco and mini quesadilla were delicious.  They were also super duper friendly and welcoming.  I just can't get around the issues with the sanitation.  I am sorry to say that I won't be back.  

                MUST TRY THIS PLACE!!! If you're looking to eat authentic Mexican food, this is the spot! My friends and I came across this family owned restaurant today, and we were so impressed on how amazing everything tasted! We ordered asada beef and chicken tacos. I am personally really picky about getting beef from random restaurants, but I assure you they use clean and very tender beef and fresh chicken! We also ordered carne asada fries and an enchilada and I'm telling you, you cannot go wrong! Even their homemade sauces were phenomenal! Oh and the staff is super friendly! We will most definitely come back! We officially made this restaurant our new spot!  

                Food is bomb! Best mexican food I have tasted in along time. Make me not want to go anywhere else. Good customer service too.  

                If your looking for some authentic delicious Mexican food you've come to the right spot! I love coming here because the food is delicious , and you don't feel like it's heavy on your stomach , tastes fresh and not greasy like other Mexican restaurants tend to be ! The staff is so friendly and very welcoming . All around a good experience !   The taco salad is a huge portion , plenty for 2 to share if you want a decent meal but don't want to spend too much ($7.50) with rice, beans, guacamole , cheese , salsa and your choice of meat served in a huge tostada.   The crispy tacos are a must try! Your choice of meat with guacamole, salsa , cheese in a crisp taco.  Their salsa bar doesn't have a ton of options but the red sauce is good , no need for any more options.  

                Great food, great owners and great service. I've been coming here for the last couple of years. The prices are good and the carnitas is awesome. IMO, this is the best Taqueria in Davis. One of the main reasons I make the drive to visit Davis!  

                This is probably my favorite Mexican food joint in Davis. The food and service is incredible! It's too bad it's a bit far from where I live, but I would still take the time to drive out here anyways when I'm out with friends.  The carne asada fries have certainly lived up to my expectations. If it's your first time coming here, definitely give that a try. It's my favorite thing off their menu, although I've tried their tacos and burritos too which are all just as good. I'm also in love with their horchata because unlike other places, they actually make it from scratch. It tastes so fresh and non-artificial!  So far I've never had problem with finding parking here, though I can see how it can get pretty packed. Each time I've gone here it hasn't been so crowded to the point where I couldn't find a seat.  

                This is a great little taqueria. First of all, the people who work there, especially the woman at the register are very friendly and instantly make you feel comfortable. The service was fast, even though it was Friday at 7 PM and there were quite a few other people there. Now to the food- my husband was so excited because they had pastor, and it did not disappoint. He got it in the super burrito, and loved it. I got the combo which is a great deal for the money - you can do up to three different tacos, enchiladas, chile rellenos, etc, plus it comes with rice, beans, and guacamole. I did a 2 item combo with a chile relleno and a chicken soft taco. Loved the rice and beans, the chile relleno was okay, but not as hot temperature wise as I would have expected and the cheese had a little different flavor. The chicken taco was good, but a little dry, so it helped to have the amazing red and green salsa from the salsa bar to put on top! Overall, we had a great experience here and I am excited to come back to try more things from their menu!  

                Don't know why it took me such a long time to try this place. This is hands down my favorite Taqueria in Davis. The food is great and the owners/employees are all incredibly nice and helpful.   I came in on a slower weekday afternoon and ordered a Carnitas Torta and a horchata. The food came out quickly and it was delicious. The horchata was especially good. There was just the right amount of cinnamon in there. I will definitely be back to try everything else.  

                5 stars because:  + food is <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbomb.com&s=bb4f996415a9c2f21137e27cfb68f439a48cec2652b53e9b50dd7e766dbe177e" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bomb.com</a> + owned by two of the sweetest people ever + knowledgable on their menu * I can't get enough of their tacos  + hello semi secret taekwando fries/ tacos that are WAY better than competing Korean taco style restaurants   I have come here so often these past two years that I can't believe it. Not only is the food quality always amazing, I leave filled and beyond satisfied.   I love that the owners are always so knowledgable on the menu. Whenever my favorite things are out (which is rarely), they always have something new and delicious to suggest. And the price just can't be beat.   Head here for tacos. You won't regret it!  

                Obviously it has been said plenty...the food here is top notch.  Hands down there is not a single Taqueria in town that can compete. It has also been mentioned numerous times and yet worth mentioning again...the incredibly friendly service.  If the book Raving Fans knew about this place before writing the book they would have included this place.  I am always in awe how these people can be so upbeat and friendly everyday.  I always walk out of here feeling like a million bucks.  Of course the food is superb but you gotta come check this place out just to see this customer service in action!  

                Only been here once since it's a little out of my way, but wow! Got four beef tacos, so fresh and flavorful. Will add more later.  

                Most people love it here but my first time was a bad experience. Usually, I don't let one bad experience stop me from giving a place a second try, but too many things went wrong for me to ever come back. The pico de gallo that went with the chips was not at all fresh, it tasted like it was many day sold. The water from the drinks dispenser had a very strange taste to it. The burrito I ordered had some strange pungent smell. There was way too much sunlight at my table and all the other tables were full. I know this place has much better food so I probably just came on a bad day, which is why I'm giving this place the benefit of the doubt. Otherwise, I'd give a 2 star rating  

                This is definitely the best taqueria in town. I think Davis does a terrible job with Mexican food so I admit, that is not saying much. Let me elaborate.  I get a vegetarian burrito here about once a week. Their rice and refried beans are great. I've also enjoyed the whole pintos but I just prefer refried in general. The portions of the ingredients are the way I've come to expect having grown up with Mission burritos and they are properly distributed. None of that terrible, here's a big wad of rice, now here's a big cold wad of toppings. For a while I was pouting that the cheese was not melted, and  then I realized I can ask them to melt it. Game changer! - they will, I'm left without complaints.  Pretty good salsa bar-one verde and one hot red. I like the flavor of their verde better but the heat of the red is more my speed so I often mix them. They have a good mole on special sometimes too.  My dad misses Mexican food living in the Sierra foothills and so I bring him take out from here when I visit. He has had their meats and thinks they're delicious.  I also love the husband and wife who run this place. They are so kind and friendly. They give heartfelt hellos and goodbyes and are great when bringing you your food. They are closed on Sundays and though I miss them I appreciate seeing family values in commercial America and absence DOES make the heart grow fonder. They make me feel part of the family such that when contemplating my upcoming trip to Baja, I wonder if there is anything from Mexico that they miss that I could bring them. I have never felt that way about restaurant workers.  The only reason to skip this place is if you want a margarita (check out Tres Hermanas near Amtrak but burritos, enchiladas, beans are just ehh).  

                I actually really really like this place! their CALIFORNIA BURRITO (~$8) with asada has a signature taste/texture that's hard to beat. Recently tried their torta (~$6) with carnitas (pretty good recommendation from the cashier, as it was juicy with some fatty pieces)  However, taqueria davis was lacking in a few aspects quite important to me, mostly in terms of value.  I was always bummed that they charge extra (about $2) to get chips and salsa if sharing an order. I understand their rationale, but I'm able to spare myself this cost if I eat at other taquerias with my bf. Again, this is a super minor issue. With every visit, their burritos have been getting smaller. I'm always craving the California burrito, BUT it's super disappointing when I see that 1/4 of the width of the burrito is just tortilla layers (an indication that the burrito was not as filled as it could have been, or as it used to be).  The salsas offered to go with the chips are limited (one spicy, one mild)  If you're here, get the california burrito and cherish it until the end. If you're on a budget probably not the best value for your dollar! It breaks my heart to only leave 3 stars, but i'll bump it up if anything changes!  

                I love this Taqueria!! The food here is delicious. I'm Mexican and I know authentic Mexican food when I taste it. The employees are so friendly and always welcoming! I'm here all the time, they know me and my family by name!! I've eaten at other Mexican restaurants here in Davis, but nothing compares to the food served here.  

                Soooooo... I'm partially Mexican and the biggest Mexican part of myself is my appetite! Heehee!  So when judging a Mexican restaurant I base my judgment on two things beans and salsa! Two of the most simplest things to make yet for whatever reason most places can't get the two right??? Strange I know! For me I Love this place! Both are amazing! I also love the shrimp tacos, the chili rellenos are amazing, their carnitas are so moist and delicious, oh and their tortas so yummy! They order the bread fresh from the bakery so get them before the lunch rush.  One of my favorite places to go and one that I always recommend! Oh yeah they also cater and it's as good as dining if not better!  You may feel like a sardine it is small inside restaurant parking is scarce, but food is worth it.  

                I love this place. I ate there a lot as a student at Davis. Their California Burritos kick ass.   Sara and Tarcisio are wonderful, warm people. I love them too!   I only kicked off a star because sometimes the meat has a bit too much fat and sometimes the chips aren't fresh, but prepackaged.  Other than that, it's a wonderful place to eat and socialize!  

                Highly recommend the chile verde. It was some of the best I've ever had. The service was good and extremely pleasant people. I'm  not one to write reviews unless I'm unhappy so for me to take the time says something.  It's a rather small place so I could see it being quite full during peak times. I went later so this wasn't an issue.  

                It's a bit out of the way but a really good Mexican place. First time I had horchata here and it was glorious. Everything was so good and made me want to get another bite. Flavorful meat.  

                I've probably been to every Mexican food restaurant in the area and nothing compares to the tacos al pastor from Taqueria Guadalajara. I would gladly drive from my town to Davis to get some of these delicious tacos!!  Not only is the food great but the staff is really friendly, and although I am not a regular(yet haha), I noticed that they greet a lot of their customers by name. I love the atmosphere and recommend it to everyone who wants authentic tacos!  

                Food always tastes great, and service is amazing. They're always so friendly and welcoming -- I always feel giddy when they call me "honey" or "sweetie." :D  

                Can think at least two taquerias in Davis that I prefer to this place, but hey they aren't open at 2:30. Also, some things like fish tacos and beer options are better here than elsewhere. It's the location really, if you're trying to find a go to place don't make this the only place you try. It's el Burrito tho  

                This place does live up to its expectations! I tried a fish taco, a chicken taco, and their horchata.   Their fish taco was delicious! They gave a lot fish and the sauce was full of flavor- yet it didn't overpower the fish.  The chicken taco was different because they use shredded chicken instead of grilled chicken. It was still good though.   The horchata was my favorite because it was sweet and smooth! The cinnamon flavoring was strong but not powdery. Best place to get horchata in my book!  

                Sad I haven't tried this place until just recently. Their cheese quesadilla with al pastor was amazing! Ask them to add pineapples, though it costs an additional 50 cents. The tortilla was crispy and the cheese and al pastor was excellent. Add some verde salsa and tapatio and you got yourself a meal! The small flour tortilla is more than enough for me, but if you have a big appetite, get the large flour tortilla.  

                I can't get enough of their carne asada fries! In my opinion, this is the best taqueria in town. Not only is the food delicious, the owner is really friendly as well. The only downside is that this taqueria is a little far (in Davis terms) from campus and downtown.  

                Great food and service!   Tacqueria Davis has the best service and friendliest workers around. Hands down. I've been here on multiple occasions and I have never had a bad experience. The cashier guy always calls the guys "Boss" and ladies "Madam" (or sometimes "Boss" too). He's always smiling and quick to suggest popular items if you're unsure of what you want or if it's your first time there. The workers sometimes walk around to check up on tables when it's not too busy (which doesn't happen too often, since this place is normally busy).  Food: Carne Asada fries: The meat is just sooo good. The fries themselves are nice and flavorful. They are very generous on the sour cream, guacamole, and meat too!  Super burrito: I've tried the Pastor (spicy marinated pork) and the Carne Asada. Both are made perfectly; the meat is really juicy and flavorful. The burrito itself is pretty big - I can barely finish one sometimes and I can eat quite a bit. It comes with sour cream, guacamole, rice, beans and lettuce.  Overall, I'd have to say this edges out Tacqueria El Burrito for the top tacqueria in Davis. Great food combined with the amazing service makes this place my number one choice. If it's your first time here, I'd recommend either the Carne Asada Fries or the super burrito.  Note: There's not a lot of parking in the lot, so you might have to park down the street sometimes. They are closed on Sundays. :(  

                Best (or should i say ACTUAL) mexican food in Davis. It is authentic and really good. The people are also extremely nice. Great portions.  

                Best Mexican food in Davis. The outside does not look like much, but I've learned that some of the best food comes from the most ordinary places. I always get the California burrito and it is always fantastic. Also, their green salsa is delicious.  The owners are always very friendly and make you feel very welcome.  

                Absolutely love the food here! The best Mexican restaurant in Davis! The owners are super nice and welcoming. I absolutely love their secret item, tae kwon do fries. It's the best when it's just made! They're sauce bar is good.. I love their green sauce! It's thicker than most Mexican restaurants.  

                This is THE place I go when I want Mexican food. Everything always tastes GREAT and the guy who works there is always so kind.  

                I have been eating at this restaurant for 14 years ever since the owner and his cousin owned it and now the owner and his wife both great owners now have done an amazing job to the restaurant. Whether I was 18 or 32 years old the food tastes amazing and it only gets better year after year . you have got to try their Taekwondo fries and their carne asada fries, it's the best ever and the portions are huge.  If you are out in Davis and would love to try Mexican food try this place it will blow your mind. BECAUSE ITS AMAZING.  But dont just listen to me...try it for yourself.  

