                Love this place! A liquor store with a deli inside.  Best mile high sandwiches around! Very generous with the meat when they make your sandwich.  Prices are great. Service is super friendly. I have recommended this place to everyone at my job.  

                This place is really a local haven for fresh meats of all cuts.  My favorite?  The 1 inch thick rib eye of course!  Ask them to put the dry rub on your steaks before you take them home to the BBQ- you won't be disappointed!  While I tend to marinate and freeze my steaks from the grocery store, I can't keep steaks from Terrace in the house long enough to even think about freezing them!  I have never been disappointed and the dry rub is perfect.  The customer service here is awesome as well on both sides of the store.  The other side is a convenience store and they are run by different folks, but they play very nicely with one another.  Pick up your steaks and sides at the meat counter and your condiments are just an aisle away!  The other thing that I love about this place is you can buy brats, hot links, hot dogs etc by the link.  We only eat a couple at a time so it is nice not to worry about making sure to use a whole bag before they go bad.  If you live in the area or drive by on your way home from work, stop by and pick up some steaks, ribs, dogs (whatever your fancy) and throw them on the grill for dinner.  That is exactly what the husband and I are doing right now!  

                I love their sandwiches here. They are not skimpy on the meat. Great options of meat, cheese and bread. They also have various salads that you can choose from also.  

                Terrace Market has the Best Sandwiches Around the Bay Area even to  Santa Cruz Area.I have Been going here since I was a little Kid  and could not reach the counter  BoB is a great guy nice Friendly People A+  

                Great sandwich selection. The meat was delicious. My bread was stale though and got very chewy at the end. Otherwise this would be a five star deli and a great place for some lunch. I got there rib as well. It was with a good price of $6 a box. Im not how it tastes yet.  

                Love this place! fast and consistent and delicious!!! great generously portioned sandwiches . You can create your own which is what I like to do.  My favorite? Ham and Swiss with veggies, spicy mustard and mayo on sourdough! Yum The staff is friendly and remembers you if u go in more than once.  Give it a try next time in San Leandro, San Lorenzo, Hayward, Castro valley even Oakland! or passing thru on the 580( easy access off of 167th/miramar-580east or 165th-580west!!)  

                Went here with low expectations but I was pleasantly surprised. Looks like a liquor store when you walk in but then you see a deli to the right.   I decided on the wheat roll and ham sandwich. Paid $6 and I was out the door.  Very generous w/ the meat however a little too much mayo (ill remember to say easy mayo next time)   Will definitely be coming back here to support this local deli!  

                This is the true definition of a "hole in the wall". This is my secret, little treasure of a sandwich place that I found out through my cousins and brothers. You will be guaranteed with a great, delicious sandwich. The pastrami sandwich with all the fixings and the potato salad on the side..KILLER. Love this place , a golden treasure.  

                Bring your appetite when you come to this place. Sandwiches are large and tasteful and great value for your money. Customer service is great. this spot is Truly a local gem.  

                Terrance Meat is a meat counter inside terrance market. they also make sammies to go (5) of the usual meats, no fancy name combos.  eats: $5 corn beef on sour dough, no tax. declined cheese not sure if included. -average sized, as much lettuce as meat. -flavor comes from peppers and mayo -bargain yes, the greatest, no 4.5 stars  crumbs -parking in front is seemingly unpaved  

                Omg this is my first time here and I'm in love . Friendly people and this sandwich is delicious! Very fresh, I'll be back for more! Thank you.  

                simply, the best!  

                MY FAVORITE SANDWICH SHOP!   They're very generous with meat when they make your sandwiches. $5 for a whole sandwich is definitely light on my wallet. I usually get a full sandwich, eat half and save the other half for later.  I would chose this place over subway and all those other sandwich shops. They've never disappointed me and I definitely recommend this place. They've stayed in business because of all the regular locals that come here.    Awesome idea for a date: -----get a sandwich togo and then drive up to Fairmont Terrace Park and have a picnic! If you're lucky the goats/rams will be on the other side of the fence and you can stare at their huge horns while the rams/sheep run into each other =P  

                Awesome deli, great service, price is just right, One of the best ever, Dont be fooled by the outside or location, truly a gem.  

                I didnt physically come to this location but a coworker of mine brought back a sandwich for me and it was so good!  I had a turkey and cheese on sliced sourdough with mayo and lettuce only.  The bread was soft and sour and there was a healthy portion of turkey and cheese.  I would much rather eat this than any $5 foot long!  More meat and higher quality ingredients!  

                This place has the best sandwiches-been goin here for years-i get roast beef n my daughter gets chicken salad sandwich-but i went end of March n my sandwich only had 2pcs of meat-got home ready 2grub n noticed somethin-it only had 2slices of meat compared 2the normal 5 or 6slices they give-i called thinkin young kid messed up-was told 2come back, so i did but bob said that the normal is now 2-3 cuz they r losin money-but of course they fixed it-so i go a few days ago to get another sandwich and as the guy is dividing the meat (of course my roast beef)into portions i see him tear a piece off n eat it-when he turned around n saw me i asked him if he just ate a piece of the meat while he was portioning it out-he looked shocked cuz he new he was busted and said yes-so i gave him the speech about being sanitary n what he had just did was nasty n all the other lecturing he needed-i was actually very shocked and disgusted i couldn't believe what i just saw-Bob overheard our conversation but didn't seem 2 care..was a 5 but after that a 1  

                Living about a quarter of a mile from The Terrace Market for most of my life definitely had it's perks. It was from this place, I learned to appreciate the artistry of sandwich-making (mind you I was getting sandwiches here before Subway or Togo's were around).   As a kid, I remember going to Oakland A's baseball games with my old man and packing a roast beef sandwich and enjoying a Sunday after game...ah the memories.   But seriously folks, beyond the nostalgic value of Terrace Market's sandwiches, there is definitely a gem to be found here.   I now live in Long Beach and visit my folks house about two to three times a year and always, and I mean ALWAYS make it a point to stop in a pick up a sandwich at least once while I'm up in the area...and amazingly, it's still as good as it ever was.   What makes the sandwiches so damn good? I honestly believe it's the fact that meat (be it roast beef, turkey or ham) is cut in house. When ordering a roast beef sandwich, the meat is cut in slices, unlike Togo's which it's all ground up and cut to shreds. They also use A LOT of meat (If you did go to Togo's back in the day and they piled the meat on a mile high, this is the equivalent of that...except better).   You have a few choices as far as bread (they have soft sourdough, french rolls and I believe rye). The service is great, especially if you're a local (they guy with the red beard is Bob...the young guy is DJ, if you dig old skool punk rock, you could shoot the shit with him all day!).   Prices are reasonable (I think a whole sandwich is now like $4.50) and be prepared for a wait if it's anywhere from 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM on weekdays, weekends tend to be a little bit lighter.   If you find yourself on 580 and pass up the Carolyn Street exit, and you are hungry for a great sandwich, hit this place up and I'm sure you won't be disappointed!  

                The sandwiches at this place are AWESOME and big too. So much flavor and you get your monies worth.  

                If ur are in a hurry or say making a road trip,like we were to nevada, all you got to do is call the order in and it will be ready for you when you get there, all kinds of sandwiches,on all kinds of bread with any kind of cheese you like, like my favorite is roast beef on sour dough, i also get meat packets for trip to put in cooler or for bar-b-que, they have steak,chicken,ribs, ect ,hot links ect different price packages.you can also order chicken salad, seafood salad, cooked ribs and chicken ,ya got to visit at least 1 time to see what i mean.and the guy BOB is real nice.  

