                Consistently great food. Wait times can be a bit long during lunch and dinner rush hours because they have a tiny kitchen, but the food is well worth the wait.   Excellent service, my family and I have become close on the owners.  

                I seldom give 5 stars, but this restaurant deserves it! Great customer service and excellent Thai food to match. I'm Korean American so I love spicy foods. I asked the server to make me cry from the spiciness of my Pad Thai. Though the spice wasn't what I wanted since I'm crazy and enjoy pain from spice (it's a Korean thing), one kind server brought me fresh spice, chili, peanuts, and peppers to go with my meal.   They really go above and beyond at this restaurant even still when they're busy with the lunch hour rush.  Don't forget to tip them, they really deserve it here.  

                So... I realize that they have specific times that they are open... and I loved all the food there, I must admit that we felt really rushed, because we had reservations at 2:00 pm, and they close at 3:00 pm.  I hope they felt that our bill for 7 adults and 3 kids that came to $186 was worth their while.  Got a chance to try the Beef Panang Curry... and loved it.  I always think if you make your curry thick and flavorful, it ranks up there as one of the best.. and this was.  Also tried a little bite of the Pad Thai with Shrimp, Pineapple Fried Rice, and BBQ Chicken and all were so yummy.  I will definitely return.  Main disappointment is that we all wanted to order dessert, and they said they couldn't because they were already closed. Never knew a business to turn down business... but oh well.  Hopefully we will be able to make it in earlier next time so we could try their dessert too.  

                Love Love Love this place.  It's on my way up HWY 80, and what a great find at the Pinole Valley Exit.  I first tried the spicy eggplant with pork.  The pork was cut perfectly and it was very tender.  Spicy...yes.  I went back a few days later and had the green curry chicken.  It was also very, very good.  I ran out of rice, there was so much thick and creamy green curry.  My friend had the Kao Soy, a Laotian pork soup which was very tasty as well.  

                I stumbled upon this place as I was at Peets across the street. My mom and I wanted to get some Thai food and we yelped a couple of nearby places and we decided to go with Thai Spice.  When we first walked in, we were seated pretty quickly and provided our menus and water. I wanted to try the papaya salad and nam kao as they seemed quite popular among others who have dined here before. We went with the Papaya salad and Tom Yum soup with shrimp to start us off and a Nam Kao and Red Chicken Curry for our main course. I think my mom and I chose too many dishes with a similar sour taste. The papaya salad was good! The Tom Yum was ok as I've had better elsewhere, the Nam Kao was worth trying but I probably wouldn't get it again. It didn't have enough of the savory taste I wanted but the Red Curry Chicken was good. It was just the right amount of spice and coconut milk flavor that I like. Overall, service was a bit slow as there seems to be only two waitresses who serve, take orders and handle the checks. If I was in the area I would probably come back but would try some different items.  

                We are so glad that we found one of our favorite food (Thai) in Pinole area. We have eaten here twice, and so far, all of them were good. We like their fish and/or shrimp cooked in their special sauce. Yum! Also, they have the Best service!  

                This is a great thai restaurant in a random spot. It is my favorite in the area. The staff is friendly and they are family owned. Menu items that are my top choices are:  - yellow chicken curry - fried calamari appetizer - fried duck - papaya salad - pad Thai with shrimp  - Thai tea  I love Thai food. If you're in the area and have a craving, this will sure enough quench it.  

                This place is actually pretty good for a small town. I've been here quite a few times and really like their pad Thai. Their food in general is really good. It has the right amount of heat that one would expect for Thai food. However, adding prawns to your dish costs $3, which is overpriced for how much they actually give you. Today, I ordered the pad ke mow with prawns and received four very small prawns that definitely did not amount to $3 worth. Other than that, the flavor and amount of food per serving is worth the cost of the dish.  They have really good and quick service. The staff is friendly and always appears happy to help.  The venue is nicely decorated with artwork and figures, which make for great ambience in the restaurant.  I enjoy getting food from here if I'm in the mood for Thai, and I'd definitely recommend it to those in the area.  

                So yummy! Reasonably priced and great flavors.  I ordered the pad see ew, eggplant and tofu and the red curry veggies- all excellent! Only fault was I got home and had white rice instead of brown rice, so confirm your order.  

                This restaurant was such a nice surprise! It's hidden in a dinky little strip plaza that I haven't been to in almost 15 years.  I tend to avoid this area of PV Rd just because the plaza across the street is a hellhole of traffic.  Came here because my mom wanted to come here for dinner. Jeez mom, why have you been making me take you to the Thai place in Rodeo all these years when this place existed?!  Came in on a Sunday evening right before the dinner rush hit so thank goodness we didn't have to wait.  This place was completely full and all tables taken, albeit it's quite a small place (with very nice decor and wood paneling on the walls!).  The food came out super slow and we were waiting for quite awhile.  The waitress lady was super apologetic about it though so I didn't mind it so much and also because the food ended up being delicious.   I got the Pad Thai. Beware, the pad thai here is VERY tangy..which I have discovered is exactly the way I like it! :D Big enough portion that I couldn't finish it and had to take the rest home.  I don't remember what my mom got (sorry mom...) but she has been here multiple times so i'm sure most things on the menu are also very yums.  Also got a Pad See Ew to go to take back to the bf in SJ. He was SO surprised that I brought back GOOD Thai food from middle of nowhere Pinole/Hercules.   I will definitely be returning! This has become my favorite place to get Pad Thai! Fingers crossed the big tangy flavor was not a fluke because they were busy LOL  

                Will not be visiting this establishment again. Food is still good but service was soo bad this time around. Bye thai spice. Hello won thai cuisine.  

                The last few times we've had takeout, it just wasn't as good as it was when were first started going.  The owner/chef  has been  out of the country. I will give them the benefit of the doubt and only reduce the rating by one star until we try it again  I still plot how to get the duck off S's plate on to mine. I think we need a small scale to be sure we are sharing the food equally.  

                I actually love this place. This is my go to Thai food aside from Blue Bay Thai in Richmond. I love their pumpkin and panang curry, goong ka Bork and crispy chicken. Those are the same things I order. I should explore my palate more.   There was one time that I came here that they were a little off with the dishes. Asked for extra spicy with my curry and I didn't taste even a kick. But that was just one time. Every other time, their dishes are great and service is always impeccable .  

                So far so good. Ordered Lao style som tum it was good. And ordered Pad Gra Praw Ta-Lay (Seafood Pad Gra Praw) which was great.  Noticed they had kao soy so maybe I'll try that later and see how that tastes  

                I love this place!   I come here during my work breaks for lunch maybe once or twice a week. The service is great and the food is outstanding! The servers are very friendly and accommodating.  My favorite dishes are probably the Crispy Chicken and the Pad Him-Ma-Pan. I like to change up my orders a lot and mess with them and no matter what I add or take away from a dish it always tastes good!  The only downside is that sometimes during busy lunchtimes it takes a little bit longer than ideal.  

                I got the pad see ew with shrimp and beef. It was really good and the shrimp tasted fresh, not like the frozen or boiled kind. My total was $12.50. I'd definitely recommend this joint! :)  

                Great food but service can be very slow, and had a rude server the last time we were there.  

                This thai restaurant has HORRIBLE customer service, specifically rudeness on the phone. This family business is taking advantage of good natured people by serving poor quality food that is over priced. The tom yum we ordered over the phone for a pick up ended up taking too long, where we had to wait. When we tried the tom yum, it tasted like there was chemicals on the soup. I was FOOD POISONED and felt physically sick for days from their tom yum. If you'd like to get food poisoned, go here.  

                Nose dive! I've been eating at different Asian food places around the world for 20 years and I've never gotten so little food for so much money. This place used to be good but they've raised their rates and shrunk their servings... and their wait is longer than anybody should have to wait for food. They don't prep anything before your meal... it's like you have to wait for them to chop every single vegetable and maybe even clean the kitchen before they cook your meal. the attitude and energy around the place feels like they hate white people, for example my mother is constantly made to wait and her orders seem pushed to the back making her the last person to be served -- seems a little bit more than coincidence.  

                Food is great, try the angel wings its too die for, staff is friendly , i will definitely come back again  

                Thai Spice is great!! Bein in the burbs these days its nice to have such delicious Thai food just down the street.  Everything we've ever gotten has been stupendous!!  

                Second time here, and extremely disappointed with the amount of food they served! And for the price I paid. And on the funny note; I paid an extra 1-2 dollar for the priced they listed. I came here once and dinned in, and liked the food. But notice they are so skimp with their meats!! I mean I know seafood is limited but if their are only like 6 pieces ( I counted ) 2 shrimp 2 mussels  and 2 scallop for 12$.Plus two items and one rice for $26 is pretty expensive for me . Food is good but I'll order something more filling for dinner.  

                Service was good.  I ordered the Pad Thai and it tasted like they had poured the entire bottle of vinegar in it.  I took a few bites and that was it.  

                Pro: Good food and service. Con: They sneaked tips in your 1st and 2nd receipt. Pay attention to your receipt. I did not like that at all.   I do not want to go back with my family.  

                This place has pretty good food but the service is horrible. My parents waited 40 minutes after ordering and when my mom went to the counter to ask if their food was ready, the person at the counter asked them if they remembered their orders. Regardless of how busy you are, there are ways to remember someone's order. If you've been in business for a while, which this place has been, there is a system to not forget who you served even if it's a waittress in training. Unfortunately, this is the only Thai place near us in Pinole so they have a lot of customers. I also overheard a few people who ordered over the phone they waited almost 2 hours for their food. SHAKING MY HEAD!!!  

                Great food! Friendly staff. Everything we ordered was delish. Ordered  Papaya salad its lemony and just enough tang to it. I was really surprised with the chicken dishes. Since we have our kids with us we ordered both BBQ and crispy chicken. It was so tender and juicy. The BBQ has a subtle BBQ grill taste with a nice Asian style marinade and goes well with the sauce. The crispy style was very juicy and very tender inside yet crispy outside. Definitely recommend this place and will comeback again. 4 stars is for food takes a bit longer to come out but not that bad.  

                This is my favorite Thai restaurant. The yellow and red curry are heavenly. I could eat this food the rest of my life if I had to. I highly recommend it, and will continue to be one of Thai Spices biggest fans.  

                My sisters have been to this restaurant many times, either dine in or take out. See her review under Michelle L.   We went during lunch time on a Friday. Luckily we were seated right away because they seemed to be very busy during that hour.   My sister warned me that their service is quite slow so we should order quick.  We ordered duck noodle soup, pad kee mao, green chicken curry, papaya salad (spicy- not as spicy as I would like), pad kra gaw, sticky rice and regular rice.  We were surprised that the food didn't take as long as we expected.  I liked the duck noodle soup, the chicken curry and the papaya salad. The pad kee mao looked too bland and didn't have color to the dish.   Service: the ladies were nice. They gave my niece and nephew kiddie plates and cups. My niece was super excited because it was a princess plate.   This restaurant is in a small plaza with parking spaces but it can be challenging. I guess you can park across the street where the Trader Joe's is at.   I definitely would order from this place again.  

                This place is ok. A bit pricey for the portion. Service is wayyyyyyy too slow , probably took 45 mins to bring out 2 dishes . For that long and the food to be mediocre. I prob won't be back...  

                I have known the owners of this fine establishment for years and honestly, I always come back because of their hospitality and amazing quality of Thai food. I have eaten at numerous Thai places, but this restaurant will always be my top 1 choice. Their shrimp Pad Thai is exquisite (too oily for some but I don't mind it). The yellow and red curry are to die for; full of taste and quite frankly, addicting. The Thai tea is also delicious. You can taste the tea and the milk won't overpower it, which is what some Thai places are lacking (they do put a lot of ice in the drink which I don't appreciate but I'll live through). The Pad See Ew (sp?) is very savory and will always leave you to want more. Overall, this is a very welcoming place, full of good, positive energy while also maintaining a unique, cultural aspect with their various dishes.  

                Yikes! Had a craving for Thai on a Sunday night and decided to call in a order. Since I've never been here before, I decided to stick with some basic Thai dishes. I ordered Chicken Pad Thai and Fresh Spring Rolls. It's nearly impossible to mess this up right??? Wrong!   I'd describe the Pad Thai as being overly greasy with a really dark color to it....not consistent with any Pad Thai I've ever eaten. The chicken was nearly nonexistent with tiny pieces mixed in. The Fresh Spring rolls was basically tons of iceberg lettuce wrapped in rice paper. We didn't realize they had shrimp in them until the roll was half eaten. Once we got to the bottom we found tiny pieces cut up. I've never seen a restaurant skimp so hard on meat! The "Peanut Sauce" for the spring rolls was watery with a odd curry/peanut flavor. Location is super convenient, but I'll def be making the 5-mile trek (the other direction) for some better options!  

                The yellow chicken curry! I mean... The yellow chicken curry.  Lastly, THE YELLOW CHICKEN CURRY!  All together anything I order or a friend orders is always amazing. They never fail to send your tastebuds whirling through nirvana.  

                We see this place every time we come to Trader Joes and finally decided to give it a try and let me say best Thai in the area.. The Fresh Crab Fried Rice and Tom Yum soup was really yummy... My two daughters ordered the Pad Thai with Chicken and Broccoli and enjoyed it very much.. And the service was AWESOME very friendly and efficient.  

                Ordered Red curry, Thai Spicy Wings, and Crab Fried rice. The wings were cooked perfectly with a very tangy sauce. The rice is amazing and the red curry was pleasantly mild for me. I definitely will come back.  

                In small towns like Pinole, you get slim pickings of restaurants and the ones you get to choose from can be hit or miss.  Friends recommended Thai Spice, which luckily ended up being a bit more of a hit than a miss.  My review is based on ordering dinner take out from there.    Dishes sampled included:  -Som Tum (green papaya salad):  Simple and fresh.  I liked that it wasn't overly drenched in dressing. -Larb (minced chicken salad): Good and had a nice kick from the chilies.   -Pumpkin Red Curry with Tofu:  All the veggies were fine but for some reason, the tofu seemed a little sour....questionable. -Chicken Green Curry:  Liked the curry but there was very little chicken in the dish.  -Pad See Sa Hai (Sauteed veggies): OK, nothing special. -Pad Ke Mow with Chicken (Pan friend rice noodles): Noodles were good and not too greasy but again, they skimped on the meat.   Overall, decent Thai food especially in an area where there aren't that many ethnic restaurants.  Flavors are alright, but I'd prefer if the dishes had more meat in them.  I felt like most of the dishes had mostly veggies.  In that regard, prices were a little high for what we got.  Location is convenient; right off the Pinole Valley Rd. exit off of I-80.  

                My favorite Thai restaurant in the E.Bay hands down!  Try the Pra-Ram and Chicken Pad Thai....best meals on the menu.  The Customers service is EXCEPTIONAL and they are now open 7 days/week!  

                Came for lunch on a Sunday around 1pm. The place was empty except for another table when we arrived. That is usually a bad sign but we sat to eat anyway. The server had menus in our hands in no time and we were contemplating what we wanted to order. We got the combo appetizer plate which comes with egg-rolls, fried tofu, shrimp, etc. All the items were fried to perfection, not oily at all and not burned to a crisp either. The peanut sauce and vinegar sauce that came with it complimented all the items very well. For our main entrees, Thai spice offers a variety of lunch specials. I only really come to Thai places for lunch because of the good deals. I ordered red curry which comes with rice automatically (most places charge for rice separately), and my girl got the BBQ chicken. Both lunch options came with soup as well as rice. Filling to say the least which is always good even though a lot of Thai places skimp out on food and you are left wanting more. With soup and free rice, you don't have to worry about that. The red curry was really tasty and everything was cooked well and they even put their rice into the shape of a heart on all the dishes which is cute. The girls BBQ chicken was standard chicken, nothing special. They also charge extra for peanut sauce if you ask for it. Now the place was good and about halfway through our meal the place got packed, literally. Every table was taken by the time we left so the place was jumping this quiet Sunday afternoon. Good food, service was good for the most part of the meal but there was only one server running around to attend to everyone that ended up coming into the restaurant while we were there. So she was a little overworked but she handled it well so I commend her on her effort. Good Thai place in my area, just going to keep looking for my local favorite though until I've made up my mind where I want to go in the future. However, this place is looking like a front runner.  

                My go to place for some good kaosoy and Lao style papaya salad! The kao soy has a familiar taste to thai boat noodles, but the fermented soy bean and ground pork give it the kaosoy taste. They use fresh wide rice noodles and I appreciate the fact that it's not oily at all, seasoned perfectly no side condiments are needed. Pad thai is always on point with the perfect balance of sweet and tangy, noodles cooked to perfection. Customer service is friendly and attentive, they have a small kitchen, so wait time can be a little longer than usual, but food is worth the wait.  

                Their pumpkin red curry is the best around. I love calling in my order, driving over from Hercules a few minutes and later and its ready for my when I get there. Pad kee mao is delicious and really all of their curries. Though the pumpkin red curry is especially good here. Get it spicy and it will blow your mind.  

                Great food, but slow service. The pad thai and fresh spring rolls are good. The peanut sauce is light and tasty. I highly recommend the ped yang, which is roast duck with a vibrant lime chili sauce. I would definitely come back to have this dish again. However, the service was very slow, and our entrees came at different times. We had to wait a while between courses. I think this is a great place if you want to have a long conversation catching up with friends or family.  

