                This place is amazing. I sat at their bar and ordered the Blackhawk Hash. This is steak and baby potatoes sitting on top of a bed of corn with french  fried onions on the top. Shredded cheddar through out.  I don't ever recall eating a better breakfast. It was amazing! Quick service at the bar with excellent coffee.  Highly recommended.  

                Nice little spot in Blackhawk plaza. Note it is on the side near the auto museum, next to anthropologie.  On a nice day, outside is the place to sit. Nice view of the pond, doesn't feel as dark and claustrophobic.  The twins split a kids steak frites, they loved the frites (that had hella parsley). My wife liked her tropical fruit infused ice tea. My shrimp PO boy had lots of shrimp, but I could t eat it as a sandwhich, it was too big.  Service was pretty fast, got at least one drink refill and the food was super fast to come out.  I would visit this place again.  

                This was my first time at The Little Pear, and I already know I'll be back to try another one of their delicious brunch delicacies!   The service and both the interior/exterior of the restaurant was wonderful. Mary, our hostess was absolutely perfect. She checked in at appropriate intervals during our meal to refill our mugs with fresh coffee and to make sure everything was up to par. The inside fills quickly, but there is plenty of outdoor seating on the patio with heat lamps.   Highly recommend The Alamo (omelette) - bursts w flavor, can really taste the smokiness of the applewood-smoked bacon and freshly melted cheddar.   Crunch Scramble, not so much - Just an average egg white scramble, and their side of tomatoes was a strange addition to the rest of the dish.  

                I'm a such a fan of The Little Pear.  It's so cute and quaint and of course, the food is delicious.  It's honestly one of the few places that my family of five can all agree on because there is something for all their picky appetites!  Tonight it was a French Dip for me, spinach salad for hubby and a hamburger, BLT and steak frites for the kiddos.  My sandwich was absolutely fresh and soooooo good.  The sherry shallot vinaigrette that was on the side salad was heavenly--tasty, yet light.  We all left happy and content and the service was great.  See you soon, little pear!!!  

                The Little Pear has been one of our favorite restaurants and just recently became our standard breakfast place.  The food is great, the prices are very reasonable, the staff is extremely friendly and you cannot beat the outdoor seating atmosphere at Blackhawk Plaza.  For breakfast our boys always share the Lumberjack Pancakes (pancakes with bacon) and my wife and I regularly share the Peasant Scramble or one of the omelets.  On the side, we would also order one of the many types of scones they make.  They have a couple of standard scones that are good (i.e. blueberry) but also weekly specials like pumpkin squash and pecan caramel.    On the weekend, Lindsay the hostess always greets you with the biggest smile.  The servers like Lauren or Edgar provide the best service and make you feel like you are a regular.  I cannot say enough about the staff and service.  I'm telling you, as long as you don't have problems with ducks coming over from the Plaza pond, you will love this place as much as we do.  

                A tiny restaurant inside Blackhawk Plaza with a nice outdoor seating area and indoor bar area.  They have a full lunch menu with apps, salads, burgers, and sandwiches.  I was craving a burger so I went for the Rodzilla with garlic fries (only 50 cent added to default regular fries).  The Rodzilla burger did live up to the name - layers of crunchy fried onions, cheddar cheese, and juicy half-pound beef cooked medium rare.  The sauce was just enough so it didn't get too messy when eating.  Pretty solid burger - would have been better if buns toasted a bit more though.  Fries were good and I liked how they generously loaded up the garlic and managed the saltiness.  Overall I think it's on par with Fieldhouse and Pete's Brass Rail, both of which are also good I think.  Service was great as well - I ordered an Arnold Palmer (ice tea lemonade) and it got refilled promptly after I asked for some water.  

                This place was insanely whack, there is no way to justify the quality of food for the cost. Not only am I referring to the preparation but the actual Ingredients themselves I found at least half of my plate was inedibly cooked or in the case of the avocado on my plate not for for consumption. I am also fairly certain that all of the breakfast items are pre prepared, assembled and reheated in an industrial microwave. My California omelet was on par with the kind of meal you get in the hospital or on an airplane not nearly the expected quality of a restaurant that charges $12-16 per plate. Incredibly disappointing.  

                I have dinner here all of the time and it is absolutely delicious, great employees and the best cooks! Everybody should eat here because they are just amazing!  

                I like the Little Pear because it is situated right on the little lake in Blackhawk Plaza that is packed with little ducks! They come to say hello while you are eating without getting in your way, and are super precious and fun to watch. If you sit outdoors, you are able to bring your own dog and let them hang out while you eat and have your coffee. There were a few customers there while we were eating who brought their dogs and they were well-behaved and really friendly.   The service was great, and we didn't have a line (came in on a Sunday morning). We were glad to be served so quickly and were able to enjoy a quiet and scenic view while we waited.  The Lumberjack Pancakes are wonderful. They have bacon inside them which is just downright delicious. I had a few eggs, potatoes, toast and some sausage. It was the perfect simple breakfast. Everything was cooked and prepared well, and the coffee was exceptional.   We really liked this place for Sunday breakfast because the service is wonderful, food is good, and the view is perfect!  

                I took two candidates here after morning interviews and enjoyed it. The food was excellent. I love how the doors open to the back and it has such a gorg feel. The staff was on top of drinks, salsa and food. I ended up ordering the fish tacos and liked them minus the pineapple. The two candidates got the fajitas and made my selection of tacos so irrelevant as the sizzle continued for a good five minutes on our table. Next time I go I must get the fajitas. See you soon Little Pear. Shout out to the manager for letting me know I had something on my pants. Nothing like walking into a restaurant with something stuck on your butt and no one telling you :X  

                This place is really good! I would have given them 5 stars but fries were just too salty, not sure if that's how they normally are or not.  We ordered the grilled cheese with a side of salad, the shrimp po boy with fries and a cheeseburger with fries.  The buttery toasted bread added a crispy cheesey texture that was crusted with parmesan cheese. Inside was melted ooey gooey cheesey goodness of provolone, cheddar and swiss that literally melted in your mouth. I would definitely order this again!  The shrimp po boy didn't have a oily after taste and didn't feel too dense. Good flavor and huge portion. I liked the ciabatta bread, but the aoili could have been a little spicier.  I don't remember if I had a bite of the burger but I'm sure it was good.  Overall I would continue coming to the little pear as their food is good quality and very filling!  

                Been here on various occasions for different meal types of the day. The food is average and the flying insects are a very annoyance, no matter if you sit inside or outside. If you sit outside, there is a very high chance that a duck will come by looking for food.  

                Here's a list of things I love on a sandwich:  Wine country-style Pulled Pork, Cabernet Barbeque Sauce, Coleslaw, Artisan Bun.  Oh, this place has all of this!  So I had lunch here, by myself.  I sat inside even though there was outside patio seating.  There was quite a few people out there that I didn't feel like seating near. I chose a window seat.  I chose fries to go with my sandwich.  They were so very fresh and seasoned lightly.  The Pork wasn't too sweet or savory.  It was perfect!  They put the Coleslaw on the pork between the buns.  It was a lovely crunchy sweet combination with the warm pork.    The artisan bun was delectable.  I hate a hard crunchy bun and this one was soft and tasty.  The down side about the bun was that it fell apart as I ate it.  I had to finish it off with a fork and knife.  Other than the bun falling apart I really enjoyed myself.  I don't get to come out here often but I'll be sure to come back again.  

                Forgettable and slightly overpriced; Danville at its best!  

                This used to be my favorite restaurant in Blackhawk Plaza, and I'm sad to downgrade my 5 star review from well over a year ago, but after today I'm never returning.  Today I walked in and after a minute, someone acknowledged my presence and said she'll be with me in a minute.  5 minutes passed by as she proceeded to chat up other clients, take orders, etc.  There were plenty of tables available though.  The other staff all made eye contact with me as I waited, so they knew we were there, but nothing more.  Two other clients walked in waiting for a table and after more awkward eye contact from the staff and 10 minutes of waiting for no apparent reason, I was starting to get irritated.  My family and I were just waiting while tables sat idle, but no one cared that we were just standing around.  After 10 minutes, one of the staff behind the bar finally looked over and this time, rather than just making awkward eye contact, asked the two ladies that walked in well after me if they would like to be seated outside or inside.  I was furious, tired of standing and being ignored and this was insult to injury.  I just walked out.  All of a sudden the staff members showed concerned and quickly rushed to the door apologetically.  Too late, you and your colleagues can't ignore people and then try to fix it after they're pissed off.  You expect us to enjoy a nice lunch after being ignored for no reason?  How would they feel as customers standing, staring at empty tables and being ignored?  The food has always been good, but not great.  If the service has always been a little slow, but nothing like this.   I'm sorry to say my 5 star restaurant is no longer.  

                Soju Bloody Mary was good! Had the breakfast sandwich but wish I could had chosen something else but the sandwich was okay.  

                One of my go to places to grab lunch with my dad when I'm back home. The chicken salad sandwich and their fries are the sole reason that I keep coming back for more. The winter salad is also good if you are looking for a slightly healthier option.  It's located in such a cute plaza that I always love walking around (aka to Starbucks) with my dad afterward to enjoy the scenery.  

                Surprisingly bad for something with these reviews. The burger tasted like charcoal, the French dip mediocre, veggie burger dry, service slow. Bummer.  

                Came here with the wifey about a month ago.   We had been here before in the winter, but wanted to try it when the weather was warm.  We were able to grab a seat outside to enjoy the nice weather and to watch the ducks swim.   By the way, I thought watching the ducks swim around the pond was very relaxing and enjoyable.    Anyway, the server took our drink and food order.   Since I didn't have lunch that day, I was starving, I had the Rodzilla burger and wifey had the Croque Madam.   And then we waited,  and waited.   Our drinks were almost empty and people who came in after us had their food.   When our waitress walked by she noticed we didn't have any food in front of us.   Without saying anything she hurried back inside.   She came out saying that our order was the same as another table and they got mixed up.   Well, we saw that other table, yes it was a burger he ordered but his wife had a salad, not a sandwich.  Ok, I get it, mistakes happen.   Two different servers stopped by and they even picked up the second round of drinks which we needed since the first round was consumed while we waited.   I get it, mistakes happen, and they did their best to make up for it.    My burger was good, a bit messy, but good.   Wifey's sandwich was wonderful.   The next time I go there, I plan on having that.    All in all, it was good.   Will I be back?  Sure - it could be a very lovely place to relax and enjoy.  

                The breakfast here is always a hit!!! I had the french toast once and the oatmeal another time. Really, really good!!! Service is unfortunately hit or miss though :( sometimes I feel like there should be more than one person outside. Maybe I just came on a bad day. Nevertheless, still go!  

                The Little Pear is a nice little spot to grab brunch/lunch with a friend! We came on a beautiful day and had lunch outside.   I ordered the Po'Boy and subbed normal fries with garlic fries ($13 +$2), and the GF ordered the summer salad ($12).  Everything was really fresh, the salad was great, and the po boy was on point. Just what I wanted, and they were generous with the shrimp. The cajun aioli was really tasty as well. The summer salad inspired us to make our own salad that we still continue to eat daily!   Staff was really nice and helpful too. Definitely need to come back soon and try out the other items they have.  

                We started out with deviled eggs (creamy with little bits of bacon) and the soup of the day, clam chowder (sadly watered down). However, once I took a bite of the Danville chicken sandwich, my feelings of disappointment disappeared. The ciabatta bread had a good crunch enveloping the tenderness of the chicken and rich creaminess of the brie cheese. I also liked the freshness of the greens in the sandwich.  Overall, a memorable lunch. I would probably stick with the sandwiches next time, though I'd love to return here and try the brunch items.  

                Took my boy to the automotive museum and stumbled into this cute gorgeous little sandwich place. Outdoor seating get full view of the pond and water fountain so relaxing on the beautiful Saturday.  They allow the 4 legged family members as well.  The service however was slow!!!! Had to ask for the menu after sitting down for 5 mins. The waiter took order but never return to give refills.   The ice tea..was wow..refreshing!  I ordered the Danville Grilled chicken sandwich and OMG it was very tasty. The french was amazing!  Definitely come back to try other and enjoy the nice view and food...hope I get better service next time though :-)  

                Great place for a scone (they're delicious!), cup of coffee and a chat among pleasant scenery and friendly ducks.  

                I agree with Elliot K's review that the Po' Boy is not to be missed. The shrimp is perfectly cooked, crispy, and the portion of shrimp served is pretty generous - a filling choice for sure! I did feel like I wanted a little more remoulade or mayo (whatever it is served with) on the bread, but I am sure if I asked for that, it would have been accommodated easily as our server was friendly and on it. I also had a really flavorful and savory bowl of Manhattan clam chowder, which I would also order again.  My honey and I will surely return to try the Rodzilla or other sandwiches; their salads and starters also look great. My kind of casual dining.  

                I frequently used to visit the Peasant and the pear so I thought why not give the little pear a shot. upon walking in I wasn't acknowledged by the server I first seen who ended up being my waitress. Mary made quick eye contact with me then went on about her business. It wasn't till (what seemed like hours) later was I seated. I wasn't happy to have waited so long and for Mary to seat me AFTER WATCHING ME WALK IN really annoyed me. Her service did not make up for it one bit she seemed nice but I wasn't pleased. I ordered the Cobb salad which I enjoyed for the most part. all in all the food is good and the prices aren't wallet busting but the service seriously needs to be fixed.  

                This place has become a go-to breakfast establishment for me and the lady. It's a small little place, so you would think the service would be attentive and on point, but therein lies the problem. I've been here two or three times by now, and every single time the service has been a bit lacking. This place gets three stars on the strength of the food and the coffee alone, though I will note the pear french toast bread pudding was hard as a rock and almost inedible. However, service here has been a sticking point for me, as usually I am promptly seated but then it takes 10 minutes for me to even get water. Coffee is another ten minutes after that, and food comes out 5 minutes later. Overall it is just inconsistent and sometimes there are feelings of bitterness, and abandonment when a table seated after us gets their drinks and coffee before we do, which is a cardinal sin!  Still, they have great breakfast options otherwise, and some of the BEST pancakes ever! Do yourself a favor and ask for warm syrup.  

                The food is great! They even have a few healthy choices on the menu. It's a tiny place so eating outside is most of the time, our only option.   I'm giving them 3 stars because the ducks are so annoying it makes it hard to enjoy your meal. Other restaurants in the plaza don't seem to have the problem like they do.  

                I visit this restaurant frequently and the other Rodney Worth locations so I consider myself a loyal fan of this restaurant group. The experience I just had at this restaurant on Labor Day will probably not have me going back. I arrived at the restauran around 10:45AM. My husband and I were open to eating  breakfast or lunch as we enjoy both menus. We were informed by the hostess that food wasn't available to be ordered until 11AM. We were ok with that and willing to wait. As our table was being cleared, we sat in the entry way and another couple came in. The hostess informed this couple that food wasn't available until 11:15. HUH? We were then lead to our table and left with menus and were informed our waitress would be there shortly to take our order (it was about 10:55AM at this point). We waited for 10 minutes to be greeted by our waitress and offered water. Our waitress arrived and she proceeded to inform us that she was not taking any food orders until 11:30AM. She explained the small kitchen, etc and by that time my husband and I were annoyed, not to mention hungry and thirsty, and decided to leave. My experience was daunting to say the least  and very disappointing as this used to be one of our favorite places to have breakfast and lunch. The mixed messages being told to customers is very unprofessional for a restaurant  

                This is a lovely place for simple and well executed California casual cuisine. The menu is small, but each dish has its own appeal. There are several salads, sandwiches, burgers, and appetizers as well as wines by the glass and beer.   They've recently started doing some breakfast items, but I've yet to try it. My personal favorites are the nicoise salad and the blackhawk salad.   The prices range from $9 - $15 and the portions are big enough for two to split and be stuffed!   If only the interior had a little bit more personality...  

                I use Yelp quite a bit to find places to eat locally because we are semi-new to the area and always like trying new things, however I rarely review. This place I felt like deserved a review, and a good one at that. First plus, the setting. Awesome little outdoor plaza with a great view of a pond and waterfalls. Great ambiance, especially at night. Second plus, prompt service. Third plus, the Rod-zilla burger came "as advertised". Very rarely do you get medium-rare when you ask for it, and man did I get it tonight. Amazing burger, even the bun was exceptional. For all you crossfitters, take a night off the strict paleo and enjoy this tasty treat. After dinner you can slide right next door to the prickly pear for a margarita or a little bit further walk and your at a nice sports bar to keep the party rollin. Thanks for the great meal Little Pear.  

                Better choice than others in the plaza..could do better in terms of quantity vs price. Don't still understand why thy prefer plastic ups for water while providing food in ceramic plates? Limited choice for vegetarians though!  

                A summary of today's breakfast:  Seated...wait, wait, wait for staff to come by.  Two more tables come in and they wait, wait, wait.  Staff arrives and approaches those two tables while we continue to wait, wait, wait.  Order coffee and water.   Wait, wait, wait.  Order coffee and water again.  Wait, wait, wait.  Order food.  Wait, wait, wait.  Eggs come out cold.  Specified raisins not brown sugar with oatmeal.  Received brown sugar, not raisins.  Food lacks flavor.  Requested coffee refills.  Wait, wait, wait.  Requested coffee refills again.  Manager says to us, "I'm sorry, it's been one of those days.  It's my first Sunday managing.  And then there's the car show."  Won't she be surprised that there's a car show on the first of the month every single month?  Table behind us leaves after waiting, waiting, waiting with menus.  Waitress tells us it's been that day.  This experience reflects the other meal that I've had here.  Boring food, lots of waiting, shoddy service.  Wish the whole Pear string of restaurants would go out of business.  

                Loved this place.  Had lunch here with my friend Robert and we sat on their lovely patio.  I had Quiche Lorraine, creamed spinach soup and a glass of Danville Crack(Rombauer chard) and Robert had the Summer Salad.  Robert said the chicken on his salad was a little tough, but otherwise the food was delicious and we enjoyed the ducks on the patio.  No, we didn't feed them!  Mary was our wonderful server.  I don't like stemless wine glasses.  Next time please put my Danville Crack in a glass with a stem! Thank you!  

                I ordered the BLT, and it literally had one piece of bacon, and tiny slice of tomato, wilted lettuce, and bread I swear they toasted at 6AM.  The sandwich was so dry I could hardly  chew and swallow it.  The small plain just lettuce salad was drenched with dressing.   We ate outside and were attacked by yellow jackets. One table actually had to pack it up and go inside.  Perhaps they need to invest in some yellow jacket prevention.  Such a shame for such a beautiful shopping center!  

                I was here for brunch and was not impressed. So I came here for dinner with friends to see if maybe brunch was just not their forte. Instead my initial rating stands true.   Their food is definitely not 4-star quality. At best, 2.5 to 3 stars. And service and food are very slow, even though this place has an indoor seating capacity of 20 at best.   I will not be returning here. Save your money and go to Peasant and the Pear instead if you want to contribute your funds to this establishment.  

                Very nice place. I had the smoked chicken salad sandwich with a side green salad and enjoyed it. My wife had the winter salad and thought it was very good. And the shopping mall it is in is very unique.  

                Came in for breakfast one day. Small and cute spot in Blackhawks plaza. It was too chilly to sit outside, but it looks like a nice patio. Service was good, food was tasty. Nothing to write home about, but it was decent. I am a huge brunch fan, and this fit the bill, but I'm not sure I'll be rushing back.  

                I love this little spot for lunch dates!  It's the perfect spot on a nice day, sitting in the shade right on the water, catching up with friends over a meal and drink, ahhhh.  You MUST try the Danville Chicken Sandwich when you come here.  Perfectly grilled chicken breast with melty-ooey-gooey double cream Brie???  YES PLEASE!  I have had dreams about that sandwich, no joke.  Another favorite of mine is the pear quesadilla (same as The Peasant and the Pear)... thinly sliced pears with melted Brie again?  (I may have a Brie problem, don't judge me.)  Either one washed down with an ice-cold pear cider, it's one of my favorite meals!  I haven't tried this spot for breakfast yet, one of these days I'll make it in time!  ;)  

                If you like ducks this is the place to go. They are too cute (just remember to not feed them bread. They're ducks).  The food was pretty decent, despite there being quite a bit too much dressing on the salads. The BLTA is definitely worth getting, it's very tasty. Their half pound burgers are pretty tasty too, and the blackhawk "mall" is an unexpectedly wonderful setting.  

