                I used to come here on a regular basis when i volunteered at the IRC office nearby. This place is incredible! It was suggested by one of the other volunteers and I know I was going to like this place the moment I walked through the door. They let you sample beers before you try them and give awesome recommendations. The bartenders here definitely know their shit and are really cool to talk to. The food was also really good, and the back patio is awesome for a sunny day has communal tables which is really good for groups. I thought the inside was really cool as well, definitely dark but I thought it added to the atmosphere they were going for, and different from any other bar in the area.   As a couple people have said, its not cheap by any means, but you definitely get what you pay for.These aren't beers you can get at any other bar. I would definitely recommend this place to any beer lover (everyone I have brought here has loved it).   Since then i've moved to SF and don't get to come as often as I would like. If you are in the area definitely check it out!  

                I have been here twice and so far my experience has been great!  The first time I went was during food week during a holiday and the second time I went on a Saturday night.  The beer menu changes daily, from what I heard..not sure about the food.  This was disappointing because I wanted to drink a beer that I had the first time I was there. =(  Setting: Cool hipster spot in Oakland.  The decor is nice - has beer bottles lined up against the wall.  This place is connected with another bar called the back bar.  There is also an outdoor seating area which can get packed pretty quick.  Last time they were playing some heavy rock music which was kinda ehhh and loud.  I would have preferred some other type of music..didn't think it fit the vibe.   Menu: The beer menu changes daily.  If you like belgian style beer this is your spot to go!  They have a lot of craft beers from all over Cali and other states.  The food options are  on the classier/fresh side.  They do pay attention on the presentation of the food and quality.  Last time I had the mac and cheese and it was so good!    Service: You order at the bar and depending on how busy it is, the beer will brought to you by a waiter or they will pour it for you at the bar.  

                Crossing my fingers the Yelp algorithms don't suppress this review:  I had jury duty nearby so I came in to grab a quick lunch during court recess.   I had a DMV temporary license issued two days ago,  and two other forms of photo ID to corroborate in the meantime... When I offered to show this, the bartender started yelling at me to leave and wouldn't even look at my papers/cards.  I then offered to place a take out order, wait in the Starbucks next door, and come back only to pay.   I want be very clear: the bartender did not ask me to leave, apologize for the inconvenience, or suggest a nearby alternative. He SCREAMED at me and even started to move towards me.  I'm a tiny woman by normal standards, and a dwarf compared to this guy. To say I felt disrespected and threatened is an understatement.  I am 28 years old and in possession of a legal ID.  I am never coming to - or suggesting anyone else visit this place - again.  

                Cool spot to have a nice craft beer. It has that old, dark euro-style pub feel to it, which is fitting for it's name. Very good selection of rarely-seen-on-tap beers such as Mikkeller's and St. Bernardus as well as various American crafts. Nice that you have two bars to grab your beers from. The place also has an interesting u-shaped layout with a patio area in the back for non-rainy days. It can get quite busy and crowded on weekend nights.  If only they featured more beers from the Trappist breweries or Trappist-style brews. But they usually have a good selection of various types of brews from all over that can appease any palate.  

                The Trappist has got to be one of my favorite bars in Oakland. With a diverse range or beers on tap and enough seats to fit a large crowd. It is definitely a gem in Old Oakland.   I have not ventured into the dark side yet...It is because I am in love with Hefeweizen. I am still a noob! I know! I did not enjoy the budlight in my college years.. due to the bloating and calories... but now I fancy a Hef with a orange slice. It is also the only bar that serves Framboise. Omygoodness... girls you will like it. It's like a fruity/bubbly cocktail.   Take me into the dark side Trappist.   I also like the name of the bar because it reminds me of trap music. But this establishment does not play trap music.  

                Great beer selection - As I understand it rotates pretty heavily.  Lots of old world (European) beers.  Several Belgium Trappists (my favorite!)  Lots of old grainy looking wood ont he interior, reminds me of German and Belgium beer halls I've been to.  The bartender was friendly and knowledgeable. And any bar that rocks Iron Maiden while they look to have a full house is OK by me.  -1 star for having a back (2nd bar, in the back room) and offering that menu while they had the 1 bartender bouncing between the 2 and bars - My feelings are that they shouldn't have offered that menu if you've got a lone bartender with a full house.  People may disagree with me, but I feel like it hurt the service received.  I'll find a beer that I'll enjoy off a smaller list, but you can't make up/change for the service.  

                Came here with coworkers for some beers after work. It's a nice averaged size place you would find in downtown. The atmosphere was laid back and the beer was a reasonable price. We were hoping hey would have a happy hour menu but sadly they do not. They don't carry many wheat beers either but if you like IPA's and what not this would be a good place to check out. The service was good. We had to order our own beers but whenever the waiter/waitress did make rounds to outside they did ask if there was anything they could get for us.  

                Great pub.  This is when I discovered Oakland had a lot to offer. Tucked away from the touristy part of Jack London Square, this is a cool spot to kick it with some friends over some delicious ales.  Great low-key vibe with enough energy to never be boring.  

                Many years have passed since my first review here, and it turns out, I am a huge beer fan.  The place is still crowded as many good places are and they offer good items now.  They also have a front and back bar but you can order things on either side.  Every time I've come here the bartenders have been patient, knowledgeable, and friendly.  Glad to know that some things don't change.  

                After looking at the reviews I was forced to check it out and check out the venue and beer. Place is pretty chill with a nice long narrow look. They have about 25 beers on tap and larger selection of bottled beers.   What I like is that they switch out the beers on tap everyday and always have something new to enjoy. Beet is very tasty and the people here are very friendly.  

                I guess you could say I've been becoming a little more "cultured" ever since I turned 21, finding good places to chill and have a good, quiet time with some good drinks.  I went during a slow, late Tuesday afternoon and the feel was very relaxing and laid-back. Apparently they have a front bar and back bar area, seeming to be in two separate spaces that I was confused when I walked out and saw the other.  Beside that, the bar is BEAUTIFUL and they have a good selection of finds I'd assume you can only find here. They have tons of beers on tap that change regularly. My brother and I got the Allagash White Ale and a dark beer that was kind of a milk chocolate malt (I forgot the name). The Allagash is a normal light beer that pairs well with food. I was in love with the chocolate malt beer as it had sweet notes and was great and satisfying to sip on (I'm more into dark liquors). We ordered the Grilled Cheese sandwich (fontina and gruyere cheeses with an onion jam) which came with a side of tomato soup. It was absolutely tasty and mouthwatering as any grilled cheese sandwich would be, and paired so well with the beers. Hearty pub food that is delicious to taste!  Overall, delicious food with a great selection of beers on tap that change regularly. If I were an Oakland local, I could definitely see myself coming back here from time to time to enjoy a good beer and some conversation--and even if I was by myself, it wouldn't be all that bad either since it's a very laid-back bar. Comfy atmosphere that delivers the pub goods. What more would you need? 5 stars simply because I wouldn't expect more of this place!  

                Easily one of the best bars I've ever been to.  Haven't tried the food yet, but that will come with time.  I mean, it's across the bay for God's sake, how often do you expect me to get over?  

                This bar is like Doctor Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. I walked into 'the back bar' where the guy who took my order was friendly and polite and welcomed me when I said I was a visitor. I put in my order with him, started a tab, got a number and then ended up finding a seat in the 'front bar.' The beer I ordered took a while to get to me only because I had wandered a bit, that was the last I saw of Dr. Jekyll.  The front bartender I had to deal with was probably an example of what a bartender shouldn't do. He: hung out at one end of the bar, he seemed to ignore everyone he didn't know have an inside joke with, when a person took too long to decide what they wanted he literally muttered and walked away. No joke, two guys walked into the bar and one of them asked for a taste of a stout and a lager-which if you're a beer geek is like saying asking for a sample of bacon and one of tofu. The guy literally scoffed at the guy pour the two samples and walked away in disgust. Seriously?! Basically after that I finished my beer settled up and left. As much as I love beer you can find another place where you don't get your suds with a heavy side of douche like you do here.  

                Awesome beer selection!  The Trappist looks seemingly small from the outside, but it actually has a front bar and a back bar. If the weather is nice, you can enjoy your brew on the patio as well. I came on a Friday afternoon and it wasn't crowded. The bartender gave my entire group personal attention and recommended beers for all our different palates.  

                The vast selection of brews here are amazing.  They have (on hand) more than fifteen to choice from on any given night.  So if you're looking for a particular type of beer (Say... reds, sours, etc.), this may be the place for you.  We got excellent service from our bartender and the atmosphere was like a flash back into the early to mid nineties with the smashing pumpkins playing in the background.    They host special events every so often to encourage tastings of all types of beers.  I couldn't get enough of the Allagash Curieux. I never tried the food so I'm unable to comment on that.  But this pub is a pub worth trying!  

                Incredible beer. Came here on an early Saturday evening so the place wasn't crowded, which helped prevent any feelings of overcrowdedness or annoyance from not being able to sit anywhere.  A few tips for first timers - Seat yourself and order at the bars. - There is a back bar and a front bar. Both have different beers on tap. If you open a tab you can go to either bar - Small foods can also be ordered. All very tasty but not sure you can make a full meal out of it. But still delicious!  

                First time here! Taco Tuesday was yummy! Great beer!!! Great company and great conversations! Can't wait to come back for more!!!!  

                Great pub. No shortage of interesting brews; well worth the trip. Tap-meisters are so hip it's a miracle their butts don't fall off, but that's not a bad thing. Best Reuben I have had in a long, long time. Their back terrace "garden" is sadly lacking in plants or any other amenity; but perhaps they will work on that. I'll definitely return in any case.  

                Love beer! Love this place! Great rotating beer selection! There are two bars, a front and back, with their own beer selection. You can order beer from either bar and have it brought to your table, they just give you a number and run it out to you! I thought this was great because when it gets crowded wading your way through people to the other bar for a specific drink doesn't sound fun. I am a fan of IPAs and Ambers and my friend was more inclined to lighter beers like Pilsners and Lagers. They had something that covered any type of pallet from Ballast Point Sculpin IPA to a Czech Pilsner that I forget the name. The bar has an old-timey wooden feel. There is even outdoor seating! It was so cold when I went so we opted to stay inside. Great place for a date or to catch up with friends!  

                Mmm. Crazy beer bar with a list so extensive I had to text it to my uber-beer-loving friend just to make sure that I didn't miss out on something amazing.  The staff is interesting -- a guy, who seemed like the owner, expertly handled a group of baby boomers who entered and who'd never had Belgian beer (or really any craft beer for that matter) at all.  But my bartender served with an air of pretention the whole time.  Fun? Strange? Unique? that they have different bar menus for the "front" and "back" bar, but if you ask nicely, they'll deliver from one to the other.    Pretty hard hit to the wallet, but absolutely worth a stop.  

                Awesome place to just chill and have a beer. Relaxed setting u can just come hang out plenty of places to sit of stand without feeling rushed out  

                I had been here twice befoe and once at their College Area location. Last week of December and I'm in there with a group rom work about 3:30 and lots of room for us at the back area. Beer is good as usual but the service was uneventful. Sour looks on her face, never smiling and later a couple of other employees came in and the same thing.  It will be a long time before I give my business to this place. We left earlier than expected and went to the Pacific Pub and had a blast with a really attentive service who smiled and was very attentive.  

                Food is pedestrian and way overpriced, decent selection of nice brews, staff seemed friendly enough though the atmosphere is too dark and drab for my liking. Plenty of other places nearby I'd rather spend my cash...  Its as if millions of beer wankers suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.  

                I was writing a review of the somewhat new Oaktown beer hall, Hog's Apothecary (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-hogs-apothecary-oakland#hrid:-7GTsQ9rbfYRUgFF_qfrEA">yelp.com/biz/the-hogs-ap…</a>) and I went to look what I'd written about the Oakland mainstay, The Trappist and found I'd written . . . NOTHING! NADA! Oops, must have enjoyed the beer too much!  The Trappist has local and national craft brews as well as imports (mainly Belgian) vs. Hog's California booze focus. Great variety of brews from sours to stouts and a long bottled beer list to go along with the 28 taps. If you want to spend $18 on a 12oz bottle of beer, they have what you're looking for (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-trappist-oakland?select=IiCb0qdIFVLN5V0QQLgF2A#IiCb0qdIFVLN5V0QQLgF2A">yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…</a>)  Food Menu is simple with snacks, cheeses, charcuterie, sandwiches, and a salad. More on the bar food side vs. Hog's which is stretching into restaurant territory (not that there's anything wrong with that).  My last visit I had the Reuben which is made with Mikkeller Bar's (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz/mikkeller-bar-san-francisco">yelp.com/biz/mikkeller-b…</a>) housemade pastrami and comes with a handful of cornichons (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-trappist-oakland?select=ktX9vp-0ibYFCBcntbqj0w#6XSAtICVdLiUD_BAJbicNQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…</a>).  One of the best Reuben's I've had in recent memory with tender, smokey thinly sliced pastrami (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-trappist-oakland?select=ktX9vp-0ibYFCBcntbqj0w#tsByJRpf0AQ_RvYaEiGv5Q">yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…</a>). I prefer it thicker sliced, but this is no boring Boar's Head meat.  Bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly.  

                The Trappist is in a cool location which makes this place a solid go to for some good beer. Though the only complaint I have about this place is it is just a little over priced. With that being said I usually have the Scuplin IPA which is always a good go to. If you love Belgian beers this is of course the place for you.   I would recommend this place to follow beer drinkers. Though be prepared to shell out some dough for the more sophisticated Belgian beers.  

                Outstanding beer selection and a very knowledgable and helpful staff.  Unlike some places, they actually promote sampling...  The bratwurst is delicious and authentic, but I do wish it was accompanied with a larger side. In general, I wish there were a few more food options, but what they do have/serve is very good.  I guess the point is to fill up on the beer anyway. Haha  

                Belgian beers on tap, signage on the walls that reminds me of the De Halve Maan Brewery in Brugge, and an incredibly knowledgable bartender, love it!  I grew up in Oakland Chinatown and remember next door before Starbucks came to be was Lucky Goldfish, my favorite pet store. I've walked by this place so many times and now that I'm finally of age and spoiled by Belgian beers after a summer visit to Belgium, I was super happy to check this place out.  I was only in the front bar but there is more selection in the back bar as well as food (just not on Xmas eve). While I was mainly distracted by conversation with the boy, the bartender was great at conversation with everyone and answering question quite thoroughly (including where to eat and what's open nearby since it was a holiday!).  I'm a huge sucker for good beer but also for friendly people. Stop by for a good cold brew, you won't be disappointed!  

                Weren't sure if we were suppose to wait for the waiter outside or go to the bar and order first...no one really told us the whole "this is how you do it" other than Montell Jordan ;)   Anyways, once we sat outside for about 10 minutes, we decided...let's go to the bar and get our drinks. We ordered their beer tasting flight, and enjoyed the delicious brews while the Oakland sun kept the patio warm.   Try the chicharrones for a snack!    Diggin' the location too btw. In a hip, yes hip, corner of downtown. I want to try the restaurant next door.  

                Was brought here by a Bay Area local for some conversation and beer.   Beer has brought man together for thousands of years.   The Trappist continues this fine tradition of beer, conversation, and manly bonding.    Super cool vibe -- from whit bier (coriander and orange peel...mmm....) to Belgian brews, the beer selection here on tap is phenomenal.  The ambiance is a cross between Oakland and NYC.  It's very hip, laid back, plenty of space, and a variety of different lighting options in each room (dark lighting versus ambient lighting).   What more can you ask for?   One of the best bars I know of in Jack London Square.   Big thumbs up.  

                It is with great sadness that I update my review in this way. It looks like The Trappist is a victim of its own success. All of a sudden, much of the staff has gone from beer lovers to beer snobs. Early in the evening, with no lines or people to service, I asked a bartender what he was drinking these days, and he looked at me as if i was wasting his time. I had a few interactions like this. Of the three people I talked to yesterday, only one was down to earth. The only other place I've seen such condescending looks was when I ordered a hot chocolate in a fancy coffee shop in Seattle. Tragic. This place used to be so down to earth. Now, not so much. They still have the best beer selection in town, but this is Oakland, not San Francisco!  I've been a fan of this bar for years. It's where I first learned to appreciate a good sour. But man...Get rid of the pretension.  

                Love the vibe! Dark, cosy and private. But not "so dark I can't see my partner." Just intimate. This will definitely be my go-to spot for dates and catching up with friends.  Conversation is always good after drinking a 9% Belgian beer....  

                Came here when they were hosting the Japan Beer Fest in the early afternoon on a cloudless and sunless Sunday. Small little pub. Seemed average to me, but the event was extremely unorganized and painfully slow to order beer (Partially because they only had one guy opening and pouring and serving the hand crafted beers and he seemed to take his time chit chatting here and there, hence 3 stars). But onto the positive stuff!  Tasted 4 of the Japanese hand crafted beers! A flight of four for $22! -Echigo Beer -Oze No Yukidoke IPA -Iwate Kura Oyster Stout -Baird Red Rose Amber Ale  I am no beer connoisseur but I know that these are obviously not common drinks. A lovely opportunity to be showcased thanks to The Trappist! Staff was friendly and cheerful to the attendees. A lot of them were on first name basis. Seems like a nice and local pub for Oaklanders!  

                Absolutely my favorite place to drink beer! I have found many new fantastic beers that I didn't know I liked... the menu is so descriptively inviting. There are beers from all over the world, including several Belgium beers.  We come up for Raider games and The Trappist is located within walking distance of the hotel that we stay in - we both get to drink!  

                I haven't tried the food, but I love the beer! I drank one pale ale...it was so good I can't remember the name. I have attached a photo to this review. What I can't remember about the name, I can remember about the flavor. It was light, almost like champagne, but with a distinctly hoppy flavor. It probably would would have paired well with a grilled Jarlsberg cheese with ham. If someone from Trappist reads this review and sees this suggestion could you somehow make that happen? It would be an experience!  Great atmosphere for chatting with friends and drinking great beer.  

                When you die, if you've been very good, this is where you go. If you like real beer, if you would never let Bud Light touch your lips, this place is a must-do. The staff are truly amazing at assessing your taste and delivering just the perfect brew. It's crowded, noisy and awesome!  

                Yum I'll update later after I come off my cloud of their awesome drinks!!! Wow for now  

                Nikki  and  Thelma were awesome! Very knowledgeable about beers. I respect anyone that Flys out for The Sexual Chocolate festival in NC!  Also the music Playlist was flawless!  Xoxo xoxo  

                They have a great selection of beers. A myriad bottle selection of beers from around the world! When you order, you are given a number, so pay attention. Great place to experiment with beers and build your pallet of craft beers.  

                Such a cool place. Anytime I visit this area again I'm definitely going to swing on by The Trappist. Huge selection of beers and they really care about sanitation and quality.. (I saw them cleaning the taps between kegs which is pretty awesome).   Great atmosphere for small groups or large groups.  

                This is such a cool kick it spot. They have ALOT of beer selections. I came here on a Thursday night looking for a place to just chill. We got rejected at this other beer bar on embarcadero so we found this place on yelp!   We came in, bartender was friendly, he engaged in a conversation and gave us suggestions on beer. We went to the back patio where it was very peaceful and for some reason, it reminded me of the tv show Friends with the brick walls and outdoor patio. Lol. Everyone was minding their own business and it was just a drama free zone! I loved it! But i minus a star cause one of the  cups had lipstick mark on it before we even drank it. :X  

