                This is a really great theater to check out movies and screenings!   Lots of room and cool, comfy couches and awesome food. New parkway has so much to offer you have to take the time to check every thing out.   They deliver the food to you in the theater!  

                Watched Chef here not too long ago. So reminds me of a CA spinoff of the McMenanins' bros' theaters in OR--  Chillin with some beer and pizza, totally hipster unpretentious here. Best wishes with the parking, though.  

                Having never been here before, we didn't know what to expect! Thankfully, we had a good time! We found rockstar parking in the front (thank you parking Gods), staff was friendly, easy to pick up tickets at will call, ordered food that they serve to you in the theatre, seats were comfy (we sat downstairs), crowd was super chill & watching a Dirty Dancing was awesome!   Highlights: -it was Valentine's so yes it was a tad crowded waiting to go into theatre, but the crowd was really patience & nice -you know restaurants give you a device that vibrates & lights up to let you know your table is ready? Somewhat same concept, except they bring food to you. So they give you the device, you lay it on the table & magically a server brings you food! Wasn't sure if you tip, but I did!  -growing up watching Dirty Dancing on TV all the time- I love the movie. but being able to watch it with other fellow adults with the same experience clapping when Patrick Swayze is on the screen, laughing at the cheesy moments & cheering at "those" moments i.e. "No one puts baby in the corner" was awesome  So worth the trip over from SF! Will definitely return!!!!  

                I still adore the New Parkway more than anything on earth. But I have to tell the hardcore trivia buffs out there that their Trivia Nite (Thursdays) is more of a social thing than a really challenging intellectual experience.  Think "Family Feud" not "Jeopardy!" Just letting you know.  

                This is such a cool movie theater. Its set up a like a home. I had a groupon deal so i decided to give them a chance. One thing to know is that parking can suck . Also theft is bad in the area so make sure you lock up your goodies! once inside you have the choice to get food and drinks before the movie. then when you go to your theater it is so awesome. You can sit at a table couch or chairs. the vibe is so cool and laid back . This is a must if you are tired of the same old cookie cutter movie theaters .  

                A classical American date night comprises with dinner and a movie (but if you're lucky, a gracious pint of sangria can make a night spectacular too!) Aside from modern theaters, The New Parkway is nothing close to comparison of the modern time theaters.  Have you always wondered what it would be like to have a theater with sofas, ACTUALY comfy seats, a place you can actually kick your feet up, drink a big fat beer, and possibly have your movie meal served to you?  Well, how about I grant you that wish with TNP. I'm even more excited about this place because it doesn't necessarily mean the popcorn has to be $15 for an extra small bag, the money that you put here is worth it in every aspect.    The food, oh my the food, was super good.  We ordered some special fries with a chipotle sauce on top, dear god whhhhhhyyyyyyyy do I have to be on a diet while finding out about this place?  I nearly inhaled the whole thing.   Three unique movie theaters with different layouts (nothing like Edwards theaters having different designs on the walls). I'm talking about dinner tables, office chairs, sofas, lounge chairs, you name it, it's there.    So why are you still reading this?  Look 'em up on groupon or foursquare and buy a deal for this place already!  

                I can't think of words to describe how cool the new parkway is. They have a retro hair salon chair complete with the round lid that goes over your head. How fun is that?  The popcorn in a plastic bowl just like at home was a nice touch. The toppings you can add to it, from Parmesan to garlic powder, are great.   Good selection of beers on tap. And very nice people who work behind the counter. Just a great vibe overall. The couches are nice. The chairs seem to be in better quality than the chairs at the el cerrito speakeasy.   The ticket prices are higher than the original parkway, but they are still affordable. Thanks for coming back to life, parkway!  

                If it weren't for Yelp, we would never have known about this movie theater.  I've been to a couple of theaters like this where they have couches for seating and serve you food inside the actual theater.  However, both places did not have the same number of sofas, love seats, and other comfortable chairs as this place does.  I love the combination of shabby chic couches, coffee tables, the more modern chairs, and the diner type round booth!  It feels like you're watching a movie in the comfort of your own home, except it's not the hubby fetching your drinks and food.  The night we were here, they also had a special event called Nerd Night happening.   We only tried the popcorn and a couple of glasses of the Smash Up Red Wine last night. The  platter of nachos that I saw looked real good. I'm quite the nachos freak, so that is first on my list to try next time! The prices of their food here is normal, not like the overinflated prices you see at mainstream movie theaters.  It'll definitely cost you much less to bring your date here!    As for parking, we found parking on Telegraph, around the corner from the theater, so we did not have to walk very far.  You can try to find street parking on Telegraph or Broadway if you don't find a spot on 24th.  Can't wait to see a Cult Classic or contemporary movie here soon!  

                I swear, I thought I already wrote a review of this place...but either way, I'll just say (again?) that I liked it. :) I've been meaning to come back for their trivia night but just haven't yet. Or no, it's bingo. Bingo, not trivia! Well, maybe they have trivia too, I'm not sure...anyway, I'm rambling. My friend and I came here to see a movie and have dinner, and it was nice. I discovered that it's not super comfortable sitting at the tables right in front of the screen just because then you're sitting in a hard chair for a couple hours, so next time I'll probably try the comfy couches/chairs upstairs. The food was good - I got a burger and salad and my friend got pizza. It'd be great for a date night. I plan to come with my husband next time so we can cuddle and eat food while watching, just like at home :)  

                This is my 2nd yelp event and I was very satisfied with how everything went. I was invited by Amy Tran and we came with Lincy, H, Justin P, Gabe N, and Alex K. The location was definitely hidden in a small alley, but once inside it just looked very hip. The entire atmosphere seemed casual with all of the retro seating and signs. After we checked in we walk into the theater and it is definitely not your typical movie theater. Every seat is a different type of couch. Some futons, some for lounges, some leather, some suede. This is much better than the typical seat you see at Century because they are just so comfy. It's as if watching from the comfort of your home which is nice.  After we find our seats, they offer is unlimited beer, wine, and popcorn. I liked how they had different seasonings for the popcorn, chili, salt, pepper, etc. so you can season it to your liking. As for the beer, they brought a keg which was cool. But the wine, wow I'm surprised they let us pour as much as we wanted. By the end of the night I had about 3 full glasses which made the movie that much more enjoyable.  We watched Chef which was a very nice story with surprisingly a lot of big name actors and actresses. Quite the appropriate movie for a yelp event since it was about food haha! Also, we ordered these loaded nachos ($9) which were bomb! All I remember was that I wanted more, but we split the entire thing between 6 of us which was nice.  The staff was very friendly and organized. The entire night went by smoothly. Now that I know of this theater, I might try to watch other movies here.  If you're looking for a more intimate movie experience this place is just the right mix of comfort with the love seats, great food, and a variety of alcohol. Even though this event was free with donations, I would gladly come back and pay to watch another movie.  

                This is my first time here , the place are not as big as how I thought it would be but it pretty cool , the staff there are very nice . The bathroom are cleaner than I excepted lol.. I saw some antique there... Lol ..  

                Visited New Parkway today for the first time to see Book of Life for daughters birthday. Tickets were an affordable $23 for 3 of us (2 adults, 1 kid). This place isn't like your typical movie theater. It's more like going to your friends funky, comfortable rec room. They have a menu complete with pizza, fries, tap beers, wines and mixed Italian sodas. We opted for the large popcorn ($5) and it was delicious. Not heavy or overly greasy/buttery like some movie places. They serve their food items in large plastic bowls and use real dishes to serve you (green!) I had a vanilla cherry soda ($2) that was yummy. There is no Coke/Pepsi on tap so keep that in mind. I didn't see candy either so if that's your thing, plan accordingly.   The theater is funky with a mishmash of odd sofas, chairs, beanbags. All sort of thrown together. Word of advice, get their early to stake out your spot. We were lucky to score a sofa at the top (which wasn't high as the place isn't very big).    The screen & sound were just right. Not too loud, not too big or too small. It was a perfect place to chill, have some killer popcorn and watch a movie. We can't wait to go back!  

                I loved the old one on park blvd. I always thought this one was pretty good too. But why 1 star? They need better signs, or really, any signs at all. We waited in a long line, out the door, only to be told at the front of the line that groupons were not accepted in that line. We had to wait in the food line apparently. The food line was so long it wrapped around to the theater doors. We didn't want food, just to use our groupon to get in! Didn't matter. We had to wait in the same line as people wanting food that would've taken 20+ minutes. On top of what we had already waited. The lady in front of us also waited in the long line only to be told she had to check in at another table for the movie she wanted to see (for a fundraiser).   Seriously, Parkway, just write a sign in sharpie by the front door and save us all some time!!!! And save your employees the trouble of having to explain the lines to pissed off customers. We ended up not seeing a movie at all because the experience was so frustrating. I'm really let down by this experience. I like to support local businesses, but I'm heading to amc now because at least their lines make sense!  

                Despite the fact that this place is Super-Uber-on-Another-Planet Painfully Hipster, it is still pretty cool. I saw "Nightcrawler" here with a friend last night and loved. The beer is on point and it is not ridiculously over-priced. I can not comment on the food as I did not try it, but the pizza in the window looked sketchy.   I like the seating upstairs, the chairs are really comfortable and there is a little ledge in the first row where you can place your beer or food if you like. Overall, I think that this place is a real cool little gem located on a cut street near downtown Oakland. I might want to check out the trivia night one of these days as well.  

                I've been here many times for Nerd Nite East Bay, and the whole idea of the venue remains cool. A movie theater which serves real food and beer on couches!   The beer selection is pretty good, with various local beers. It's not exactly to my choice, but it's hard to fault. The white sangria is pretty good too.   For vegan options, there's the vegan mystery meal that I've had a few times. I like the idea, but for myself, it's not always filling. There's the vege burger too, although the bun is not strictly vegan.   I've only been to one actual movie here, which was about beer, which was fitting, and it was great for that. For Nerd Nite it's an excellent venue for the live talks and beer infused science. You should definitely go.  

                I went here with a friend to watch Game 6 of the 2014 NBA Playoffs between the Warriors and the Clippers. This place normally shows movies but will also do special viewings for big sporting events which is pretty cool. When entering the theatre, I immediately felt that this was a nice, comfortable spot!   First of all, they serve beer which already makes this place awesome! There's also other standard movie food, like popcorn, plus they can serve the food to you at your seat which is really convenient. The theatre rooms are two stories and contain various places to sit at. There's your standard movie seats but also tables and chairs or if you really want to be comfortable, they have couches! This is perfect if you're out with that special someone or with your friends. The screen is also big enough for everyone to see and the sound is great anywhere you sit as well.  My only complaints are that there are only two movie theatre rooms and the outside surrounding areas can be pretty sketchy at night so exercise caution. Also, parking can be hard to find especially when it's really busy. I recommend coming here a bit early if you wanna find some close parking to the theatre because it can be a hassle.  This isn't your standard movie theatre which is a good thing. It's comfortable, the service is great, and you can drink! Being able to watch sporting events here is an even bigger plus. Highly recommended. I will be coming back soon!  

                Comfy, Cozy, Fun Theater Experience!  SITREP  I love this theater!  In the middle of Downtown Oakland sits The New Parkway theater and it has everything you could want for a kick-ass theater viewing experience!  LIKE YOUR LIVING ROOM - ONLY GINORMOUS!  Imagine sitting in your most comfy couch or loveseat with your special girl, and setting up for viewing a movie, only this time not on 38" inch flatscreen, but a ginormous theater screen.  And with 100+ of your most fun friends.  That's what The New Parkway has to offer you for this viewing experience!  FOOD  And besides great movie viewing metrics, The New Parkway sells some great food and beverages, and in this instant:  (1)  Delicious Vegan Pizza - we had to pick up a couple pieces and put some srirachi sauce on it; and,  (2)  A variety of coffee drinks!  I bought the mocha for me and the latte for Shana.    THE LOWDOWN  Come for the entertaining movie, stay for the beverages, food and kick-ass seating!  

                Wow, I was quite impressed with the way this establishment handled us ravenous Oakland Athletics fans. They did a top notch job even with the few hiccups through the duration of the extra inning game.  When I heard they would be playing the Wild Card game on the big screen, I was a little apprehensive but as it turns out, it was phenomenal. I felt like I was sitting at home on my couch except with a few hundred of my closest acquaintances. We found a leather couch mid center and set up shop. A few beers and a few glasses of wine later we were loving the joint.  The service was a little overwhelmed at first but soon was in the groove of things by the 2nd inning. We ordered some food and had it delivered which was a phenomenal idea. Boom, Mac & Cheese on my lap without missing a moment of the game. By the way, the food is pretty darn good. The beer selection was fairly good too.   Even though my beloved A's lost, I'll return again. For a movie or another away game.  

                Just across the freeway from my brother's place, and a block from the Y makes it a super convenient place to relax...I know the whole thing about parking being an issue, it always is right but there's a parking lot across the street, parking on the street plus it's a short walk from BART for folks across the bay and within a block of several bus lines.  Parking should not be a major detractor    But the biggest draw for me, what makes me keep coming back-movie theaters are NEVER good places for a vegan and somewhat conscious person to eat at.  So the fact that they ALWAYS have a vegan surprise, have delicious drinks and pretty darn tasty movie theater food all around is why I am actually comfortable going to the movies hungry...:)  If you missed a film in the major theaters, there's a very good chance The New Parkway is showing it  Lastly-the employees are wonderful!:):):)....incredibly good vibe, what a pleasant experience for sure!  

                I scored a deal with Groupon: Two movie tickets, two beers and a bowl of popcorn (does not include butter, boo hoo).   I totally get the hip-grudgy-dirty-retro-whatevs kind of vibe, however, I think they should put more of that effort in making the place a bit more organized and comfortable. Maybe it's just me but can someone tell me if all hipsters have psychic powers that they are able to communicate with eachother...on where the line is in a fad establishment?   They should give customers an orientation at the door on how to navigate the place and maybe a prep on how to not get chalk all over your coat when you hang it on the restroom stall hook. The theater we sat in was dark and dank. The place was ice cold, the chairs looked dirty and too retro to be comfortable. The walls were graffitied everywhere (totally fine with street art) but totally distracts from the screen.   I can't go to Disneyland and complain about "too much cute" so I suppose my review is a bit jaded. Overall, it was good to visually understand the culture that Oakland is becoming.  

                I love seeing movies and going to Tuesday bingo but trivia is not that good... It's only three rounds, completely random topics and totally obscure.  

                I joined my boyfriend and friends here for the A's Wild Card game and let me tell you, it was awesome! They have two viewing rooms and both had big screens, perfect viewing pleasure from any seat! They have table seating on the bottom floor and up the stairs it's a bevy of couched and big arm chairs to make you feel at home!   We ran up stairs with our friends and claimed a couch, which was probably the size of our couch that I am currently sitting on writing this review. The only thing that could have made this seating arrangement better was if I brought a blanket!  Once we settled in and did a beer run the game was on and everyone was pumped! I later got hungry and ran downstairs to order some food. They were sold out of pizza by the time I made it down so I ordered the Veggie Burger and the Mac n Cheese and what I thought was a beer but it turned out to be wine which I didn't mind at all!  I got a ticket to use at a little kiosk on the side table next to our couch and we waited for the food to be delivered. Both items came with a yummy mixed green salad with a great vinaigrette, which I got most! The Mac n Cheese was bomb-dig from the one bite I was allowed (it was that good, he wanted it all for himself!) and my veggie burger was super tasty and tasted made in house.   Overall, I would love to return to catch a movie while snuggled on a couch eating that veggie burger! Perfect date night out, or in, or however you want to look at it!  

                The first time I heard of something as great as movies, food and booze was when I moved to the East Bay and found the Cerrito Theater. The theater has since been renamed to the Rialto and continues to serve great food and screens a variety of flicks including Hollywood blockbusters. When I heard of The New Parkway, it sounded a bit too good to be true: large selection of beer, sangria, sandwiches, pizzas, and rotating specials.  One of my favorite things about The New Parkway is its lobby, which houses plenty of film knickknacks as well as seating to enjoy your beer or popcorn before you're movie starts. The theater itself has two auditoriums and in the time since my first visit and now, The New Parkway has really upped its Hollywood blockbusters. The seating is unique in that its two levels, with the first floor having couches and some table and chairs, with the second floor being all couches and coffee tables.  Given that the food at the Rialto is pretty decent, I was expecting The New Parkway to meet or exceed the same expectations. My most recent visit I tried their special, which was a New York Steak as well as a Chicken Caesar Salad. I was surprised at the high-quality of the steak especially for the $10 price point. Equally great was the Chicken Caesar Salad, but my absolute favorite item at The New Parkway is the sangria: fresh, and with a kick.  Overall, The New Parkway simply hits it out of the ballpark. Cheap flicks, low prices on food and beer, and a unique theater that's a nice change from the usual Century or AMC. The neighborhood feels safe, the location of the theater is a bit obscure but who doesn't have GPS and street parking is available. Check out The New Parkway website for an up-to-date calendar as well as an announcements of special events (Academy Awards).  Pros: + Booze, food, and movies + Hollywood blockbusters, special events, and classics + Great food menu with starters, sandwiches, specials + Two auditoriums with sofa seating + Sangria, cheap and strong + Free street parking + Cheap movie/food prices + Friendly staff  Cons: - None  

                Went here based on a Living Social deal (though had wanted to check it out anyways).  Overall, had a fantastic time and can't say enough good things (albeit from our one visit so far) - from the novelty of ordering and then eating food in the theater (I had pasta w/ porcini mushrooms and chicken, my wife had chicken w/ mac n cheese and garlic spinach, each was $10...or less?), to having beers, wines and desserts (which we didn't have this time) and, my personal favorite, tons of popcorn toppings, to perhaps my second favorite thing - everything is totally reasonably priced!!    Conversely, I hate having to go to the large chain places where you spend ridiculous amounts of money on cookie-cutter refreshments (and your ticket was already overpriced to start) and you just feel like it's going to some corporate bottom line somewhere.  Here, I felt like this was OF the community, FOR the community, and was priced and staffed (and decorated, etc) accordingly.  Chalkboard walls in the bathrooms, cloth napkins (eco-friendly), AND, as if all that wasn't enough, we saw that they have tons of various events throughout a given month - from theme nights (documentaries, sing-a-longs, etc) to trivia and Nerd Nite (something I enjoyed when we lived in SF so was pleasantly surprised to see it'd hopped over to Oakland).  So if you like movies, go here.  If you appreciate community and thoughtful business models, go here.  If you want a cool date-night location or just something fun and different, go here.  I became an instant fan...  

                Don't compare the New Parkway with the Old Parkway Theatre, that was actually located on Park Street, as this is a completely separate entity.  I miss (1) the spaciousness of the Old Parkway, (2) the owners' wacky filmed introductions prior to every movie letting us know what was coming up that month, (3) the two-for-$5 Wednesdays (what!?), and (4) the simplicity of pizza and beer on the comfy couches and chairs (that were swapped out for newer IKEA furniture before it shuttered).  The New Parkway has two screening rooms as well, however, they are both quite cramped.  SCREENING ROOM 1 One screening room has seating right as you walk in, in the form of the familiar couches, but they're super cute with kitschy memorabilia on the coffee tables. However the rest of the seating is theatre-style, but a narrow 4 aisles with railings.  SCREENING ROOM 2 The second screening room has restaurant-style seating downstairs, probably good for renting out for parties or watching football games. You have climb up some stairs to get to the second level, which is again awkward narrow aisle and side screen seating.  SEATING AND SERVICE Why is this narrow aisle seating such a bother? That's because food is served by waitstaff for whom it is way too dark to find patrons once the film begins. That means that they are calling out numbers in the middle of the movie if you did not properly light up your tag, they bump into people, knock over drinks, and drop food!  No bueno.  SOUND QUALITY Another downside is that the doors for the screening rooms don't seem to close, so when servers or late-comers are going in and out, they leave the door open and the light and noise from the hall where people are in line disrupts the movie. Another thing that disrupts the movie is the noise in the theatre next door since the sound system is quiet in one and loud in the other : (  IN THEATRE EATING And yes, people, you can eat in the theatre! Do your research before you come here!   I felt bad when I saw told TWO separate couples on the SAME evening who were scarfing down their food in the lobby, and told them that there were tables in the theatre. I can't blame them. They probably weren't around for the Old Parkway ; - )  TICKETS By the way, the line at the door is to purchase your ticket.   There's only ONE cash register, and that one gal is also serving the beers and popcorn as well, so be patient if you're late.   If you want to order more substantial food, there's a separate line for that once you're inside.  FOOD The food is hit or miss. It really must be who is working in the kitchen that night.  One night, the quesadilla was out of this world, but the mac n cheese was bland. The next night the quesadilla was sans queso and instead it was marinated vegetables that tasted like leftovers and the mac n' cheese was the bomb.   *Tip: Arrive early to order your food and get in line for the best seats.  *Tip: If you end up with one of the couches on crates and your feet don't touch the floor, the staff will bring you a crate as a footstool!  

                The New Parkeay is definitely a hipster haven, but that's not always a bad thing. The people are quirky and diverse, the prices are reasonable and you're guaranteed to have a uniquely Bay Area experience when you come. This is not the IMAX, so don't come if you want reclining seats and a Starbucks in your theater.   The theater is small and space is limited so come early. There's a full kitchen so yo can grab a decent bite to eat while you wait for the show to start. The shakes and sparkling sodas are good.    The theater seating is a mix mash of things your grandmother threw away, slip covered love seats, and even a salon chair.   They are really into sustainability, so they don't have straws or paper napkins. You can buy a metal straw and use cloth napkins. They also partner with local organizations to donate part of the ticket sales, which is good for the community.   I like this place a lot and hope it sticks around.  

                The Parkway was a lovely place for date night. Ignore the grumbly unhappy folks who gave this place really negative reviews, some folks just have no joy or tolerance for something different.  Getting food delivered to a comfy couch while watching a movie? Yes please! I had none of the problems that people complained about. Neighborhood was not that bad, just use common sense and don't leave valuables in the car, couches were fine, movie volume was fine...Bay Area folks can be so sheltered and spoiled...  

                How relaxing is it to watch a movie on your couch. now add all you can eat popcorn to that and you get the new parkway. this is the one of the most relaxing way to watch a movie. we sat on the one of the many couches and they were quite comfy. They also have all a lot food available to buy as well, wait for it... from you couch/seat. Now the movies they play here are mostly indie movies, most of them are quite awesome to watch in this setting. i would go here to watch transformers, not that they would show that. Now it not really located in the nicest looking neighbourhood, so keep you expectations low i you are looking for a elegant night out.   Also i wouldn't take a nice car to this location, we saw some broken windows in the area, just take bart its not that long of a walk from it.   In my opinion if you want to watch a good indie movie, a great date night spot and guess watch it really won't hurt your wallet at all. so give it a shot.  

                I had a lot of fun. That indie movie house vibe, assorted range of seats, eating and drinking while watching the movie---very hippy dippy communal artsy-fartsy feel.  Tips: Get there EARLY. We got there about 15-20 minutes early and had the ticket guy not given us a heads up (I went in to save seats while my fiance went and ordered food) we would have been majorly SOL. The good seats fill up fast and then you're either stuck on hard plastic armchairs or beanbags.  I loved my milkshake and my fiance had a nice sangria and we shared a large pizza. It DID take a while for the food to show up (again, if we had gotten there earlier...) so we were eating in the dark and couldn't really see the food.  But I think it's fun nonetheless. I wanna try and check out when they have movie marathons or other gatherings---I think it'd be so much fun!  

                I absolutely love this place!! It's so cute. Instead of theater seats, there are couches. Movies are projected onto a large screen at the front of the room. There are only two theaters, and each movie only plays once a day. I have been to both theaters, and I highly prefer theater 1. Theater 1 has much more couches! Theater 2 has more chairs and single seaters and tables, and there's a more separate balcony seating that is a lot higher up.   Movie tickets are $8, and they also sell food! Not just normal theater concessions like popcorn, but also beer, wine, Italian sodas, and REAL FOOD that they will bring right to your table/couch/seat in the theater! You can even order food during the movie. It's pretty amazing. The decor is really cute and retro and the walls are painted. The bathrooms have chalkboards and you can write on the walls if you wish. The bathroom door has a little thing at the bottom that you can use to open the door without using your hands after you wash your hands. LOVE IT.  Try to arrive early to get a choice spot!  

                This place is great. The entrance is on 24th between Telegraph and Broadway- very walkable from BART. If you get iffy at night, just call the city Ambassadors to walk with you to your car or the BART station. Just upon entering the building you are greeted and you can order food or you can go find a good, comfy seat and order from there. They have many theaters, from what I saw. Each one feels like I am in my living room because of the couches. I despise movie theater chairs- they're never comfy enough, they're too straight or too curved, and there's no cuddle room. I love the couches and loveseats and chairs here at the New Parkway. I enjoy the personalized service at each spot too! It could be distracting though. Everything had a cozy feel to it. Very vintage too!  I came here one evening for the New Parkway's conjunction with Creative Growth, an Art studio. They were having a film festival called ReelAbilities and the movie that we watched was Six Points About Emma. It is a Spanish film about a blind girl named Emma who wants to have a baby to fall in love. The movie was interesting. My favorite part was going with the Lions Center for the Blind. Everyone who worked at Creative Growth and at the New Parkway Theater were so accommodating. One of the best events I've been to and there is no doubt that I will return to the New Parkway Theater soon.   Unfortunately I can't say much about parking, as I walked here from 22nd street, where Lions Center for the Blind's office is. Food is pretty affordable- they even have shakes and beer/wine!  

                The coolest, hippest, most retro, awesome theatre ever.  Two big screening rooms, each fitting roughly 100 people. Tickets are only $8 and can even be bought beforehand online via their website (<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fthenewparkway.com%2Fwp%2F&s=127196c3957e47e8f1c6631f47e5476b060c051017f30289cb1b46bbf6ceccf0" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">thenewparkway.com/wp</a>). Comfy couches and plenty of seats inside. The best part? Adult beverages can be consumed inside the theatre. The only downside is the wait to purchase tickets before the movie (I recommend showing up roughly 20 mins beforehand to avoid the last minute rush).   If you're looking for a great date spot or just a laid-back place to chill with friends, look no further.  

                I really love this place.  Super cozy like you're in someone's living room and there are a ton of seating options to choose from.  We had a Groupon deal and had never been but I'm glad we checked it out.  The small popcorn was really good sized and served in a white plastic bowl like some I have at home.  Way better than reaching into a paper bag (and less noisy!).  They have a good beer selection and I had the zinfandel which wasn't bad.  Only after going did my friend tell me they have a porter (beer) milkshake.  Have to try that next time!  

                Ahhhh. The New Parkway Theater.   Where used sofas from craigslist come to die.   I've been here 3x times now for Nerd Nite. Limited menu that accommodates a variety of Bay Area dietary needs.  Most of the features of nerd nite have been really interesting and I would recommend a visit.   Now up until this point this has been a 4 star review, but the hot chocolate that we just bought as refuge from arctic air blowing from the vents that I have to knock it a star. If this bland concoction is always what it tastes like they should switch to the highly processed Swiss Miss (with marshmallows!)  

                Just had a great experience at the New Parkway! I am of the generation of experiencing the original Parkway Theater on Park Blvd. While I loved their concept and vibe, I think the New Parkway has kept that same vibe alive and greatly improved upon the concept. The New Parkway is a lot cleaner and the coaches and chairs don't look like they drove around the neighborhood picking up old used furniture that people left out on the curbside for bulky waste pick up like the original Parkway did. It seemed a lot cleaner and the food was just as good and offered even more variety. The prices of the food are so much more reasonable than going to an AMC or Cinemark theater. Plus, you can order beer or wine (although my daughter just told me you can now order beer at AMC Bay Street in Emeryville). There is a nice variety of beer on tap.  Genius concept with the bathrooms where there are chalkboard panel stalls that encourage graffiti as opposed to fighting it. You can read all kind of inspiring messages on the wall or add your own.  Groupon often has specials for 2 tickets that include two beers or wine and a small popcorn. Popcorn is delicious and includes real butter.   The New Parkway also has no disposable items like napkins, paper plates, etc. Everything is reusable, including the plastic popcorn bowls, cloth napkins and silverware. If you are so inclined to need a straw they sell reusable straws at the counter - may be worth it to sneak in one of your own.  

                I visited a couple of movie theatres like this in Portland, so the novelty of getting to watch a movie on a comfy sofa and being alcohol & noms hipsters was already lost on me by the time I visited The New Parkway. But I still had a great time to watch the documentary, "The Internet's Own Boy."  Pros: Fantastic staff, fun vibe, nice variety in films offered, good food/snacks. Cons: Not in my favorite neighborhood of Oakland, screens aren't that big, sound system wasn't the best, beer and sangria were watered down, some sofas looked dirty, etc.   All and all, I enjoyed my time here. It's a small local business and one I hope to see thrive. Will definitely be coming back.  

                I got a deal - 2 for 1 - to see a film here, and boy am I glad I went! I actually brought a dog I was dog sitting - a registered service dog - who slept between me and my friend on a plush couch. I LOVE the old drive thru feel, where you order up front and take the card and slide it into these little readers that blink when your order is ready OR you can have the food brought to you if the film's just begun! It's a really charming place with DECENT FOOD, awesome all natural sodas, COZY SEATING and really really nice staff.  FYI I saw Maleficent and I was pleasantly surprised.  Great place & worth the Bart ride *wink*  

                Pretty cool concept in an industrial hip place.    Movies and times are on their website and updated at least a week before.  They have a mix of mainstream movies and documentaries and such.  Most movies are $8 but the specials are $10 (you buy tickets for those online).  Groupons can only be used for $8 shows.  (Groupons can only be used on Saturdays before 5pm).  They do not have their own parking space so street parking only.  Once inside you buy your tickets, food, drinks at the register.  They have a lot of choices and both the special panini and sausage we got were pretty good with a large side salad on the side.  We had gotten a Groupon deal and decided to try their sangria which we really liked.  There are 2 theatres that have shows at different times.  Theatre 1 where we sat had tables on the bottom and sofa chairs on the top floor.  They have a nifty ticketing system where they give you a number with a barcode on it, you choose where you want to sit and swipe the number in so they know where to bring you your food.  Great date place since you get to cuddle with your significant other on a sofa instead of the standard movie chairs and love the drinks and food options while you enjoy a movie.  Recommended!  

                I love this place!!! i've been here twice so far and both times were pretty awesome, as long as you arrive at least 15 minutes early for the showing. Try not to get a spot that's on the corner otherwise you'll be craning your head the entire movie.   Food I s a little overpriced which is why I give it one star off, for what you're getting with the added cost of a movie ticket, things can get real pricey real quick.  Beer comes in a plastic water cup which was a negative but I'm sure they have there reasons.  I agree that it is a little irritating to have them walk around loudly whispering the numbers everywhere after the movie has started but what else are they supposed to do? Can't really blame em!  Staff is lovely! Bathrooms are legit! You should definitely check this place out of you get a chance.  

                This was such a good experience! I don't go to the movies often, but when I do, I usually see them at smaller theaters like Shattuck in Berkeley (La-Z-Boy seats!!). A friend invited us to go see Obvious Child here a few days ago, and we decided to try it out, as we'd heard good things. It's a bit of a walk from Bart, but a quick trip down Telegraph on the 1. If you're driving, they offer free parking in the lot a block south of the theater.   Tickets are $6-$8 each, which is crazy cheap-awesome. They also have a ton of food and snacks on the menu, which you can bring straight into the theater! We got a couple slices of pepperoni pizza, and it was so delicious and nostalgic. The Bay Area seems to prefer either cardboard-thin or deep dish pizza, and this was right smack in the middle of that, which was refreshing. Their Italian sodas are $2 and yummy (I got a cherry one).  The theater itself has an adorable layout, stacked with funky couches and chairs throughout so groups can sit together in a living room-like setting. It was a really nice change of pace. The staff are super friendly and helpful, too.  Can't wait to come back!  

