                The sweetest people you've ever met...unpredictable movement, good vibes...a chance for you to belt one out and shoot one down  

                In January, I made a silent promise to myself: that I would sing at piano at The Alley. The idea made me want to vomit in my mouth, but my inner show-tune geek has been dying to belt out "Maybe This Time" somewhere besides my shower. And so what if "belting" equals "meekly singing into a mic in case I puke"? I had to do it.   Last night, I made good on that promise.   I approached the piano, stone-cold sober, and shyly asked the man to my left how the whole endeavor worked. Here's what I learned in sixty seconds:  Piano Bar with Rob Dibble 101:  1. They sing counterclockwise around the piano, each person going in turn. Pick a song from the books in front of you (not much past 1960), tell it to Ron when it your turn, hold onto the mic, and nanoseconds later he's playing you in.   2. Don't stop. No matter what. Just keep singing. (This. Was. Great. Advice.)   3. Ron is massively talented. He'll change keys if he realizes you're singing somewhere else. If you watch him, he mouths along. WITH EVERY SONG. Lost? Look at him - he'll cue you back in and help you with any codas etc.   4. Watch Ron light up when his wife walks in - and then belts out something unexpected for a teeny octogenarian.   The really nice people next to me let me squeeze in, and fifteen minutes later (it was a busy Saturday) I WAS SINGING!  Interesting side note: A mustachioed man sidled up next to me. He wasn't interested in singing, but he did want to chat. He's a piano bar owner himself with bars sprinkled along the East Coast. A nice guy, sure, and he's scoping out venues to open a bar here.   But my, he was appalled at how standards and show tunes could be the music du jour on a Saturday night at prime time. "Not in my bars," he said. "We'd be doing something upbeat. My players know to take control, not allow so many ballads with people just wanting to sing because they can sing well. The audience isn't engaged. A Sunday afternoon? Sure this is fine. But not now."    I tried to tell him something, gently, but he wouldn't hear it: That I don't think The Alley exists to make more money than they do. Singers aren't there to please the "audience" and I'm guessing Ron Dibble could give two Cokes so long as at least one person at the table is having a great time.  But I think that sums up life around the piano nicely. And I hope they don't change.   Pro tip: No one is going to mock you (at least to your face), no matter how bad you are. And it seemed that sort of behavior was strongly discouraged.  

                The Firetrap, I mean The Alley, is a special place with it's own style and well worth a visit to see if it's your thing.   I was surprised at the quality of the cocktails for a place labeled as dive bar. The bartender used Fresh lime juice not sweet-n-nasty mix.   Fries and onion rings were good.   Group was able to have conversation without screaming.   Unfortunate cigarette and skunky pot smoke wafting in from the doorway sucked.   You know, with all the hydroponic plant biology happening now can't they grow a weed that doesn't smell like a skunk's asshole when burned? Please get on that. Smokers don't know this but your weed and your clothes and hair all smell like skunk rectum.   Speaking of burning... having just finished two textbooks- one on fire forensics and one on arson investigation, if you smell smoke in here, get the EF out fast. ** unless the smoke smells like burger or skunk asshole.  

                There are several things I like about the Alley.  The decor is kind of out there - the tat, the business cards, the cheesy sign outside advertising the pianist (yes, it's 'Rod Dibble'!!). It ordinarily would be the type of place I'd run a mile from - a caricature of an old time piano bar. But then, after the initial incomprehension you realize this is a friendly, comfortable dive bar with genuine character and some old time local Oakland charm. It's the kind of place which has regulars that blend into the surroundings - but rather than being intimidating its the kind of place where you feel at home right away.  There's no draft beer (which is shame) but they mix a mean cocktail. There is booth seating, although this tends to get filled up pretty quickly. At the weekend there is waitress service - when we were last there things were very busy and the server made a nice effort to get us seated at the bar, moving chairs around etc.  The piano/karaoke is pretty central to the fun. Rod, the pianist, has apparently been playing for decades. There are clearly some regular singers, but it doesn't look too intimidating if you're a newbie and are so inclined.  The sort of place you're glad it exists. Check it out.  

                On some Sunday nights friends and I tend to go to the Alley after dinner to see other friends (who are usually singing karaoke).  The Alley is voted one of Oakland's greatest dive bars--and if you have never had the pleasure of hanging out at this place--you are missing out!  You do not have to be a drinker to enjoy this bar either, as they have a great greasy spoon type menu.  The atmosphere is inviting, and the ambience is dark.  There are a million business cards on the walls (probably holding them together) and they also line the tables.  Some of the cards look like they have been there as long as the building.  The bartenders are always awesome, maybe not the friendliest, but the friendliest...if you understand what I am saying ;)  There is live karaoke on Sunday nights and this was the thing that I experienced my first visit several months ago.  I came in and heard a large man singing an old Barry White song, remarkably well I might add.  I was with a friend and she ordered a couple drinks and grabbed a booth so we could watch--I told my companion, "this seems like fun."  Next, a couple came and took their turn on the mic--Irene and Daniel--wow!  They were really great.  I had so much fun, and that couple came and began talking to me and my companion right after they sang.  We have been friends ever since, and I try to meet up with them to hear their latest songs on Sunday nights.  Stephani Smiles at the Alley ;)  

                Last night, my friend and I grabbed beer at the bar (Guinness for him, Blue Moon for me), and settled into one of the empty booths against the back wall.  We had a great time talking about what we had coming up in the next week, and listening to various other bar-goers let their inner Adele and Rihanna out.  A group of four guys, though, stole the show as they teamed up on "Belle" from Beauty and the Beast.  Amazing.  So, so amazing.  It's kind of hard to find places that you can just lounge around in on a Sunday night, so I am veryyy grateful that a place like The Alley exists.  Great neighborhood bar filled with lots of personality that draws out a range of other personalities from the surrounding area.  Doesn't get any better than this.  

                I have been going to The Alley off and on for years.  They have really good fried chicken cost is reasonable, well, the food costs are.  They charge way too much for bottled beer and don't forget to bring plenty of cash.  To all that one star The Alley for bad service and soggy fries.  Well, I can tell you the service gets better with time and everyone knows you get the baked potato, not fries!  

                Two main reasons I would go to The Alley:  1. If I'm looking for a chill place to hang out on a weeknight. 2. If I want a decent steak dinner.  The Alley is amazing. The ambiance, the people, and the food are all spot on. It's a place more on the chill side as far as bars go, but it's a place that I feel at home. A true dive bar with a touch of dorky. The Alley is a dimly lit, nitty-gritty-looking place to take in your surroundings.   - Business cards along the walls - Intimate booths - Karaoke or singing accompanied by piano on most nights (sometimes trivia) - Unfortunately, no beers on tap. Just bottled - A decent steak for the price of ~$14 - Great staff - Friendly people - More locals than hipsters  Come check it out, don't check it out, no one cares enough here. But you're always welcome.  

                I lived by the lake for two years, and never stopped by here. My mistake.   My date and I put our name down at Boot & Shoe across the street, and were told it would be about 45 minutes. The bar was super packed at B&S, so we decided to mosey across the street instead. It's a dive, but a nice dive. Lots of tables, including semi-comfy booths with extremely springy seats. They do have table service, but we grabbed our drinks at the bar first. The bartender was friendly, and asked how dirty I wanted my martini so he didn't over brine it. Drinks are pretty cheap, one beer and one martini only came out to $12.   I really dig the vibe here. Super chill, but still pretty cute inside, with enough space for you and your friend and/or date to have some privacy. Apparently they also serve food, and they have a stage for karaoke. And, they have trivia night! Which I will probably be attending very soon. New favorite watering hole in Oakland.  

                Came in last night with a coworker after a long shift and in need a drink. Our original plan was to head over to smittys but walking by the alley we quickly changed our minds. Mind you I'm a big fan of dive bars and whole in the walls so I was immediately attracted. Once inside we were both immediately happy with our choice. We walked up to the bar and was greeted right away by Jennifer the bubbly bartender it was pretty busy for a Sunday night and she definitely looked tired but you could tell she handled it like a champ. The drinks were good! We both started out with Jameson sours and moved on to lagunitas. Atmosphere was awesome loved the dark grudge feel and the karaoke was very entertaining. We will definitely be back!!  

                Came here last night because most restaurants were closed at 10 and their kitchen was still open for another 20 minutes, perfect! The bf was craving steak, perfect! This place is a piano bar, cool! That pretty much sums it up.   My burger was pretty good considering I'm a burger snob. The melty American cheese really brought me back to childhood days. The patty was juicy and flavorful. The bf's steak wasn't medium like he wanted but it was decent and for late night grub, probably pretty darn good.   The really old and yellowed business cards stapled to the walls of the booths kind of creeped me out but I guess adds to the charm of the place. Interesting divey place to hang out.  

                Even though I've been here many times I've never managed to make it for a sing-along. In fact the main reason I come here is for the steak. For what you get, the price absolutely can't be beat. Surprisingly high quality steak and if it still doesn't meat (pun intended) your standards there is plenty of A1 and horseradish to drown it in. My husband prefers his as rare as possible and he reports that the cooking at The Alley is usually spot on.   The fried chicken is good as well, with a cornmealy breading and tender insides. It's a solid choice.   The first of my two gripes is that they don't have any beers on tap, it's all bottles. I don't really know why that bothers me, it just seems like draft beer is more efficient than bottled. My second gripe is that they're cash only.   Service is always excellent whether we're at the bar or a booth, a bartender even asked me what I was in the mood for (gin) and introduced me to one of my favorite cocktails ever (negroni).   The humble atmosphere, tasty steak and friendly service make The Alley one of my favorite bars ever!  

                We ended up at The Alley after a bad dinner experience at Mijori.  Sis and I were still hungry so we shared the Tony John Burger Special and onion rings.  The tasty burger was nice and juicy.  It really hit the spot.  My husband ordered the Alley Fried Chicken which was also good.  Our drinks were ok...not good for a bar.   All in all, the food was good and the company was great so we had a good time!  Unfortunately, they messed up our to go orders.  My brother-in-law and nephew weren't so lucky.  Date visited:  Saturday, November 22, 2014  

                Maybe it's just me, but I feel like the term "dive bar" is a little overused.   There are some legit dive bars out there, but it seems like every neighborhood spot gets tagged with the moniker.  Whichever way you look at it though, The Alley certainly deserves the title (in a good way).  From head to toe, they offer up just about everything you might want/expect:    -- Unassuming place?  I would have passed on by if it hadn't been our destination. -- Friendly staff?  Most definitely. -- Chill, eclectic vibe?  Just take a few steps inside.  -- Cheap alcohol?  Our wallets thought so. -- Hipster?  Not yet, but I'm sure they'll find out soon enough. -- Odd quirk or feature?  A piano for karaoke and live performances. -- Odder quirk or feature?  What's with the business cards stapled everywhere?   While they may not be the type of place where people go to be seen (no need to dress to the nines), it's terrific as the type of place you go to with friends to talk, drink, and have a good time.  Although the tattered booths and chairs might suggest otherwise, it's a pretty comfortable spot.  And awesome.  I mean, not every bar offers up some hefty steaks for around $15.  Now THAT was unexpected.  CASH ONLY.  

                I was looking for a place near my house to get a nice steak dinner, and I did a search on Yelp and found The Alley. It's in a creepy looking bar with a dining section. The steak was absolutely delicious along with the live musical entertainment.  

                This is the first bar that I went to with my fellow teachers.   I thought it was one of the coolest bars that I have ever been to considering that there was karoke and it was really laid back. You can put up your business card around the bar. Unfortunately this bar only allows cash but the cash register looks really cool.  

                This place is cool. As dive bars go, it offers great ambience (though grubby, naturally), good drinks, and piano kareoke (!!!). The bar is set up to look like an ally and for some reason there are business cards stapled to everything.   I like the unique seating they have- some booths. some tables, and a long bench/table communal area by the piano. Jen is my favorite bar tender because she's a straight shooter and she makes a mean whisky sour. I've never tried the food there because it seems like a bad idea to eat at a dive bar.   Go to The Alley for a casual drink and great entertainment or to chat with a regualr and shoot the sh*t with Jen!  

                I know it's a dive (dark, musty, little to no selection) but really...the bartender charged different amounts for the rounds (same exact drinks) and took the liberty of not even pretending to offer us our change. she's lucky we were already bent (came in that way and tipped at every round)! Rude! won't be back, but it's not for my demo any way. The second star is for a less terrible experience months ago.  

                What a weird and awesome bar. It's called the alley because they built an alley in it. I don't really know how but it works and has that musty homey feel is what you want out of your neighborhood bar.  The seats are decidedly uncomfortable and the trivia night was almost too easy to be fun. But our team did win and I got a free shot of goldschlager (goldschlager!) for my winning answer of "malibu stacey"  

                Good for bar food....Ordered the steak medium-well it came out well. Vegetables and baked potato good. Onion rings bad......I will come back to try their burger because steak had good char flavor.  

                Best price for a decent steak around . Ive put off leaving a review but ive been nack almost weekly over the past two months since first going after searching for a decent stesk in oakland minus the bougieness that comes from so many steak places. Nice and dim. Friendly service and spirited singers singing to piano music makes for a fulfilling meal.  

                If it was all about atmosphere, I'd give The Alley five stars. It's got business cards on the walls, a telephone pole, and a killer pianist that takes requests. This is where all the cool kids hang out, the ones who will not stand the Applebee's and TGIFs of the world.  And hey, the food's pretty good too -- where else can you get a steak, salad, tater, veggies, and garlic bread for $15? I can't say I'm a fan of their cash-only policy (or the lack of beers on tap), but I'm just picking nits. This place is awesome.  

                Ok, The Alley is super no frills.  They're a dark bar that serves a mean steak. Now, I digress, I don't mean this is the best steak I have ever tasted in my life. I mean to say that this steak for its price is meaty and cooked with oomph! For $15, you get all the fixins, the potatoes, the bread and the veggies! (I wonder if you can trade in your veggies for more steak) The quality is much better than those of any chain diner/fast food joint you could ever think of.  The service is attentive. Ambiance is dark and grimey, if anything. There seems to be a good amount of regulars here who keep the bartenders occupied (which was proven by how I was almost done with the food when my drink came).  I enjoyed The Alley! Sometimes you just want to get a drink and quality steak dinner, dressed in your work out clothes and no need for a server to consistently hound you as you eat.  Enjoy!  

                Yelp.  Please correct this.  While I agree this is a great dive bar, if this place is on equal par to Harris's in SF, Yelp is truly truly flawed.  4 stars for Dive bar 2 stars for food.  

                Fun dive bar! I played trivia here once. Lively crowd. Wasn't expecting the food to be good at all, but I was pleasantly surprised by my steak sandwich. It was pretty good for 11$!  

                Better than your average local dive bar. This place has live music, karaoke, and a pretty decent menu. The steak here is delicious and always cooked perfectly. For $13 you get a good deal. This is one of my favorites in Oakland.  

                cheap drinks and free karaoke with a great guitarist who encourages you to sing your heart out? What more can you ask for?!  

                Haven't been to a ton of bars over in Oakland, but this is my favorite one.  

                This place gets the thumbs-up for DIVE BARS :)  They have a piano and the walls are covered in old business cards. It's a cool dive bar, but also a place (like other dive bars) where you want to be careful what you touch.  The lady bartenders are nice and fast, provided you don't take forever trying to decide what the hell you want to drink.   CASH ONLY!  

                it's about time I gave this quirky and appealing place a shout-out.  I've been coming here occasionally with friends and family for some pretty good burger or steak and of course - karaoke!  Sundays bring a diverse group of locals and non-locals to flex their vocal muscles to a pretty comprehensive selection of songs / artists.  Whether you sing your style or summon your inner Stevie Wonder, Amy Winehouse, Sinatra and everyone in between - it's a whole lot of fun!  Encouragement abounds when some brave soul sounds like the Afleck Duck as well as thunderous applause after showcasing one's 4 octave range.  Neighborhood dive?  Check.  Quasi-uncomfortable seats?  Check.  Acid washed business cards stapled to the walls slowly creeping you out?  Check.  Juicy steaks and burgers?  Check.  Just a few reasons to check it out.  

                This place is amazing. Low key. Casual. And always fun. Everyone who works there is super accommodating. Super friendly place.  

                Love my Sundays at the Alley! Karaoke has never tasted so good! Best steak and song ever! It's cash only so go to the ATM before lol... I recommend the NY steak and burger special! Just awesome! Good neighborhood and awesome crowd. Hurry and come  

                Dingy little bar on Grand Ave with lots of character, fairly priced drinks, and one of the few places I've been to where karaoke is fun not forced. The ambiance reminded my friends and I of a tavern out of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies (low wooden beams, a bit dusty and yellowed, and dim lighting). It was a good place for impromptu drinks with buddies, and the waitress gave us free fries when the kitchen accidentally made an extra order, which automatically bumped this place up a star for me!  

                If you aren't trying to make it something else, you can find authenticity and charm in the Alley.  You have to be willing to love what it is and what it isn't.  This place doesn't try to be "kitschy" like those burger chains with fake vintage tin "baking powder" signs strategically placed by designers; it has real, random things stuck everywhere by real people.  Secret fact: One night, I smuggled in a hideous clock and stuck it on a shelf while no one (except my date) was looking.  I KNOW I'm not the only one.  This isn't really a "Karaoke" spot with a DJ, recorded music and a screen popping up words. . .  it's a chance to sing from sheet music with "uncle" Rod playing the piano like you used to do before there were 800+ TV channels and the internet to entertain you incessantly.    Yes, there are business cards stuck everywhere and some are tattered, old, and for businesses/people that are no longer around.  I'm OK with that.  They serve mammoth steaks with full-fat dressing, drinks made using bottles instead of a beverage gun and they don't take credit cards. . . .  it's as if no one here heard that  they are supposed to do things the way everyone else does it.  I'm fine with that, too.   I'll take this over Sizzler, Applebys or some green-screen karaoke place any day and hope you get a chance to experience The Alley while it's there.  In a few years, there will only be the stories about how cool it was. . . . And when it's gone, like Playland at the Beach or Della's Tea Cup Cafe or full service gas stations with S&H Green Stamps, you will hear the  stories, but won't ever be able to fully recreate the experience.  Go before it's too late.  

                The next time I'm sad, I'm heading to the Alley. Next time I'm feeling celebratory, I'll go to the Alley. Next time I don't want to deal with hipsters, I'm escaping to the Alley. Next time I want a stiff drink in a plastic cup for $5, to the Alley I will go. And next time I want to butcher a Mariah Carey song with piano accompaniment... it's Alley time!  This place is magical beyond words; a place to make the kind of memories you only dimly & fondly remember, a place for all denominations of fun-lovers, a place to meet people you didn't know were your neighbors, and maybe, if you dare - a place to pretend you're someone else, singing along to the Standards with Rod Dibble.  So, next time someone says, "what should we do tonight?" you'll know the answer.  

                This place is awesome - go Go GO!  

                5/5 for Wednesday nights with Paul on guitar.  I've heard some amazing live music on Wednesdays.  The food is ok- kinda pricey. Drinks are great and they have a decent bottles beer selection. Nothing on tap.  

                Food is great. Karaoke is great. Atmosphere is great. Seriously awesome sweet spot by Lake Merritt...  

                I love this place! ! I work on Grand and after work I sometimes come here for dinner and the food is great and I get free entertainment from the people singing. Not to mention the amount of food you get for such a low price.  I recommend the club steak dinner, it's great!  

                Not a fan.   Came here for a friend's party. It's really not an ideal place for a large group, max 4. We had like 12 in our party, so we couldn't sit together. It was dark, the bar was crowded, there was a wait to sing at the piano bar. The people who do sing are clearly regulars who hog the piano. The old man who plays is hard to hear/understand. I ended up butchering "Dream a little Dream," because the dude just began playing, no discussion of key or tempo. I did choir for 7 years, I know how to fucking sing with a pianist accompanying me. I got so flustered that I didn't want to finish. I had two crappy beers and left. On the plus side, I did have a nice convo with the bartender, she was hilarious and sweet.  

