                When I heard an Italian accent at the counter, I knew my coffee was going to be great. I stop here twice a week for an Italian quality latte and a quick egg sandwich or frittata before work on Stanford campus.  The staff is friendly and fast. The bread is freshly baked and delicious. I could gain twenty pounds in a month from eating the very tasty pork sandwich. So juicy.  So perfect.  

                It was good...it was also salty. We both got a breakfast egg/pancetta sandwich and everything about it was salty. The bread, the pancetta, the side potatos. But it was still good....If they toned back the saltiness I'd probably be tempted to go back for it.  It's a teeny tiny place with a long line, so be prepared to bump into people and say "excuse me" a lot. There's nice outdoor seating- tables, picnic benches, and barrel/stool seating. You fend for your own on that.  

                Nestled behind the Stanford Medical Center is a little Italian villa which serves exclusively breakfast/brunch-type dishes.  I had the ricotta pancakes which were really really good.  If you can, try to get the patio seating on a clear morning - it was raining when I went so it was a little hard to sit outside.  Service is extremely quick and all of the food is prepared right in front of you behind the counter.    Ambiance is super quaint and cute.  It's really cool how when you're inside you can hear some of the chefs speaking Italian to each other - it just adds more to the authentic nature of this place.  

                Stanford barn. Lavender field. Patio seating. Breakfast donut holes?!  This place is as good as it gets. Tootsie's is beautiful inside and out, with their delicious breakfast pastries on display and the fresh scenery by a sea of lavender flowers. Unfortunately, you won't be looking at much because it's located right by the Hospital, but if you're facing another direction, you won't even be thinking about that fact.  Came here for breakfast around 10:30AM with a college friend on a beautiful and semi-cloudy Saturday. There were NO LINES when we waltzed up, and we got the butternut squash soup of the day (comes with pasta bread), two donut holes, and my Italiano breakfast toasted sandwich. I'm not too sure what the bread they used is called--I should ask next time, but it is ONE OF THE BEST BREADS I'VE EVER HAD. The Italiano was delicious--as a non-meat eater, it was either this or the mushroom one, and I went with this and had a delicious burst of pesto, olive oil, and bell peppers in my mouth. YES.  Service was quick and you can see all of the chefs making your food in front of you. There's also a delicious display of the morning's treasures from chocolate-stuffed pastries to croissants and cinnamon rolls. I just drooled looking at them. Price-wise, everything is typical Palo Alto price, but I wasn't too fazed by that. It was relatively average for the area.  After we stuffed ourselves, we walked over to the outdoor Stanford shopping center--it's literally a few streets away. Tootsie's has got a great location, beautiful ambiance, and delicious fresh foods. I'm giving this a 5 star rating, and I'd definitely be back next time.  

                This place is tucked away near Stanford University in a (yes you guessed it) barn-like setting. There's options for indoor and outdoor seating and I highly recommend sitting outside to take deep breaths of the lavender field they have. However, the ambiance is slightly marred by the sounds of construction happening across the street for the new pediatric hospital but we'll let that slide since it's for the children.  hot chocolate- decadent, rich and slightly heavy but not too sweet. A Delicious nectar for any chocolate lovers   Arancini di Riso- delicious risotto "balls" with arugala salad and cheese. Definitely try!   The Italian doughnut- ask them to put some Nutella in the middle- it's delicious!  Pollone- chicken is moist and crispy on the outside topped with light cole-slaw. Comes with store-made chips.   Portions are pretty big (at least it was for me) so think about sharing especially if you're thinking of getting desert. They have an array of pastries and some gelatos.  

                Tootsies is a little breakfast cafe with a great outdoor seating. Have had breakfast here a couple of times and the food is simple and tasty. Yesterday had the breakfast panino which was a fried egg on focaccia with some greens. Liked the fact that the sandwich has a single fried egg unlike 2-3 at other places, which keeps the meal light yet fulfilling.  Definitely a place to check out if you are in the Stanford area.  

                Had their special pulpo insalate.  Get this! For $14 you get a large platter of pan seared baby octopus, Yukon golden potatoes, dressed in a yummy calamata/caper/herb olive oil and soft focaccia to soak up all that goodness. Brought me back to the flavors Spain(even though this place is Italian/Californian)   Where can u get that much pulpo for that price!   My other faves are the porchetta panino with onion jam, sopressata panino, and their mochas. Get these!  

                It's been almost a year since i left my first review on Yelp for Tootsies and today i decided to update it to compliment this fantastic place again. The atmosphere is always wonderful and the food is, as usual, delicious and fresh. Rocco, the owner, has just introduced the new dishes on the menu and i recommend you to try the beet salad, the octopus salad (the best ever) and the poached eggs with prosciutto and brussels sprouts. Of course do not forget about the other dishes that are always delicious and don't forget to try the espresso coffee which is just fantastic. In conclusion: beautiful place, delicious food and friendly and efficient staff...a MUST for your breakfast and/or your lunch!!!  

                I'm very impressed with their location. Not only that- it looks very nice! The outside area is my favorite on a warm sunny day.   For busy healthcare professionals or parents of kids in the hospital Tootsies sits across the street from the pediatric hospital itself.   The inside area consists of one communal table and a couple of two seaters. Cozy.   There's a lot of regulars that love this place. They seem to like the croissant and egg dishes. I had the Fritata del Giorno. It's their Italian style omelette served with potatoes and Nutella toast. $9.75. If you're looking for a huge serving this isn't it. Although it's perfect for me. The Nutella toast on the side was a nice sweet indulgence. They also serve burgers!   We sat near the door facing the hospital where the servers come out and scream your numbers out. That bothered me. 75! 85! And so on... It goes on I assume all day?I'm also guessing the reason is they don't want to walk around searching for your number given by the cashier? But isn't that the whole point? Also it's a short distance to walk. Why don't they use their own numbering system in peace and quite? Please??  With that in mind it's a very nice place to dine. Total for two $30+. You decide.  

                Tootsies it just sort of perfect for summer. It's what I'd call an "instagram" meal. Sitting outside on a cute patio sipping an iced coffee waiting for a large salad or breakfast dish to come, everything is just very cute.   They don't have a ton of inside seating so chances are that you'll be eating outside or taking a meal to go.    The food is nearly all house made, the bread, the italian doughnuts, everything. And it's all pretty good. If you get their too late you might miss some options because they get so busy that dishes run out throughout the day.    My recommendations would be the spinach salad and portobello mushroom sandwich, both are fantastic.  

                This place is in an interesting location. Took me a little bit to find, but it was worth it. I use it as my stop over point whenever I go cycling in the area because they have tons of outdoor seating around (with heaters too for the winter time!). It's actually in the Stanford Barn area and kind of buried in the back. Very close to the shopping area, so could be convenient, but not close enough that it's crowded with all the shopping people.  The menu changes pretty constantly. I've always seen something different on the menu. The patio area is quite nice, especially on a nice day. I've never actually seen it overly crowded on the weekend (only Saturday's because they're not open on Sundays), so it's always a pleasant experience.  Their paninis are pretty good. Nothing like a warm toasty sandwich to keep you going on a bike ride. Service is pretty quick (you an order inside and they'll bring it out to you); I've never been waiting anymore than 10 or so minutes. The coffee is pretty good too.  It is a little pricey, but it is Palo Alto... the kitchen is pretty small though, so I would expect that if they got busy, it might take longer to get your food. The paninis come usually with a mixed green salad or fries; I usually get the salad which is pretty good. They also have a bunch of pastries/cold sandwiches on display as well, which I've never tried, but they're just sitting out in the display case.  Staff is pretty friendly, though you don't get too much interaction with them. Definitely a good brunch/lunch place (if you make their hours that is).  

                Location: On the corner of welch road! Plenty of parking available, not hard to miss at all.  Customer Service: It's very fast paced, I ended up sitting outside and it took forever for my food to come out I had to go inside when I realized I was waiting way too long for my food and the guy was just walking arpund back and forth inside the restaurant trying to figure out who's order he was holding. I wasn't the only one sitting outside either there were other people which I saw got their food served to them? I have no idea why he didn't think to look outside for my order.... he was the same guy that served the others outside.....so there you go that's a couple of stars knocked off just for that!  Decor: It lives up to it's name wooden like ambiance a "barn" feel.  Presentation of Food: Nothing out of the ordinary.  How did the food taste?: I ended up getting the riccotta pancakes and a latte. The riccotta pancakes that other yelpers were raving about was nothing special at all! The portions are extremely small and it had no flavor that would make me want to crave it. I could go to another cafe or diner that can serve this same dish with bigger portions and flavors that stand out which would want you to come back for more. The latte had the fancy barista touch to it but was whatever as well!  Overall Experience: The reason I came here was because of the yelp reviews in hope to find a good go to cafe near work.  Would I Come Back?: No.  

                Definitely a hidden gem right on the edge of Stanford campus. This cafe has a true homey vibe, and the outdoor seating (i.e. stools + wine barrel table) is perfect for enjoying the always-perfect Stanford weather.   Moka Dark Chocolate - According to the staff, this is made by literally melting down chocolate chips, and after one sip you have no doubts about the accuracy of that statement. This rich and delicious drink is probably better to share than tackle solo Pollone - I love fried chicken sandwiches, and this one did not disappoint. The chicken is fried absolutely perfectly Homemade fries/chips - Both of these taste similar, so you really can't go wrong with either. The homemade touch makes it worth trying  I'm looking forward to coming back to check out their highly acclaimed breakfast/brunch options.  

                Tootsie's has one of the best burgers in town. Trust me, you won't regret ordering that with a side of chips. They also have a wide selection of salads and sandwiches.  There is a small outdoor patio on the side of the barn, with dining tables facing LPCH. A great place for lunch on a sunny day.  Parking is in a private lot tucked on the side of the barn, with a max. limit of 2 hours.  

                The place was really packed when I came here on Valentine's Day. Not sure how it is on typical weekends but we were able to find a nice spot outside to enjoy our lunch. Great place for brunch! Get their Tootsie burger!  

                One of my favorite coffee shops/restaurants. Love all their coffees and pastry. The sandwiches are also healthy and delicious. Personal favorite is hot coppa panino.  The outdoor seating is facing a small field of lavender plants. On a sunny day, the view and smell make you feel as if you were on a short trip in south France.  

                Have been here a few times for breakfast or lunch or just a cappuccino.  I love the guys that work here!!  For breakfast, I enjoy the toast with egg and capers/celery mix on top. Eating outside here is the best. It's quiet in the middle of Stanford area chaos. Everyone needs a little of that.  

                I should give this place a four, but the fries were served cold.  4 star restaurants don't serve cold fries. But I think this place is worthy, on most days, of the 4 stars that many Yelpers are giving it.    We came at the end of the day, toward closing, and it looked like they had lost most of their steam.  You know how that is, the servers are cleaning up, wiping the tables, looking like they just want to clean up and go home.    I guess it was too late to throw some new fries into the fryer?  Anyway.  The burgers we had were good.  Served on foccacia bread.  We asked about the custard-filled bombolone, and he brought out a couple samples.  They were good, but they need to be served fresh.  This is a quaint place.  The kind of place you want to come and spend time talking with a friend, or bring your laptop and to do some lazy work and just hang out for a bit.  Next time I'll come back with my wife, and if possible, we'll try to make it here in the morning for the fresh zeppole and/or bombolone.  

                What a lil gem of a place!  Was in Silly Valley, otherwise known as "man Jose" for work. I'm a huge fan of this area as you can tell. Needed to grab a quick bite to eat, so found this place on the yelp app, and came for some breakfast and lunch.   The cafe is very very small, only enough seating for less than 10 people. There is free wifi and wall plugs to connect your electronics. The food is very good. The pastries are warm fluffy and freshly baked oozing out a delicious aroma. Breads for the paninis and sandwiches are all freshly baked in the am as well. I got a sandwich and salad for lunch and both exceeded my expectations.  Service was fast and efficient. Bathrooms are located across in the way in the main Barn building and not inside the cafe. Parking is free in the lot adjacent to the cafe.  

                One of the best burgers I've ever had! The whole waiting process is a bit annoying with small aisle and workers going back and forth the kitchen (it's an open kitchen where you can see how they are cooking). However, food itself was amazing.  The workers were chill and friendly.  The line gets long during lunch hour. The outdoor benches always get full. The view was a bit disappointing (contrary to other reviews) due to construction going on at that time.  Patio can be really hot due to strong Californian sunlight. I recommend going early and one person from the group saving seats.  

                Delicious, cute, Italian.  

                This place was one of my favs but .... First, they charged me a whole extra dollar for bread? Bad omen? What? (Beware that their prices change frequently (by a smidge) and it's hardly noticeable.) Regardless of the charge I am still in love with their Trota Affumicafa Salad but due to popularity it is now the most expensive on the menu at $10 each (although usually worth it).  I've tried a lot of things here and that has continued to be my favorite dish, sometimes I just crave it...like today! Their service is usually superb as well except for today when they were just a bit...off... I ordered the Trota salad and was MASSIVELY disappointed, there was way too much dressing to the point where it both; tasted sour and leaked through the box. My colleagues ordered the copocca sandwich and she said it was incredibly sub-par, "they should've made it open-faced since there was no reason for all the bread. " my other coworker was so disgruntled she threw it away (she also ordered a sandwich).  The chips on the side were not even CRUNCHY with everything else being drab, mind you we come here often for lunch, and now we are deterred.  Other than that the wait was extremely long, longer than 15minutes, but that was expected since there was a line out the door.  Overall I don't know when I'll eat here again, but if I do I hope they impress me!  

                Update: the dark hot chocolate is outstanding, as usual: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tootsies-at-the-stanford-barn-palo-alto?select=Hqw7fW2tAgr0cELcWCYffQ#Hqw7fW2tAgr0cELcWCYffQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/toot…</a> But the zeppole (mini-popovers) are best if you get them early in the morning, when they are still fresh.  I tried the bombolone again: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tootsies-at-the-stanford-barn-palo-alto?select=rZD-cqP6nYf8vnkmhjcm9g#rZD-cqP6nYf8vnkmhjcm9g">yelp.com/biz_photos/toot…</a> I recommend them only early in the morning: like donuts, they are best when they are fresh.  

                I love this place so much. The food is amazing - my favorite is the pollone sandwich, the best chicken schnitzel style sandwich I've had in the US. Their coffee is excellent, some of the best on the peninsula. And their baked treats are just delicious. Top it off with outdoor seating overlooking a beautiful lavender field and a nice big courtyard for kids to play in and this place is just perfect for a Saturday brunch. I just wish they were open more on the weekend!  

                A disappointment. The kitchen space is small and seems unable to keep up with the volume they want to produce. My poached eggs were not good and left trails in my mouth; the brussels sprouts were cold, as were the potatoes -- as if they'd been cooked and reheated. This place aspires to better food than they execute.  Patio dining is atmospheric. If you don't mind noise you at least get to watch construction on the hospital next door.  

                Wow, I can't believe I have been living in the Bay Area for years and haven't been here yet. Someone suggested the spot for a brunch meet-up and I LOVE IT! Really great spot for a Saturday brunch with some girlfriends or even a date. I never would have guessed there would be a cute little place tucked away on the Stanford campus.   +Plenty of parking +A bit of historical flair +Outdoor seating is lovely for brunch +Tuna Panino and latte macchiato were both great! Loved the combination of arugula, tuna, radish, and hard boiled egg on foccacia.   I have to come back to try their famous bombolini!  Note: closed on Sundays!  

                Despite this being a brunch/breakfast place, this is also a fantastic place for lunch :D  I went here with a friend on a friday afternoon for lunch and it was busy! There was a line and the tables were full but the line moved fast and there wasn't too much of a struggle to find tables. The restaurant itself is really small with only a couple of seating options inside but plenty more outside. You order inside and they give you a number and bring out your order to you. I love that they have barrels as tables..it's a nice decoration choice :)   I ordered their perfetto panini and it was delicious! Their bread is crisp which gives the entire sandwich a nice crunch when you bite into it. The italian sausage had a great blend of spices that went really well with the red bell pepper spread. The broccoli rabe also gave the panini another cruch. I also got their homemade chips as my side and they were AMAZING. Great seasoning and the chips were fresh! My friend got the pollone sandwich with their homemade fries and he really enjoyed it.   Definitely a great spot for lunch if you're in the area :)  

                I came here because of all the great reviews and I have been meaning to try this place for awhile. It is a lunch, coffee and breakfast place great for meeting friends, having a meeting or just reading or writing. Lovely chairs around the cute brick building with a pretty view of the stanford barn. Food prices are not bad cheaper then Cafe Barrone. I would take a friend here as it is such pleasant space on a sunny day.  

                Oh my, the Arancini di Riso... so delicious! It's basically risotto balls with cheese and arugula salad, and some bread. It's very tasty, and may not be the most balanced meal but you will love it! I'm definitely coming back to try their sandwiches and salads. I think no matter what time of the day you go, there's going to be a long line. There's not a lot of seating, and the inside is small and the patio area gets filled up real fast, so I suggest getting it to go.  

                I want to love be in love with Tootsies. I mean, I really want to.  It's super cute, there is lots of outdoor seating surrounded by (almost) a field of lavender. It smells amazing.  Most, if not all, of the food is freshly made. Their arancini are where it's at.  That being said, the place can get pretty busy during lunch and it does take a good amount of time to get your food. If you can, I'd recommend calling your order in ahead of time if you are in a rush. The one star deduction is only because it takes a long time to get your food.  

                The reviews made it sound like this was an interesting place. It's not. Unless you work at the medical center next door, no need to go out of your way for this.   No cold sodas No coffee No hot sauce Unimpressed by all 3 dishes   Great service though!  

                The Tootsie burger was pretty good, it came  with grilled onion inside and the bun made it a perfect match. The yellow fun tuna panini was not bad either. We also liked the squash soup. However, the drip coffee and the double shot latte macchiato were both too light for us. We loved the outdoor seating area, altho the construction noise for the children's hospital will be going on for a while, until 2017.  

                T It took a minute for someone to take our order even though there were two guys talking behind the counter...no "it'll be just a moment" or even a glance at us.  Good thing a nice gentleman arrived and took our order.   Seating indoors is non-existent, so we chose to sit outside next to the "lavender field". It was a beautiful setting for lunch. Our food was ready fairly quickly. It was presented beautifully and tasted amazing! The bread seemed like it was fresh baked. A bit on the pricey side for lunch, but I wouldn't expect less for the area.   Very close to the Children's Hospital (which is why we chose it). I'd love to try a dessert next time :)  

                This is a great place for breakfast, brunch, or lunch. The location is relaxing with mostly outside seating. The food is great. There are sandwiches, salads, soup, and pastries. I like to visit with one or two friends on a day when we have some time to kill. The service is friendly and pretty quick when the lunch rush is not  a line out the door. As with most of the Palo Alto cafes, it is not cheap. The wonderful spinach salad I had today cost me $10. On the other hand, it was a very good salad and I am not missing my $10. Be aware that the lunch rush can result in a wait. I will be back, many more times.  

                Great little cafe. No frills, walk up, order your items, find a seat, and your food is prepared as you order.  Everything on the menu looked delicious.  Unfortunately, between two people, you can only order so much.  So we decided to split the Frittata del giorno and Breakfast Panino.  Both were yummy.  But we were definitely drooling as we watched everyone else's food being served.  

                I've been to Tooties a handful of times in the past couple of weeks and have not been disappointed.   Their breakfast panino is to die for. Over easy eggs, spinach, pancetta nestled in between fresh toasted bread. Messy but so delicious. I sop up the egg yolk with my country potatoes.   The sausage and eggs is a winner also but ranks lower compared to the breakfast panino. The sausage is homemade and the scrambled eggs come topped with grilled onions and roasted bell pepper. Nomnom  Their croissants are delectable. Crunchy and flaky on the outside yet buttery and chewy on the inside. Their lattes pair well with this and is a perfect afternoon pick me up.   Order at the counter and they bring out the food to your table. Limited seating inside but plenty of patio seating. Love the lavender field right outside.   Only downside is they close at 4  and all day Sunday. Make sure you stop by before then.   5 stars  

                3 for food but 4 stars for the setting. Came here just as it opened at 10a and already there was a line of people waiting outside. Situated beside the Barn, the weathered bricks of the restaurant complemented the rustic setting. You approach, enter, order, and then emerge into the sun to find a seat outdoors, ideally under a sunbrella. We scored an awesome seat, sunny but shaded.  Given it was our first time and not knowing when we would return, we greedily ordered: - Bomboloni ($3.50/ea): basically, it's a donut. you choose the filling. we tried the lemon curd which didn't taste like lemon, more just custard, and nutella, which is pure decadence. - Ricotta Pancakes ($6.25): it was 3 or 4 stacks, light but substantial and topped with slices of strawberries, and drizzled with syrup. good but not distinctive. - Sausage & Peppers Scramble ($10.25): this was disappointing. it was just a sausage or two with a few strands of sauteed red peppers and onions, with some scrambled eggs. a side of red potatoes (which needed more seasoning) and 2 pieces of semi dry foccaccia. meh. - Cappuccino ($3.25): this was very pretty. i like the bulbous cups. - Drip Coffee ($2.25): self serve  Come for the patio seating on a warm day. Maybe stick to the pastries and hot beverages.  

                Came here for a Saturday brunch. Tootsies has largely outdoor seating with plenty of umbrellas providing shade, and is on a quiet (on Saturday) street, which makes for a nice setting. Food is ordered at the counter, and then it is brought to your table. The whole process was fairly quick for us, and service was friendly.  We had the ricotta pancakes (with strawberries) and breakfast panino (with salad and potatoes), along with a latte and some of the self-serve coffee. Food was pretty good. Would we come here again? Maybe, but there are other brunch places in Palo Alto that we would revisit sooner.  

                Cute little spot to have breakfast or brunch in Palo Alto. My favorite item on the menu is their ricotta pancakes! Only downside of this place is that they're closed on Sundays!  

                The 4 star rating was definitely deceptive. We were in the area and searched up a decent place for breakfast, per Yelp. What should have been a more exhaustive Yelp search led us here so now we've learned our lesson.  The place is this cute hipstery barn, which is nice and all but it doesn't make up for their abysmally small breakfast menu (which, mind you, is not accurate or up-to-date, both of which make for a frustrating ordering experience). You might think, oh well, less is more, but when leaving seems like just as good as any other option, something's kind of wrong with the menu.   Anyway we settled on some egg scrambles. They were pretty flavorless. Could have done it myself with 2 eggs and some kale. Tried to make these plain Jane eggs more interesting with some Tabasco or ANYTHING but none were to be found here (trust that I definitely asked).   For $5 ish per dish you could say that I shouldn't complain. However I had one very hungry stomach to fill that morning and could have filled it with anything in Palo Alto, so I was just bummed that Yelp landed me here when what it should have said was, "Go here if you're on a budget and want something fast, but otherwise the food is not interesting."  

