                They're very on top of cross contamination for their gluten free items. The pancakes are flavorful and a wonderful texture. They also know how dry gluten free bread is and did a good job balancing the sauce on the something florentine to compensate. I'll gladly be back for the third day in a row tomorrow  It does take some time to get your food, but it's completely worth it. Just relax and enjoy the day.  

                Environment: child friendly , casual, simple Service: authentic, sweet, fast  Food: great!!! Tried the spinach crepe and waffle. Both were better than we expected and so flavorful!!!  

                I'm in town visiting family and needed a good vegan meal. I came here because of the solid online reviews and i was not disappointed. The ladies who took my order were super-duper nice. In fact, when bringing out the sandwich, apparently one half fell. I didn't notice that, but they informed me what happened and made a fresh one and brought it out. The replacement half was actually extra big so that was really nice of them. Maybe I'm a bit jaded, but I think most places would have just picked it up and slapped it on the plate again.   Anyway, now onto the food itself. I had lentil soup, which is really good. It wasn't too salty like a lot of restaurants soups and was pretty hearty with several veggies like carrots and kale. The soy-chicken salad sandwich was also really good. It all hit the spot and made for a lovely meal. Next time I come to visit my family in alameda, I'll be sure to come back here.  

                Awesome place. Awesome food. High quality, healthy, and very very satisfying.   Prices are a little expensive for the portion size but everything about this place is better than average. Husband couldn't resist the daily pizza offering. Freshly baked vegan pizza (chicken pesto). It was awesome!  I had a sandwich with almond pesto, avocado (can't remember what else). Nicely balanced and flavorful. Both entrees came with one of the tastiest kale salads we have ever had.   The place is small and we didn't think it would be kid friendly but they have a great play area for kids in the corner and were very accommodating to the kid's taste by making some of their pizza cheese only (daiyo cheese of course).   This is the type of vegan food we're always looking for and have a hard time finding, particularly in our area. It's a shame we have to come this far to find food like this.  

                I just scarfed down a generous plate of Tofu Benedict with a spinach salad on the side, and while I've never tried Eggs Benedict before, this was such a treat.   I loved the house-made hot sauce, and the Hollandaise was so deliciously decadent. It's so rich & creamy, you won't believe its vegan!   Their weekend brunch is served from 10am until 3pm. I usually sleep in on the weekends, so I love the fact that they serve breakfast until halfway through the afternoon. I highly recommend it! There are several gluten free options, as well.   Now I am staring down the dessert case, wondering if I can fight the urge to order a cinnamon roll to take away.   Be strong, B. Be strong.  

                I've had two visits here and I am looking forward to more brunches here because the food is very tasty and very reasonably priced.  Customer service is excellent, and the restaurant is located adjacent to a BART station in a neighborhood that never seems to have any parking problems.  Two Mammas' has a pretty decent size menu for such a small place, and they have gluten-free options as well.  The portions are pretty big - and the sauces are delicious.  Last visit there I had the quiche and my friend had a crepe.  There is a small pastry case and we also had one of the cinnamon rolls which was super delicious (way better than those chemically flavored sugar bombs at that place in Berkeley!).  I honestly cannot figure out why this place is not overrun with hipsters like Timeless on Piedmont, is it the location? Is it the lack of an espresso machine?    Do yourself a favor - head to Two Mammas before it is overrun -- the food is delicious, nutritious and you'll be so happy for laid back, peaceful vibe here!  

                Such a cute place not so far from HNU.  The ambience is pretty chill, and the artwork along the walls are eye-catching.  The place is run by a lovely couple, Jules and Jess.  They were both really nice and helpful with the menu.  My friend wanted to sample out their soup before ordering, so we each tried a sample of this wild rice soup.  The soup was pretty good with the exception of the garbanzo beans  I ordered the Jules' Daily "Chicken" Salad Sandwich which has shredded soy chicken, vegan mayo, rosemary, garlic, and red onions over a bed of seasonal greens and tomatoes on a French roll along with the soup.  I'm no vegan expert , and neither are the friends I came with, but I personally thought my dish was pretty tasty. I ate everything on that plate minus the tomatoes.  They didn't enjoy their dishes as much, but I think it's because they're not used to it.  Either that, or there was something lacking in their food.  Would I come back here? Maybe. I'm no health superfreak nor a fast food/junk food gluttonist, but if I were to come back here, it would have to be with somebody who is as willing as me to try out healthier meal alternatives.  

                Small spot near the Fruitvale BART with a handful of tables and a couch / loungy section in the back corner.  I got the Raw Massaged Kale Salad ($6, with seasonal fruit or vegetable, nuts and Balsamic vinaigrette) plus soy "chicken" (+$1.5)  I thought it was a good size salad for the price (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/two-mammas-vegan-kitchen-oakland-2?select=QowhWvqdYV68Y6fgM1-8PQ#WtGGo9pmHjqd18jQ2f6fig">yelp.com/biz_photos/two-…</a>) and today's toppings were plums, almonds, and grated carrots (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/two-mammas-vegan-kitchen-oakland-2?select=QowhWvqdYV68Y6fgM1-8PQ#0eW_gWRQWw_lj2zKKcEgoQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/two-…</a>). There were a couple of pretty salty bites, leftovers from the massage, but overall very enjoyable.  I was expecting soy chicken strips, but this was a soy chicken salad which was shared with one of the sandwich options with vegan mayo and red onions (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/two-mammas-vegan-kitchen-oakland-2?select=QowhWvqdYV68Y6fgM1-8PQ#oj9tPoI3VeXyUkbGkY0jZw">yelp.com/biz_photos/two-…</a>). Good flavor with a little softer texture than real chicken.  Friendly staff. Delicous food at a good value. I'll be back to try more.  

                First off, I want to say the service her is great. The atmosphere is very welcoming. The food is good too. I had the potato florentine and tofu benedict. Every bite was full of flavor, not overbearing but just the right amount. Their house hot sauce is also a great addition. If you are looking for a great place to hangout and eat, this is the place to go.  

                I went back recently with my partner. I ordered the waffle with seasonal fruit which came with 4 raspberries individually arranged on top of the waffle. This came with a side delicious kale salad however, at nearly $13, I felt like something was missing. Perhaps, the waffle dish should be priced lower or consider adding something else to make up for it. To boot, when my food was served, no one told me I had to hunt down my own syrup left on any given table which made things confusing. The portions are decent although a little on the small side. We left hungry and headed over to another place to fill up. We both just felt that for what we got, the food was overpriced and the service could have been better. We really want them to be successful given that vegan places are hard to find so hopefully, they will read their reviews and consider feedback.  

                It's not often we can find great vegan brunch choices.  My husband and I were in Oakland last weekend and found this gem on yelp.  The kale salad that came with my potato florentine was crazy good.  I gobbled up every bit!  Next time I'm in Oakland I will visit Two Mammas'!  

                Everything on their menu is delicious! I love this place and have loved seeing them grow as a business. They don't sacrifice quality ever. Also, vegan hollandaise sauce?! Am-az-ing!  

                We just had one of the best breakfasts/brunches ever!!! The food and service were both fantastic!   The crepe and potato florentine were prepared with fresh ingredients, perfectly seasoned and completely satisfying. The oatmeal, raisin, chocolate chip muffin was a treat!  As soon as we walked in, we felt comfortable and relaxed. This is a family-friendly gem with a dedicated area for kids to play board games at their own picnic-style table.   The love and attention they put into providing nourishing food and a welcoming environment is refreshing! We can't wait to come back!!! Don't hesitate for a second about supporting their wonderful work! One visit and you'll be hooked!!!  

                I'm not a vegan, but my niece is so while going out for the day in Alameda she located Two Mama's for a place to eat lunch. There were 4 of us in the group and we ordered almost everything on the menu to share. The food was the best vegan food I've had. It was hard to tell that the "chicken" salad wasn't real chicken, and the sausage in the breakfast wrap tasted fresh and "real". The pizza was superb.  The crust on the pizza was about the best thick crust dough I've ever eaten. The apricot scone was delicious. The breads were wonderful and the gluten-free pancakes were excellent.  It's not a fancy restaurant but Jess made us feel right at home when ordering. If you're in need of a great local place to get some great vegan cooking check this place out. I will definitely be going back.  

                Cute little spot in Oakland owned and ran by a nice couple to which the menu is inspired.  One creates the more hearty protein based dishes while the other creates more veggie based fare. It's a very casual vibe space is bright and airy and filled with local artwork...i believe which is available for purchase.   The food is great! I went on a no meat/ no dairy challenge and was missing the substantialness which meat gave me. This place definitely made up for it. The food was tasty, fresh and filling....Did I mention it was all vegan!!!!! So while on my challenge I could order anything off the menu and was safe!    The iced coffee was excellent as well. They do their best to use as many organic ingredients as possible which is nice. Oh and they also have vegan ice cream from coconut milk.  Haven't tried it...yet.  I have already recommended this place to a few friends and can't wait to go back and try something new from the menu.  

                I'm not vegan but the food was very good and it's somewhere I will definitely return too. They seemed understaffed and a bit overwhelmed on a Sunday brunch service but I am sure they will get it together. The cinomon rolls were particularly great!  

                Great healthy food!! These two ladies are so friendly!! It's a great small neighbor cafe!!  Very kid friendly. They make wonderful Ice coffee. I am not a vegan but I would of have never know that I had a dish because it was so good!! Will return whenever I am in the neighborhood!!  

                As a vegan, I am extremely hard on vegan restaurants because I expect them to do everything possible to knock it out of the park. Fair or not, there is a lot at stake. Vegan restaurants are at the front lines of representing an alternative way of eating and sometimes, one meal is enough to really influence someone's perspective on whether or not eating vegan is possible.   Well, Two Mamma's absolutely HITS IT OUT OF THE PARK. Non-vegans can't say that they miss the meat or dairy here. The food is beyond delicious, extremely satisfying, healthy as can be without skipping the importance of tastiness.   We went for brunch and sampled a bit of everything, from the benedict to the lattes to the cinnamon rolls. Loved the kale salad as a side dish. Servings were extremely generous. We just kept eating and eating because it was so good. To top it all off, they had an open play space with lots of toys for our toddler. I only wish I lived closer to Two Mamma's but I am starting a campaign for them to open a branch in Berkeley. Please try it - you will not regret it.  

                This was my first official "vegan" breakfast, and as a non-vegan I was a bit nervous.  Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, and it was perplexing to think how they could interpret breakfast finest dishes.  However, after my breakfast, I wish that I had a nickel for every time that I said "wow!  that's vegan?"  It was so good!  Granted I didn't go with any of the menu items that were supposed to resemble meat and opted for the Belgian Waffle with berries instead.  There was a dollop of faux cream that was particularly delightful.  The smoothie that I stole a few sips from was also good.  Not in the best centrally located section of Oakland, I wish them lots of luck with their restaurant and would return if I'm in Fruitvale for breakfast again.  

                Two Mammas" Vegan Kitchen offerings i wasn't sure of. black board lists soup/sandwich special : 5 or 6, i forget there's a menu. but i didn't see much food/goods on the shelf.  just asked for what was available.  eats: mushroom/cheese calzone (5) w/dap of salad(6) -calzone was doughy, semifilled  with fresh sliced mushrooms/cheese -small spring mix salad had walnuts, sliced tomatoes, tasty vinegarette.  drink: yerbamate lemonade(3) -yummy, refreshing.  takeouts: -near fruitvale bart station. -everything fab here, just too hot inside... -seating available, ordered at the counter...  

                They have really great vegan Mac and cheese. I've been here three times now, and I haven't been disappointed with anything I've tried yet.   And the space is very nice, with art on the walls, so unlike anything else around. Such a welcome addition to the neighborhood!  

                Super yummy. Close to Fruitvale bart Organic food and tastes super good. Friendly owners.  

                Outstanding, it's hard to fault all vegan places, since they put so much more effort into the food than vegan options at regular restaurants.   I went with a very large group for brunch, and got served nearly last, so was a bit grumpy by the time I got my food - but had been warned about that, so that was expected.  Obviously, you need to try everything on the menu.  I need to go back for lunch and dinner.  It's just a touch out of the way from the main resturants in Oakland (but really close to Fruitvale bart).  You should go.  

                This place has the best baked goods! The blueberry muffins are super moist, exploding with fresh blueberries, delicious and not overly sweet. Really chill atmosphere, cozy and close to Fruitvale BART, the owners are really cool. This sweet spot is right by my home/office, I'm looking forward to cozy winters here :)  

                I was really happy with them. The service was good and everything turned out nice.  

                I keep trying not to like vegan food, and this place is not helping. I come here at least twice a week for lunch with my dazzling co-workers. Jules and Jess are soup wizards! Different delicious soups EVERYDAY! Soup/Salad or Soup/Sammy combo is my jam. Great price/value and tasty hot sauce. Color me happy.   Thank you so much for bringing such tastiness and loveliness to the neighborhood.  

                East Oakland is not the place to look for vegan good but this gem proves that a foodie treasures could be found anywhere. Whether you're vegan or not, this queer run spot is so awesome, the menu changes so it never gets boring and the flavors are diverse. The Almond Ricotta is the best vegan cheese I've had and and the massaged kale always disappears from my plate the moment it's served. Bring friends and come hungry!  

                This place is FAB!!!!  My husband and I have had brunch here every Sunday for the past 2 months.  I have now tried everything on the menu and you cannot fail!!!  Everything is amazing!  My fav is the savory crepe.  We are gonna try their lunch for the first time this week and I can't wait!!!!  It is awesome to have another amazing vegan place to close to Alameda!  Yeah!  

                So, they didn't have everything and it was kinda self serve but the food was good. And in the land of cheese, aka Fruitvale, Two Mammas' is an oasis of vegan goodness.  

                Here are reasons to eat at Two Mammas: 1. Friendly attentive staff. 2. Kid friendly!!! 3. Diverse selection of vegan prepared items on the menu. 4. Great price and value for awesomely delicious food! 5. You feel good eating the food and your body will thank you as well. 6. Even if you are a non-vegan, you'll still enjoy the food! 7. Walking distance from Fruitvale Bart station. 8. Support local Oakland based business.  I will be be to try more items on their menu!  

                A (literal) two-minute walk from my place!... What a wonderful spot!  I had the Vegetable Frittata with soy chorizo; a deeply savory and satisfying selection. The home fries were brown and well cooked, without a trace of excess oil. To boot, their homemade hot sauce was complex in flavor, complementing everything it touched.  I was a vegan/vegetarian for many years, but no longer am. That being said, I still have sharp tendencies toward meatless and non-dairy cuisines. Two Mammas' offerings, as well as its acute proximity to my apartment, will go a long way to satisfy those impulses.  This restaurant is a "must-go" for the vegan, the vegetarian; for those who are mindful of their health, natural and organic ingredients, sustainable food production, and supporting local businesses.  

                What a find! This place is exquisitely friendly, happy and personal. Has a beautiful community feel to it. And the kale-cocoa smoothie is uniquely to die for.  

                I want this place to do well. I ordered the eggs benedict sandwich and it was delicious. The pecan and kale/plum salad was great. My wife and I ordered a pb&j for our daughter and my wife ordered the eggs florentine.  Jules and Jess were great, friendly, warm and attentive. They even had a kid's corner for our wild beast of a child. It was great. We felt totally welcome. Unfortunately their server just wasn't cutting it. She seems very inexperienced and out of sorts, though she was a nice enough person. I think she may need a bit more training in customer service.  I hope they make it and thrive, we need more chill high quality vegan places in Oakland!  

                This was the BEST, most authentic, high quality vegan food I have ever had, hands down!!. The veggies in this dish I had were perfectly cooked as was everything.  Both the owners were so sweet, accommodating, and caring. They went out of their way to make us iced tea when a batch was not available.   They are kind in spirit and super humble as we showered them with complements.   I am defiantly coming back to have another meal, hopefully their brunch.  

                I love this place so much. The portions are great and the food is amazing (my boyfriend jokes that he's never seen me eat as fast as there). The girls are super duper nice too! I would go there more often if I could, hahaha.  

                This place is delicious, friendly, and extremely laid back/comfortable. They have board games and books so you can hangout while you wait for your food. My girlfriend and I decided to order a waffle that came with some fresh blueberries on top as well as Jules' Tofu-sausage-cheese Scramble. Both were super tasty. I'm glad I found this place and I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu.  

                They cater my wedding and did an awesome job with the Menu selection and decor.  great atmosphere for groups and also Kid friendly and pet friendly establishment.   They also support organic and local farms,all menu items are carefully selected and fresh! They also support East-bay local businesses,East Bay communities and the East Bay Art community.   *catering services for special events *fresh baked vegan pastries *fresh Vegan Brunch & dinner.  

                The food is mindblowing.  The prices are reasonable.  The service is great.  The location is convenient.  What more could you ask for?  

                I tried this place out for the first time today with friends.  I am intolerant to soy protein, and they were very accomodating - sometimes hard with an all vegan menu. The florentine was delicious, as was the waffle. They don't offer espresso drinks, but coffee comes in drip and French press varieties.   Atmosphere is refreshingly classy for Fruitvale, and the staff are all really friendly.   This cafe is pretty new, so there were a few quirks (only one menu to pass around to all customers, our three meals came out at different times), but I think they will figure out the kinks in no time. I am glad this place exists in my neighborhood, and will definitely return.  

                Portions are hearty!!! And heart healthy too  Taste is splendid.  This Food has soul and these mommas are cooking it right!  Vegan ice cream ohh my!! And yes they have sundae. Vegan and pure   Non GMO soy!!  Check.   Anti Monsanto flyers...check  International cuisine check!!  Hit this spot up!!   But don't tell ya momma lol  

