                Great quick food for the vegetarian or vegan! Large menu that encompasses many different origins of food from North America, Asia and Europe.   I really enjoyed the quinoa black bean dish as well the steamed kale.  The help was nice and friendly, but didn't have much to say about the menu or the or favorites.  Would love to go back and try it again! Maybe try some new dishes while I'm there too!  

                After 3 visits, it's time for me to weigh in on Veggie Grill.  3 stars is generous but that's my ranking - I would say OK, MEH is unfair, but A-OK is stretching it.    The restaurant itself is modern and clean.  I appreciate that you get real silverware and glassware.  The booths are comfy and generally, the people working here have been friendly and helpful.  The food also arrives pretty quickly after ordering.  The food - oy - the food.  First of all, you can tell from the name that this place focuses on Veggies, but they don't make it obvious that it is vegan until you carefully read the menu.  I love veggies!  I also love meat but I can happily have a meal with no meat.  What I can't stand is fake meat and Veggie grill has plenty of that.  Many menu options are 'chicken' and 'fish' - ha - they are NOT and I don't care how hard you try to convince me - that stuff tastes like crap.  So, I have to scour the menu to be sure I am choosing something that really is a good Veggie selection.  Today, it was the Penne with roasted veggies.  It was ok - the counter guy warned us that it was a cold salad.  He was partially right.  The Penne was still warm so it warmed up the other ingredients.  The roasted veggies included butternut squash, which was so overcooked that it was mush, kale (that was bright & fresh), I think some onions and a few other things that were frankly unidentifiable but tasted ok.  Raisins were thrown in there too.  On another recent visit, I had the Portabello burger and that was fine although the bun disintegrated as I ate.  During that visit my husband had a plate that included rice and Portabello mushroom roasted and meant to fill in as the 'meat'.  That plate was an embarrassment.  The rice was flavorless, and there were like 3 batons of mushroom.   For the price, it was not enough food.  On our other visit, we went for a snack & dessert.  The snack was the fried cauliflower - tastes good but as others have mentioned, a little bit greasy.  The carrot cake was passable but it wasn't hard for this discerning palate to realize that vegan carrot cake just doesn't have the same zing as the real thing.  I'm sure we'll go back on occasion because we live nearby and the convenience factor is in our favor.  But, I doubt I will ever say to myself, ooooooh, I can HARDLY WAIT to go to Veggie Grill.  

                When I saw the "coming soon" sign I thought oh, not another corporate concept chain, but actually the veggie girl is quite good.  The service staff was friendly and helpful, i was a first timer they suggested the Santa fe chicken, it was moist and tender. The food came super fast, and it was nice to eat Cole slaw with a real metal fork instead of plastic, and I could come back just for the slaw.  Best of All, no pressure to get a soda or super size. The place was clean the music was upbeat, I will be back.  

                I'm not a vegetarian and I usually avoid restaurants without meat options unless dragged there by my vegetarian friends, but I've found myself at veggie grill on my own accord!  I haven't sampled much vegetarian cuisine, esp not fake/imitation meats.  the stuff they make here is good. I'm amazed how they make their sauces taste so creamy without dairy. the chickn tastes pretty close to chicken, and even if it doesn't succeed in its emulation, it just tastes good!  service is friendly and cheerful.  atmosphere is clean, contemporary and energetic.  some recommendations:  portabella fritters with red pepper sauce fried chicken sandwich carrot cake strawberry lemonade  

                Veggie Grill chose the quaint little town of Corte Madera for an auspicious start in the North Bay. One walk around the shopping center in which it is located, shows you why. It's similar to where they tend to open up previous Veggie Grills.  We were fortunate to get in on the Yelp Elite event held here a few months ago. That was by far the most food I have ever consumed at a Yelp event. It was heavenly from the staff to the food. We hightailed it back here the first chance we got as there really aren't any other all Vegan restaurants in this area.  They were out of Crispy Portobello's, which deeply disappointed my honey. Somebody in management dropped the ball on that one as other customers behind us were attempting to order it as well.  I ordered the Buffalo Wings as I always do. The side of ranch was bland, nearly flavorless. It's the first time I've had bad ranch from them as it's normally thick, creamy, and full of flavor. The Buffalo strips seemed to be more soggy than usual. Buffalo Wings being my favorite thing on the VG menu, have never underwhelmed me until this visit. Sure, they're never crispy like the that of a wing torn from a chicken, then battered 'n deep fried, but these were not the usual goodness I expect from Veggie Grill.   Aside from those two snafus, our food overall was great as usual. The Carrot Cake, is one of my favorite desserts anywhere. I would love to see more desserts added to the menu. Veggie Grill being a mini-chain, has this fast casual thing nailed down pretty good. I just hope with a lack of competition that they don't choose to phone it in. In order to succeed they need to lure in carnivores or at least those that are not close-minded. In order to do so, they need to operate at their very best, every single day. If I were not as in lust with VG as I already am, or not Vegan, they would not earn my business again based on this visit. Thankfully I know they can do better.  Hopefully the kitchen tightens things up as this fast casual Vegan restaurant is really an asset to the North Bay. I'll certainly be back to rack up more points on the Veggie Grill app, but they are no longer a destination for us. Especially since there is now one open much closer to us in the East Bay.  

                Delicious veggie food. Sort of like if Applebee's was yummier and served only tasty vegan food. And they have portobello fries.  

                I found out today was the opening day and the first 50 people in line got a 50 dollar gift certificate. Arrived about 10 am and still scored! I guess this is not as popular as the new iphone release.... would have had to got there last week.   I tried the BBQ Steak sandwich that came on a wheat bun, caramelized onions, chipotle ranch sauce, coleslaw and a side of chili. My sister had the Crispy Chickin" plate with cauli mashed potatoes and enjoyed it. Chocolate pudding parfait was tasty too.  The portions were good size and plated nicely. The employees answered all our questions.   Can't wait to come back and try more healthy food.  BTW, if you sign up on the website you get a birthday entree. Oh and they have an app for that!  

                Great food.  Amazing really. Of all the vegan restaurants that I have been to across the country this one is up there with the best. Ignore the poor reviews from the sick flesh eaters who will eventually die due to the foods they eat and their own ignorance.  I mean this place is not healthy but it is sure a lot more healthy than a steak or any dairy and a heck of a lot more ethical.  The menu is also rather large. The workers are friendly and helpful.  Not much else to say. It's fastish food. Order your food and then sit down.  

                Have been 3 times and had a good experience each.  I've had the fish tacos and the sonoran bowl (twice)-which I thought was really good.  Not a huge selection of beer, but it is icy cold so that is always a plus.  Clean, pretty quick and efficient service.  I do agree that it is a bit $$$, but I guess it is in Marin...  I am a fan!  

                Not good. Just had lunch (quinoa power salad and Bombay bowl) there and both my husband and I feel sick from all the sauce. :(   Should also note, the quality of ingredients were not good, browning veggies.  

                Come for the Healthy alternatives, stay for the delicious Iced Teas! I will never claim to be the healthiest nut in the bag but this restaurant sure makes me consider changing my diet.  The food is delicious, no animal products and most everything is made is house, including their delicious dairy free ranch dipping sauce, yum! The Ginger Hibiscus tea is amazing, I could of drank the whole display container. I really hope that one of these spots opens up in Santa Rosa, we really need an amazing alternative like this! Great service from the entire staff and I can tell the chef really enjoys his job. Keep up the good work!  

                Wow! There were so many choices that I wanted to order from the menu. The Veggie Grill did not disappoint. We need to return to try more.  We were able to try quite a variety of dishes and all were excellent, although I had my favorites. The crispy mushroom slices with the smokey red sauce and the crispy cauliflower were great. My all time favorite was the Sonoran Winter Bowl which was  quinoa with a variety of vegetables, fruit, beans and nuts and a flavorful tangy seasoning that had me reaching for more.   All the dishes are made from fresh local ingredients. Everything is beautifully presented and tasty. I already love vegetables but  Veggie Grill actually does what they set out to do which is " Have Fun With Vegetables".  

                I agree totally with Lxs S. 's review of 2/24/2105.  Fake meat is a no-no for me.  If you are a vegetarian restaurant, don't have "Chick'in" or "fish" on the menu.  It is deceptive. I HATE fake meat! It is just not tasty. Period.  Why don't you just call it tofu?  Then I would know not to order it. So after sending back the "Chick'in Thai salad", I got the penne and grilled veggies salad, which was totally boring (so much kale I felt like a rabbit).  I have to admit though that the service was kind, and the place pleasant enough. Would I go back? No.  

                Nice to find a strip mall eatery that has more than one vegan item on the menu. Not that I'm 27/7 obsessed with veganism, but it's frustrating, having to look so hard to find healthy food choices. This place has some pretty good options.  I think non-vegans would like this place as well. It's not just plain salads and weird foods you only see at animal rights rallies. The buffalo wings are pretty good. My wife loved the nachos, while I thought they were just OK. Yeah, I'll come back to Veggie Grill.  A little heavy on the jalapeno slices in my Sonoran bowl. Don't know if they were trying to kill me or test my heat tolerance. :)  

                I really enjoyed the portobello fries and the dipping sauces that comes with it.  My husband is a meat lover and very skeptical to try vegetarian food.  But even he enjoyed the "fries" and the winter quinoa bowl, which almost tasted like a taco salad.  The best part of the meal were the drinks! The strawberry lemonade and the hibiscus tea especially.  

                It has been 7 years since I enjoyed the convenience of "fast food". I had my first vegan meal at Veggie Grill this year in Portland, OR and was an instant fan! This restaurant opened recently in Marin and I get a meal every time I come to Marin to buy my birdseed. I have had the Bombay bowl several times and just love it! My husband is a fan of the Sante Fe chickUN sandwich and he loves the side of fries. This trip I ordered the BLTA made with tempeh bacon, avocado & cilantro pesto. It was amazing!The price is great and service friendly and quick. I will continue to eat here as often as I can!  

                We have been waiting and waiting patiently and impatiently for this all VEGAN place to open.  We love the Veggie Grills we've been to in SoCal, San Jose and Mountain View and Portland.  Now we finally have one close by!  I have to start off by giving a shout out to the staff.  It was very busy when we ordered and sat down for lunch around 2 pm on a weekday.  You order at the counter and the food is brought to your table.  The staff was friendly, welcoming and competent.  They answered questions and helped the customers find their drinks, tables and the bathroom.  Reminded of our very first visit to a Veggie Grill in LA a few years ago.  The staff greeted us so warmly and gave us a quick over view of the menu.  Even though it was busy the staff made us feel so welcome. When the staff is great and the food is great you definitely want to return!  They have a wide selection of salads, burgers, sides and combo plates. bowls, sandwiches, desserts, organic teas and lemonades plus locally produced craft beer  and wines.  We three ordered:  Chill Out Wings with BBQ sauce and Chipolte Ranch dressing  BBQ "steak" --veggie steak with BBQ sauce, caramelized onions, chipotle sauce and coleslaw.  Yum!  Crispy "Chicken" Plate---Fried vegan chicken with caulk-mashed potatoes with porcini mushroom gravy with rosemary and steaming kale Yum!  Bombay Bowl--Herb roasted veggies, super grains, steamed kale, cannellini beans, cilantro green curry sauce with coconut milk, almonds, hemp seeds. Yum!  Sweet Potato Fries Yum!  Onion rings Yum! Crunchy but not super crunchy.  The servings are big enough but not enormous.  The servings are plenty enough to fill you up.  I had a pomegranate iced tea and mixed in a little strawberry lemonade.  The drinks are self serve so you can customize the ice teas and lemonades. You can serve yourself water with whatever amount of ice you like.  They offer Gluten, soy, and nut-free options. They also inform you that all of their  food may have one in contact in the preparation in areas containing gluten, soy and nuts.  We've ordered many of the menu items at their MV and SJ locations. Can't wait to continue trying out new items.  

                I'm happy to have this place in town. It's fast, tasty and classy. The menu is confusing for first timers because it doesn't say up front it's 100% vegan. On the back is the declaration of ingredients being used.  

                I tried this place first in LA, thinking I just ate the BEST vegan fried "chicken" sandwich ever. Then they opened up a location in the south bay at Santana Row, which made me even more excited that I could enjoy it whenever I wanted.  Now upon finding Veggie Grill opened a brand new location in the North Bay (not far from where I've started pet sitting) both my hubby and I were excited to go in and try it again. We've dined here twice since and both times went with our fav. the Santa Fe "chicken" sandwich, although, for some reason this location doesn't put enough of the spicy mayo so the 2nd time we ordered extra on the side. It comes on a whole wheat long bun with some guacamole on top. Included are your choice of cole slaw or fries. The fries with their old bay seasoning are delicious as is the kale side dish they serve, albeit, a little price to upgrade.   They also serve organic iced tea's and lemonades. And FYI, to the person who made the ignorant comment about them not advertising being GMO free or organic, they DO advertise that on their website and I don't know how ANYONE can compare the food to McDonalds, which serves up unknown and questionable meat. Please don't mistake Veggie Grill for being a calorie friendly option if you are watching what you eat but rather consider them a healthier real food option for those seeking meat free, GMO free and organic options for those times you just feel like you wanted a little something more than a salad but not quite a burger.  Having said that, I am not a Vegan or strict Vegetarian (although, I rarely eat meat) I feel that anyone can find something they will enjoy here, not to mention they have great service and the food is made to order!  

                Marin has arrived!!! We finally have an all vegan/plant based restaurant!!! Veggie Grill is part of a growing collection of spots throughout California and, my guess, everywhere soon. Well located in Town Center at Corte Madera, just off Hwy. 101. We've had our eyes on the construction for months and were fortunate to get an invitation to a pre-opening event this evening. NOT a VIP thing, btw, very Democratic and everyone who showed interest was invited. Judging by the other guests who we talked to, not everyone was vegan and they were loving their meals, including a group of hunks from the Corte Madera Fire Department.  The place is beautiful, immediately friendly and cozy with nothing BUT places to sit in more intimate spaces than you might expect, indoor and outside. Staff (they prefer Team) was "on" but, having been to other VG's, this is just the way they roll. They must have a very skilled trainer. When was the last time you were in any restaurant where the crew anticipated your needs?  Food is comforting, satisfying and will no doubt have it's share of detractors who just can't stand the very notion of a vegan restaurant, much less the food. Sorry, as a vegan, I can't wait to come back and we are thrilled to have it in the neighborhood. No longer having to drive to Source or Herbivore in the city, VG in Corte Madera is a scant 10 minutes from where we live in Mill Valley. This is fresh, clean, well prepared, tasty and inventive food, from an enormous menu of salads, appys, sides, entrees and other goodies.  Our group of four ordered a LOT of items, including their seasoned, char grilled "Street" corn on the cob (with the husks neatly tied back),  mac-and-chez (we had a slight variation based on suggestion from the amazing regional manager, Amir, with pickled jalapeños and chipotle bread crumbs - "off menu"), Santa Fe Crispy Chickin, Grillin' Chickin' and BBQ "Steak" sandwiches, each of which came with sides, mentioned above plus great fries, another standout was the "Crab Cake" that actually tasted like a sea-breeze with homemade tartar sauce and a great, crisp cole slaw. We were really thrilled! They make the "Crap Cake" as tacos too. They looked great.  Starting Monday, when they officially open, there will be desserts including carrot cake, chocolate pudding parfait and house made cookies.    This place is going to do very, very well. The Veggie Grill people know their market and Marin is perfect!! Oh yeah, and THERE'S TONS OF FREE PARKING!!!!  

                My son is a pescatarian; however, DH and I eat red meat and chicken.  This makes meal planning difficult, at times.  We were happy when Veggie Grill opened up because we wanted more affordable family restaurant options.  Despite our excitement over a new restaurant, I truly did not expect very much from this place.  I am glad to say that the food at Veggie Grill was better than I expected and this place has proved to be an overall good restaurant.  Thus far, we have tried the asparagus soup, the grilled corn, the "fish" tacos, the grilled portobello skewers plate, Santa Fe Crispy Chickin sandwich, Buffalo Bomber sandwich, onion rings, french fries, and carrot cake.  Yes - we have been here a lot since this place opened.  That is because every single one of the dishes we have eaten has been tasty and satisfying.  My favorite dish is the fish tacos plate, my son and DH love the Buffalo Bomber.  This is a great place with decent prices.  

                Just ok. Kinda like a veggie version of airplane food (back when they actually served in-flight meals to us coach folks). Very blah. I had a dish of veggie sausages slathered with some sort of veggie gravie. There was some other stuff in it but hard to figure it out with that gravy glopped all over. There might have been some flavor in the veggies but hard to tell with the flavor-reducing gravy stuff. The fake sausage were also flavorless except for a faint taste of sweet fake smoke flavoring. Price for this medium size dish was $11. Pretty stiff for fast food that leaves you a little hungry. Plus side: the place is very clean and staff seem friendly.  

                This review is long overdue. I've been to Veggie Grill around 5-6 times now, and I profoundly enjoyed their offerings.  I particularly enjoyed the fried cauliflower, "chicken" sandwich and "crab cakes" on a bed of kale.  Everything I tried there is super delicious.  The decor is modern and the service is very friendly.  What's not to like!  Check it out, chances are you won't be disappointed!  

                Disclaimer- I am not a vegan- but I do like to eat healthy. Having said that, i ordered the power salad with quinoa, and it was massive! I think next time I'll share or ask for dressing on the side so I can eat my leftovers for lunch the next day. The salad was nice, but I wished it had a bit more mint. Their menu in general seemed to be lacking in the spice department for me, but maybe that will change.   The staff is very friendly and eager to assist you. After ordering at the counter they came around to make sure we had everything we needed. I'll definitely add this to the North bay rotation.  

                A waste of time and money, the best thing I had was my beer! Greasy and flavors are off but then again I am a little biased cause I never have a good experience at any vegetarian restaurants...  

                I was pleasantly surprised with my first visit to Veggie Grill in Corte Madera. Some told me it was vegetarian fast food. While the food is quickly served, it is anything but "fast food." The Grill offers a wide variety of vegan vegetarian options. Choices range from salads to sandwiches to burgers to pasta. They also have great specialties such as the fried portobello mushrooms served with a vegan ranch dipping sauce. Delcious and a much healthier alternative to fries or onion rings. While they are fried, it is only lightly friend.   I also had my first Vietnamese sandwich. All I can say is WOW. So delicious. I would return just to have that sandwich again. Flavorful and unique.   They also have a great drink section and even serve alcoholic drinks such as beers and wine. Great options for a real dinner.   I didn't get to try the veggie burger options but will do so on my next visit. The menu pics looked fantastic.   Overall, this spot offers wonderful vegan food and  great variety. In addition, they have helpful and attentive staff. I can't wait to return!  Note: this can also be a great spot while shopping or even as a pit stop on your way into or out of the city.  

                I'm betting that I'll be in here more after that great Yelp Elite Event.  Prognosis:  most likely!  You can have great vegan food that tastes even better than the real thing.  And while some of the foods are a little guilty (fried veggies for example), it's a lot higher on the health bar than most eateries.  The menu is fun and they rotate things depending on the season.  Most of the food is locally sourced.  Good beverages like ice tea and lemonade.  The dessert I had last time, carrot cake, was amazing.  And that's right folks, they use a lot of vegetables.  They don't use dairy which is amazing, too.  Pea, wheat, and soy proteins are a common ingredient in their identical-tasting to the real thing meats.  I was hooked the first time I went.  

                I am definitely not a Vegan.. But had a yelp party here... The food that was served was good.. we tried the new quinoa santa fe style bowl - which was flavorful. The portobello crispy fries are devine.. I was so impressed with the food that we received that I came back to try more. I was told the buffalo "chicken" sandwich was good... Now probably shame on me for getting the fake meat dish when you eat meat... Unfortunately this sandwich was the worst. It literally made me nauseous. Never Again. I will only stick to veggie bowls and the portobello mushroom's.  

                All plant based and didn't know this was possible. The only thing is the tables need to be cleared faster, more feet on the floor to keep it going. It gets packed. This is comfort food, try the fried chicken with mash potatoes and greens. Like the carrot cake, the BLT with french fries and nachos.  

                What a great place! I'm not sure what the veggie chicken sandwich is made of but I tell you thought it was chicken. Highly recommend it!  

                I too, am not a Vegan but enjoy eating healthy... Most of the time. In fact, one of my prego cravings during lunchtime is vegan/vegetarian food. Tried out veggie grill a few days after they opened. I ordered their Sante Fe chicken sandwich and cauliflower bites. The SF chicken sandwich was delicious, taste just like chicken. Wait time for the food took quite awhile but understandable because they just opened. Loved the cauliflower bites as well. Good alternative rather than eating French fries. Came back again the following week and tried something different. This time I ordered online and got the Bombay bowl. Good taste on the green curry, grilled veggies were nice. I'd probably order that bowl again. The only sucky thing about veggie grill is the parking especially during lunchtime. Can't wait to try the other items on the menu.  

                I could be a vegan after eating here! Their portobello fries are sooooo good and the banh mi sandwich is delicious, Im getting cravings while typing this. Veggie grill has a nice casual atmosphere and they also serve beer and wine. I have some vegan/vegetarian friends and this type of place makes going out for food with them easy. Definitely plan on coming back and recommend this place to everyone.  

                As a new vegetarian, I find this place amazing.  They have the best veggie crab cake sandwich, and the fried cauliflower..mmmm...portions are a bit small but still filling..this is a veggie lovers diner.  

                Wasn't sure what to expect with all the faux meat, but was surprisingly pleased after eating here. We split the Buffalo chicken sandwich and the Fried chicken sandwich (with sweet potato fries). Both were really good, hard to say which was better, but maybe the buffalo. The fries were good too, and plentiful. Just wish they had some coca cola, but the root beer sufficed :)  

                I had been to Veggie Grill one time before and thought it was pretty good. So I thought  I would check them out again today. I was so disappointed. I ordered the savory kale salad, the cashier recommended it, only to get back home and find out I just paid over $10 for THE SMALLEST SALAD EVER! I had to go back out and get something else. Not very happy. The flavor was ok. Not the best salad I have ever tasted, but defiantly not worth what I paid for it.  

                It's okay.  

                For a place that opened only 5 weeks ago (as of this writing), it wasn't bad but could use improvement. I ordered a salad. It was a little over the top on some ingredients and not enough of the others - in other words, they still need to find a balance.  I did have something unusual happen. In the salad that I ordered, there are large grilled peaches. They were good but when I flipped my fork, I noticed that the peach still had the agriculture sticker on it. I flipped another and it was the same. I notified the wait staff and they quickly apologized and offered to remedy the situation which they did. The service was excellent.  The interior is very nice with great views + you could sit on the lawn outside which some people were doing. I will go back as the pricing is reasonable and what they offer is unique. Next time I will try one of their sandwiches.  

                Food is bomb, but they forgot parts of our (chili and omitting onion). It was a take out order so I couldn't do anything about it. Usually I wouldn't care about something like "leaving onions on" but if we pay for something like chili it's really not cool that it was left out. Other than spacey employees, it's great, but I dont like paying for things I don't get. (OObviously)  

                Having tried this place in Portland a year or so ago, I was happy to see them open up in my neck of the woods.  I think we come here once a week for lunch and I typically get their chicken/avo sandwich with fries and I'm never disappointed. My wife always gets the Bombay Bowl and it too is good. So much so she's had multiple people ask her what it is while they're in line ordering.  Can get loud and busy from time to time but given the location, that's not to be expected when you don't want to spend $15 and 15 minutes waiting for a salad at Blue Barn.  

                Tried the crispy portobellos! Very good! Prefer the ranch over red pepper tho. The girl that helped me was De Ana. She let me sample the soup. Gave me suggestions. Gave me options and just was all around incredible! Absolutely the best service I've ever had in Marin. Give the girl a raise!  

