                while eating...my boyfriend and I said we'd come again...the only thing deterring us is the price...  The tacos, although they look great in photos, seem a bit unbalanced in flavor.  I love tangy/vinegary sauce, but the cabbage was a bit too much of it.  And it'd be nice to eat a taco without it falling apart on you.  We LOVED the chicken skewers with jicama salad and peanut sauce.  That was our favorite dish.  The mussels were SUPER generous, the broth was flavorful wtihout being over salted, the bread served with it was divine...warm, not burnt to death, and crunchy on the outside and soft in the inside.  The red sangria was nice.  had lots of chopped apples and oranges.    Happy Belly.  =)  It wasn't that busy on a weekday evening.  Reservations not required.  But all parties there seemed to be enjoying their food.  Love how it's not too loud and it's perfectly lit, not too dark, not too light.  

                I definitely am a fan! And it's a travesty that they happen to be located on the less happening end of 4th St, in downtown San Rafael.  The habanero glazed grilled chicken wings came flying in with a whiff of the habanero kick in the air as the aroma hits your olfactory glands. Thankfully (for most, at least), the kick was more bark than bite. The essence of habanero was very much present in the sauce but thankfully didn't serve to light a fire in your mouth. The plump wings were nicely grilled with a good char, yet juicy.   Next up was the Cajun shrimp in a buttery creamy sauce. This was the mildest dish I've had thus far. The aroma, essence of herbs, and the creaminess of the sauce were all there but it seemed like it could have used a little more salt to "embolden" the flavours and really put on a show, so to speak. I did go a little crazy soaking up that creamy sauce with the complimentary bread.  The Jamaican jerk chicken was fantastic! It was a very generous plate of two juicy (probably) grilled chicken thighs in the delicious jerk sauce with a side of herbed rice and a side of black beans. The sauce was bold and was a great match for the chicken. The rice was delicious with the olives adding a new dimension to it.  Lastly, the Zarzuella was fantastic. It is akin to a cioppino (or a bouillabaisse) served on a bed of rice. The tomato broth was bright and the mussels, calamari, white fish fillets, and shrimp each played their part to perfection, not the least bit because they seemed very fresh. A squeeze of the accompanying lemon raises the dish even higher.  All in all, you can't go wrong here with Whipper Snapper's menu!  $67 + tips for a dinner for two (including an appetizer each).  

                On a craigslist mission, needed to stop for fuel, thought we would try this place.  Not to many people in here on a week night so we were seated immediately.   Based on yelp tips tried the cigars and fish tacos.  The fish was actually cooked perfectly and well flavored.   As for the rest of it,  just ok.  Disappointed in the cigars as the beef was mushy.  Overall the food was ok.  The service was pretty slow as there was only one wait staff.  I found this place to be a bit on the pricey side based on the quality and plate size.  Street parking was easy to find.  

                With its orange and blue color scheme, craftily eclectic wall art, and menu which pulls from many origins, Whipper Snapper is a Putamayo World Music CD come to life.  It seems a very personal statement, not highly sophisticated, but from the heart.  Like a place you would come across on your travels and decide, impromptu, to dine at even though (as was the case here) the chalkboard tapas menu out front misspelled "mussels".    Inside, at the "bar" during happy hour (Tuesday - Friday 5 - 6 p.m.), you can experience the best deal that Whipper Snapper has to offer: a handful of tapas priced at a ridiculously reasonable $3 each.  I had them all:  *  Petite fish tacos vibrantly adorned with fresh cabbage, avocado, onion, and cilantro;  *  Organic fingerling potatoes served in a small crock with a large dollop of chili pasilla aioli;     *  Fried sweet plantains topped with a perfectly apt swirl of sour cream; and (saving the best for last)  *  Grilled chicken wings in a habanero chili glaze which caused one person at my table to remark that "these are the best chicken wings I've ever had".  I seconded this opinion; another round was ordered up and devoured.      My party of three supplemented the happy hour offerings with the regular, full-priced menu fare which caused my son to remark that Whipper Snapper is "pricey".  I'll admit, I thought the same thing for a weeknight meal (tapas $8 - $14, entrees $15 - $21) and was happy to have dollar cost averaged our dinner by interspersing it with the happy hour fare.  Fried Calamari ($11), Bill's Zarzuela ($21, a tomato-based melange of shrimp, calamari, mussels, and seasonal fish over rice), a Passion Fruit Mousse ($8), beer ($6), and sangria ($5) finished us off.    A very nice meal can be enjoyed here, from the creative menu which defies origin and samples widely from many countries.  It could probably best be understood by meeting the friendly owner, Bill, a former Executive Chef at San Francisco's Cha Cha Cha.  Bill's vision is in play here, influenced by his past experience, his heart, and his suburban location.  Even if every item sampled didn't wow me, I like that there's a little slice of Cha Cha Cha here in suburbia.   Even more though, I liked how Bill's welcome energy greeted us and how he continued to engage with us throughout our meal.  He seemed tickled that we were finally getting around to trying his place (Whipper Snapper has been open 6+ years) and that spirit elevated my enjoyment.    Whipper Snapper is unique in its offerings and chances of a return visit, even if only for more chicken wings, are running very high.  

                Whipper Snapper is like a dive bar trying to reinvent itself as a higher-end restaurant, and failing miserably, a recovering alcoholic teaching yoga.    For $20 each, my wife an I had the jerk chicken dish, which was an ocean of un-soaked and undercooked black beans with way too much chipotle pepper, and the chicken had to be excavated from this smoky slog.    The man in the chef position was trying too hard: the "Spanish" rice had way too much in it, olives clashing with cilantro clashing with coconut, like a group of mismatched houses in the Day of the Locust.  The décor was like the rice, very Day of the Locust.  They apparently scored some booths from another restaurant going out of business, and the brown clashed with the staple-on flowery tablecloths.  They need a visit from that buff English guy on TV that comes and redoes people's restaurants.    This would all be okay if a meal for two wasn't $100.  Their $9 pour of sauvignon blanc was not even half a glass.   One eats out, because if one feels like a bag of wilted lettuce from Safeway, one can do that.  The Cesar salad was $9 and brown and wilted.  The wait staff forgot a water and a spoon, and then brought the chicken out right as we were in the middle of our salad and appetizer.   Time for a staff retreat, or some focus groups.  

                The West End of San Rafael is blessed with a bunch of different, great restaurants - and the Whipper Snapper is no exception.  This place stands out with a colorful, inviting vibe that you can notice even when you are just driving by on Fourth Street.    They were nice enough to accommodate our large party the other night even though it didn't seem to be like there would be enough room in the dining room.  Turns out - it worked out just fine.  The plus side to being in a large party is that a bunch of things were ordered and shared - so I got to try out a bunch of things I may have not had the chance of ordering.  My favorites:  "Cuban Cigars" - Spring Rolls with Organic Beef & Chipotle Ketchup on the side. BBQ Chicken Quesadillas - none of the girls really seemed to want to order them, but the guys won out and we were more than satisfied with this one.  Ceasar Salad & Fried Calamari were awesome too.  Everyone loved the fried potatoes - what's not to like about that.  A couple of pitchers of Red Sangria went down pretty quick.  The white sangria - ordered by one - was never finished & to her and I came off too sweet.  (Order it if you don't mind sweet!).  The minus side to going with such a large group was that we weren't going to order any entrees - just small plates to share.  Fine for that night.  But what I really wanted to try was the Spicy Jamacian Jerk Chicken with Spanish Rice and Black Beans.  I hear they have a nice outdoor back patio.  So there -  I've planted this in my mind as a place I want to visit for a couple of reasons sometime in the near future!  

                Came here on a Giants game night because I wanted to watch the game and grab a bite to eat. They have a small bar, with a TV so hey I decided to give it a shot. The restaurant was completely empty, as in, I was the only one in there with my husband. The prices were slightly steep I thought. The shrimp dish was delicious, although the bread with it was as hard as a rock. I had to keep it in the shrimp sauce to make it edible. The grown up mac and cheese was also good.  It says the restaurant is known for its sangrias, so I gave it a shot. It was served in a small whiskey glass. The fruit in it seemed off, and the taste was meh.. I wouldnt order it again.   Overall...this place is a C+. It's not horrible, but its not might blowing either.  

                I've been in a few times and the vibe is great!  The atmosphere is colorful and lively and I enjoy the innovative Caribbean dishes that Bill dreams up!  Bill is a super nice guy too, go in and say hello!  You can't go wrong with the fish tacos or "Bill's Zarzuella."  

                Headed there the other night with wifey and some friends. The tapas were decent, potatoes amazing, the mac and cheese was inhaled by one person who looked not the least bit guilty when he was reminded that was supposed to be for all of us.  Sangria is decent - not great, but decent.   Then I made the mistake of ordering the steak. Which was seriously overcooked (I ordered it RARE!) and had an enormous ball of what I assumed was the anchovy butter that sort of resembled poo, which quickly melted and made everything taste greasy and salty.  Been here a few times, and have always had a reasonably decent meal. Nothing to rave about, but never bad. If the place was a car, it'd be a beige Toyota Camry.  

                I love this place. Bill the owner and chef is thoroughly competent and what he does which is always a quality product comes out of the kitchen every time. They do a great sangria there which is a low alcohol alternative to being able to have plenty of beverage during your meal. The theme is Caribbean and the decor is a wonderful Caribbean look to it. One of the nice things during good weather you can sit on the patio out back under heat lamps if they're needed. The menu inside has items on there that you won't find other restaurants which makes it fun and unique to eat at this place. I enjoyed our appetizers as well like the Cuban cigars and the calamari. I highly recommend this place the food is amazing.  

                I recommend this restaurant to many people, and I am always surprised at how few people have even heard of it. Perhaps it is their location, which really doesn't receive a lot of foot traffic. or maybe it's just because the name is sort of stupid. In any case, the food is fresh and amazing. You can definitely tell that the menu and recipes have been perfected by a chef who knows wtf he's doing. Evening prices can be a little expensive, and you can certainly find cheaper places to eat lunch in the area, but you really get what you pay for here. I eat here about once a week, and consider it a treat. if you are a foodie, definitely check this place out. Try the fish tacos, which are phenomenal.  

                Just had an incredible meal at Whipper Snapper. I don't know why I never found this place. One of the best dinners out in a long time.   The staff is friendly and attentive. When our server was busy, the other server came by to take our order. I've never had that happen before. I love the decor. It's casual, fun, colorful and the art work is fantastic.   I started with butternut squash soup, which is probably my favorite soup. This was the best I've ever had! Then I had the pork loin which was delicious!  My husband had the mixed seafood and he loved it  The flavors are unique and oh, so good. We had plantains for dessert and they were yummy!  I can't wait to go back!  

                This place hits the spot and then some!  Love the food. Love the staff.  Whipper Snapper is a wonderful spot for a flavorful and refreshing meal.   I had the special cold avocado soup which was both spicy and refreshing, with a perfect consistency.   The guac is very well seasoned and fresh, didn't seem like it was made in bulk at all, I really love that.   I cannot recommend the ceviche enough. It's a generous portion with a white fish (cod?), scallops, and shrimp.  Perfect after a warm day of hiking and wine tasting.   I wish there were more places like this in the city but I certainly will make the 35 minute trip to eat here again. I'm looking forward to trying the rest of the menu.  

                So I've been looking forward to trying this place since I got a groupon offer last month. I finally got a chance to go yesterday with my good friend. We went around 1 in the afternoon and it wasn't crowded at all. Our waitress was very nice and gave us her food recommendations. I started off with a glass of the red sangria, really good and very fruity! We then ordered a bunch of tapas, the Cajun shrimp, the grown up Mac and cheese from the specials menu, the mango chicken wings and the ceviche.   The chicken wings were so tasty!! They came with about 8 and had a delicious, tangy sauce with a nice sweetness. Next the ceviche came out served with chips. The fish and shrimp inside were very fresh. The ceviche was flavorful but I do wish it had a little more of a kick to it since I normally like spicy food.  The Mac and cheese was really yummy! Cheesy and rich! My friend thought it was a little heavy but i loved it! Lastly, the Cajun shrimp which was by far my favorite. The shrimp were big and filling. However it's the sauce that the shrimp were in that stole the show! First it's made with one of those sauces that literally make you want to lick the bowl! The sauce was creamy and had this great spicy kick to it that kind of snuck up on you. The waitress was so nice she brought us a lot of extra bread for dipping!  All in all I thought this place was great. It reminds me a lot of Cha Cha Cha in the city. (Another great place to try if you like tapas) The portions were a good size. My friend and I were stuffed after 4 plates. It was a little pricey but with the Groupon most of our meal was covered! Great place I would definitely go again! Sol food down the street is also another good place to try if in your in San Rafael!  

                Amazeballs!   So this morning at 6:57am I was stalking Johnny Donuts (pretty much next door) so i could surprise and delight my unsuspecting colleagues with little fluffy bits of fried sugar heaven. To my horror, the cronuts were not ready at 7, so I took a walk around the neighborhood. I walked past Whipper Snapper, looked at the menu and was curious, so I Yelped it. The great reviews and pictures had me thinking I'd come back soon to try it.   Well. Then the Friday from hell happened. It included attorneys. That's all I need to say (luckily, they were working for me, not against me).   After a 10+ day at work I knew the last thing I wanted to do was cook, so I rolled over to WS and was greeted by the darling Maureen. I took a look at the patio and it was adorable but filled with small humans, so I opted for window seat instead and ordered a Cesar and the shrimp.   The Cesar was the best I've had in years - garlicky,cheesy, crunchy, with a little bite to it.   And then there was the shrimp. Lord, the shrimp. All the saints in heaven, the shrimp. It comes in a little cast iron pan full of the most delicious creamy sauce and has a real kick to it. I thought I'd inhale it and be left wanting but due to what was probably an entire baguette's worth of bread that i dipped in it, I actually had a little bit left over. You don't think I'd leave that behind, do you? You know better than that.   The sunny Maureen wrapped it all up and sent me home refreshed and restored.   Go. Eat. Eat More. Tip. A lot. Repeat.  

                Just had dinner for the first time here and it was delicious!! The staff as well as owner was very friendly and genuine. I will be coming back again!  

                Warm spinach salad is the best in the Bay. I'm a little embarrassed by how much I order it.   Staff is upper friendly so it makes my spinach salad addiction that much easier....  

                Some of the best Wings I've had. Chill glazing, sweet and tangy. Yum! Lovely food, tasteful modern art decor with a west indian and latin vibe. Nice!  

                Second time here & I have no complaints!  Their decor is awesome! The staff is great and always happy to help. & most importantly their food is amazing!  I recommend: (forgive me I don't know the correct name of the dishes)  -the shrimp dish with spicy cream sauce, it comes with rice or bread, get the bread! The sauce is amazing & trust me you won't want to leave any to spare!  -ceviche is delicious!! Super fresh, you won't be disappointed!  -brussel sprouts were good, not they didn't "wow" me -chicken wings are also pretty good, I enjoyed the tangy sauce.  

                Fantastic fish tacos, artful ambience, service is spotty.  I've happily driven up here from Mill Valley for years because the experience is that enjoyable but the last time we were here for a friend's birthday, we were seated in the patio and forgotten. After the meal was eaten (at our first opportunity!) we mentioned an appetizer that we hadn't received and the server brought it then and still charged us!  I hope she's since found a line of work more suited to her and Whipper Snapper's diners get better service.  

                I"m embarrassed that I just found this restaurant. ***Order the Passion Fruit Mouse desert*****  Recently had a friend visit from the South Bay.  They knew I had a thing for bread pudding and they found this restaurant for me.  Very last minute party of 6 was organized planned to eat there.  Called and talked with Bill? seeing if they could accommodate a friday night party of 6 at around 730ish or so.  No problem!  Half the party of our group is from Marin and none of us had heard of this place, had no idea on 4th street where it was.  Discovered it was on the Miracle Mile end of 4th next to the old Pint Size. Restaurant was full when we arrived and the waitress was putting together a round table for us next to the entrance.  Normally we all despite the tables at the entrances, the draftiness and people constance walking behind everyone during a meal.  We had asked the waitress to move us to tables that were clearing out and we told them that we did not mind the wait for them to set up for us.  Surprisingly the table that we were originally set at worked out perfectly.  No idea if it was the decor, the staff, the company, the food.  we stayed at the center table at the entrance and it was a non issue.  Calamari and cigar apps were delicious.  Spicy shrimp not spicy at all.  The entire table shared and we finished the non spicy shrimp app.  Made a small comment to waitress about the spiciness of shrimp and she immediately ordered us up a new batch!  That alone went above and beyond our expectations.  Second batch of spicy shrimp was better, but not super spicy. Fish tacos, Ahi tuna, and jerk chicken entrees were all delicious.  My favs were the ahi tuna and jerk chicken. We came for the bread pudding, but the surprise was the passion fruit mouse desert!  Its was so unassuming and can be easily overlooked on the menu.  It is the perfect desert for the meal.  Yes the bread pudding was killer, but the Passion Fruit Mouse was so fragrant, palate cleansing and flavorful.    One cannot go wrong with this restaurant.  I look forward to trying this place again soon!    Pros Passion Fruit Mouse Lots of easy street parking nicest staff ever, including the chef generous portions of delicious food outdoor patio for the warmer months sangria!!!!! size of restaurant is perfect to hold a conversation or enjoy a large party really reasonably priced. party of 6 our bill was about 250 and that included pitcher of sangria and alcoholic drinks  cons no valet.    LOL, I had to list something  

                Whipper Snapper remains consistently excellent. Very fresh, excellent chef and menu.  There are honestly only a few good places to eat in San Rafael, this one is at the top of the list.   Trust me, it's worth a try....  

                The staff here us so friendly! This is the 2nd time I've been here and love dining in the patio area in the back. The Verdejo white wine they offer is just perfect and easy to sip and enjoy. The 1st time here I had the jerk chicken and this time I had the wings and Cesar salad. Everything is just so yummy. This has become the go to place for a friend and I. Thanks to yelp for introducing this place to us!  

                We eat here, by our standards, frequently (twice or thrice a year). The spinach salads and quesidillas are our favorites. Our friends had the fish taco and steak. All were done to perfection and washed down with excellent sangria. This is the place to go to in San Rafael for friendly casual dining. The is outside dining available.  Free parking on the side streets.  

                Coming from a long and tiring hike up (and unfortunately down) Cataract Falls, my hiking partner and I were in the mood for something different. As we were searching through the yelp pages, I noticed that a lot of people from our school had checked in and had an amazing time. I personally hadn't much experience with Cajun food, but my friend assured me it was good.   As we got there we were greeted by a warm smile, and live music. We were offered the option of indoor or outdoor seating. Although there was indoor seating we opted for the outdoor patio because it was a little bit stuffy and the acoustics were pretty loud inside.  It didn't take us long to figure out what we wanted. I ordered their fish tacos and my friend ordered the spicy Cajun  shrimp. Of course we couldn't pass up on the sangria. Although it can be a bit pricey, it was delicious and got the job done nonetheless.   To say my fish tacos were delicious would be an understatement! Of my top favorite dishes, fish tacos are way up on the list. And these guys do not dissappoint. Although they did pile up a tad bit too much of the shredded lettuce, it was nothing considering I could just move it to the side.  I was also lucky enough to steal some shrimp off of my friend's plate. The shrimp was good, but I honestly thought it was the sauce that did the trick for me.   I for one was extremely happy with the food and the service. Will most defiantly come back when in the area.  

                I try to dine at a restaurant at least twice before I make a judgement. Well I've eaten here twice and I've come to the conclusion that I LOVE this place.   The decor and atmosphere is fun and vibrant with a Latin flair. The service is friendly and accommodating. I tried this place with my Mom to see if we thought my Dad would like it as he is very picky and doesn't like to try new things . Well we brought him last night and he was so pleased he felt the need to make his way back to the kitchen TWICE to give his compliments to the chef/owner.   Our favorite tapas include the Spicy Cajun Shrimp, Cigar Rolls, and as many Yelpers have recommended: GET THE WINGS!! The sauce is heavenly and the meat falls right off the bone. Oh, and the fish tacos are fresh and delicious!  Bring your friends and order a pitcher of sangria... You won't regret it!  

                Food and service above and beyond expectations. Great menu, fish tacos were some of the best I've ever had.   Authentic California cuisine. Friend of mine has had every item on the menu more than once and still can't make up his mind as to which is the best.  

                This is truly a great restaurant - from the welcoming host/chef Bill, to the marvelous food.  It's a great experience and one we hope to have again the next time we are in the area.  The food is something you really need to try again and again - there is a great menu and you can't go wrong.  The apricot sauce with pork is sensational and the sliders are so savory you don't want them to disappear.  Go there!!!  And don't forget the butternut squash soup which is better than Wolfgang Puck's!  

                Fish tacos are out of this world.  Great colorful ambience and attentive service.  I would not order the cuban cigars again but the vegetable tostadas were great.  I never realized goat cheese and guacamole could pair so well.  

                Have you seen their back patio in a sunny afternoon or a warm night? It's the place to be! Sipping on delicious white wine sangria, surrounded by beautiful art and delicious food. Their fish tacos are amazing, the Cajun shrimp, the special pork shoulder dish. Hard to pick only one dish! It's great for big groups with the tapas style dinner.   Oh, and yes! They have live music on Fridays and Saturdays which is awesome and makes atmosphere even greater! Plus service is friendly and Bill, the owner, is so fun to talk to!  He is so passionate  about his restaurant and good.   Romantic dinners, groups hang outs or just drinks and live music, this restaurant has it all.  

                We really liked it.  Tasted their gazpacho at the San Rafael Food and Wine Festival and decided we needed to drop in the next day for lunch.  It is not cheap.  We had a 1/2 pitcher of the white sangria, the plantains, the gazpacho, fish tacos, and the bread pudding.  I think with tip it was about $60.00.  Loved the artwork, loved our waitress.  They were not busy at all, so everything came out quick and piping hot.  Enjoyed their little backyard patio.  We thought the flavors and atmosphere were just right.  Portion size was good, we took the pudding and the plantains as leftovers.  Would return.  

                1st time here w/ a GROUPON & wouldn't have known about this place w/out it.   It was one of the hottest day in the Bay Area so it was nice that they had a back patio seating area for it was too stuffy inside the restaurant around 7pm.  We ordered a few dishes based on our preferences & popular dishes others recommended on yelp.   We had ordered a 1/2 pitcher of the white sangria w/ 1/2 pitcher full of fresh fruits in it which we nibbled away afterward, it was ok for I had better.  We started off w/ the crispy fried calamari in a nice light batter.  2nd dish was the spicy Cajun shrimps that was delicious w/ a side of Jasmine Rice (;-( $4 for a tiny plate of rice the side of a small bowl).  The shrimps was cooked just right and sauce was delicious w/ a slight kick of spiciness.  I mixed the sauces from the shrimps dish w/ that from the fried calamari dish together & that was so much better for the fried calamari dip now as well on the taco fish to come later.  3rd dish was the fish taco, that was delicious w/ a BBQ grilled white fish w/ a nice tangy salsa & a nice bed of marinated cabbages and avocado on top.  We also ordered a house special seafood paella but we were so full that we didn't want to overstuffed ourselves.  We ate the mussels from it for we knew that they wouldn't taste good reheating and they didn't taste as fresh.  We ended up packing it to go.  I can't write a review for the paella for I have yet to try it.  They have a passion fruit moose for dessert that sound delish that we want to try so we got that to go and glad that we did.  It was delicious w/ the smooth passion fruit flavor.  The three of us had enjoyed the food here, & glad that we got to try the place.  The only con is that this place is too pricey for what we got.  

                If you have not tried this little gem you're missing out.  It was slightly off putting to start that they were out of so many wines and menu choices, but once we ordered we were very pleased.  Started with the Cuban cigars. Yummy and different.  The fried plantains with puréed black beans and a cream drizzle were the best plantains I think I've ever had and I order them at every opportunity.  The calamari was a tad over cooked and the dipping sauce not interesting.  The chicken skewers again were slightly overlooked but the incredible freshness if the jicama salad and the insanely delicious peanut sauce compensated.  The fish tacos were real stars.  Service warm friendly and accommodating.  Nice art .  

                Whipper Snapper is still very good, and above all, at an affordable price. I really appreciate getting great service, good food, a warm and casual inviting environment. Marin is still lacking in all of the aforementioned, SORELY.   I had dinner with some cousins that had never been before, just last Saturday. Everything was great, from the perfectly cooked Calamari Fritti, to my chicken skewers. No complaints from anyone else at the table, only smiles and chewing!  Added benefit: tons of stuff my 12 year old will eat. SCORE!  We will be back, again and again.  

                I live right around the corner from this place. But for almost the first full year of my time in San Rafael, I never went in. Oh sure, I was curious about an eatery so close to home... but I was scared off? Offended? by the font of the restaurant signage. How very San Francisco of me. And hey, if you've seen it, and never been in, you probably know exactly what I mean.  But if you can make it past the signage, what you get is a solidly fantastic place to eat and drink, with great ambiance, and a sweet and earnest staff. It doesn't need a fancy font for its name. Or a fancy name, for that matter. Every time I come here, I leave stuffed and ecstatic... and more than a little sorry for my initial shallowness -- stupid stupid Self!  The worst dish I've had here was merely excellent. You think about that. Or better yet, finish your sangria and THEN think about that. In fact, that's my go-to move here: a full carafe of sangria, appetizers, and room for a jawdropping dessert. You might even see me in the corner, sopping up the last drops of cayenne pepper cream sauce from the shrimp appetizer like the drunken fiend that I am.  

                Consistently good food and friendly service. The back patio is a wonderful quiet and private place to relax and enjoy a delicious meal. The sangria is disappointing, particularly because they classify themselves as a sangria bar. Aside from that, nothing has disappointed.  

                Wings are fantastic! I need more! What a wonderful  diverse fun restaurant that we have here in San Rafael. Bill & Debra are very Eco friendly and always support their community Thank you for a great experience at your restaurant can't wait to come back.  

                I bought a groupon deal here. I've been wanting to try this place for a long time but never had the chance.   This place is a gem!!! Awesome good, great service. Everything tasted home made and fresh, the ambience was great and our server was extremely attentive and friendly.   It is a little pricey however.  

                Great spot! Amazing food and excellent service.  Little on the pricey side, but turkey enjoyed everything we had.  Highly recommend the sangria and the tapas.  Very chill atmosphere, will definitely recommend and return frequently.  Perfect place for a date night.  

                Yeah, this place is pretty darn good and gives Sol Food a run for their money. Had the veggie quesadilla and an awesome tapas dish of plaintains in a black bean sauce. Wasn't too busy on a Saturday night, which was cool as far as the fast service, but I hope they get busier because the place deserves a shot.  

