                Yum yum yum. It's a small little cafe style place so there's not much to be said about the interior but it does have some quaint outdoor seating (it's in the middle of a neighborhood so don't expect any romantic skyline views or anything). It was nice and quiet, we loved it.  The food -- on point. The Wooly Pig (pork) was magnificent; probably the best sandwich I've ever had. I know, some potential for hyperbole here but really I thoroughly enjoyed that sandwich and can't remember having had a better one. The Vietnamese Iced Coffee was delicious as well. I don't have any other recommendations, I got the Banh Mi which was good but I'd get the Wooly Pig over it any day of the week because it was that much better. Enjoy.  

                Cute little mom and pop cafe slightly off the beaten Irving St path.   The bagels are delicious-- I had the Nutella/PB/banana on sesame and my companion had the bacon/tomato/cream cheese bagel. They don't have wheat bagels, which is kind of a bummer. They were also all out of breakfast sandwiches at 1 PM on a Sunday (it's understandable since they close at 3 PM...and we can't all roll out of bed at noon and expect to get everything on the menu).   The coffee was a bit bitter for my taste.   There is some outdoor seating, but the cafe is pretty tiny so it's best for groups of 2-3, 4 max.  

                Since I had some time to kill while I wait for my Dad to get his blood work. I walked here to grab a few sandwiches.  A little bit on the expensive end but the bah mi was sooo goooood! Worth the money. I got my Dad the Tuna sandwich and he liked it.  I also for the ginger honey drink- I love ginger anything  

                Cute neighborhood cafe located on the backside of UCSF. Our office usually phones in our orders to avoid the long waits during lunch.   Must haves: The Briny Egg. So simple, yet so good!  

                I've been here about 5 times now and it's one of my go-to places for banh mi sandwiches after a morning full of classes at UCSF. It's pretty much the closest restaurant to the library so it's always the first place I have in mind when I'm sick and tired of the Milberry Union food court.   The service here is always nice and friendly. Food is made fresh and usually takes about 5-10 minutes so it's not dished out at McDonalds speed. They're also a coffee shop and serve espresso and Vietnamese style iced coffee which helped save me a trip to Starbucks because I was sleep deprived from studying and needed a pick-me-up to tackle the rest of my 9 hour school day!   Can't go wrong with the banh-mi here. The pulled pork sandwich is also money. The price is on the higher side, but they really stack up the sandwiches here so you do get your money's worth compared to the cheaper Vietnamese shops down the street.  This is a pretty small shop with like 3-4 tables inside and another 2 tables outside so if you manage to grab a seat it's worth dining there, otherwise just take the food to go.  

                Nice little Asian sandwich (banh mi, pork belly sandwiches, etc) cafe down the hill from UCSF Parnassus Avenue.  They also have some interesting beverages and desserts like honey ginger tea, lemongrass oolong, and thai tea panna cotta!    I got their wooly pig sandwich plus voodoo kettle chips and honey ginger iced tea.  Tea was very refreshing and had more ginger than honey which I liked.  Chips were okay - similar to Jalepeno chips.  Sandwich had a nice browned brioche bun that was crispy outside and fluffy inside - great.  Arugula was great too.  Where they fell a bit short was the pork belly - cooked tender with fatty bits but a bit light on sauce.  I expected a messy affair but the dark color and richness of pork belly wasn't there for me.  Previous pictures from Yelp 9 months ago showed a better looking sandwich.  Maybe with all the doctors and medical students in the vicinity are encouraging healthier eating  Still, a very interesting place and I will be willing to try them again if I'm in the area.  Walking back to UCSF up that super steep 3rd avenue will help burn off calories - so next time I will get thai tea panna cotta!  

                There are 5-star restaurants, then there are super-5-star restaurants that you keep going to until you try the entire menu.    I've never really been impressed by sandwiches, but Wooly Pig was love at first sight and I discovered my inexplicable addiction to Wooly Pig--however unappetizing the image of furry pork may look, and however shameful the pun of Wooly Piggin Out may sound.  The place is small and cozy, always with a nice breeze from the large windows.  The lighting isn't always the best though for food photos, so yes filters are necessary for Instagrammers.  It can get crowded during lunch hours, and I have encountered a gunner coffee camper who was aggressive and choosy (she hopped around multiple tables before deciding which one to snag).  In my opinion it isn't a great study spot, because the food is so distractingly delicious you forget about studying, and you start listening to the relaxing radio music.  Service is always friendly; the owner Lieng is very polite and takes the time to have real conversations with you.  In general it's pretty fast, but the wait can be longer when it's busy, as you can imagine the difficulty of preparing and toasting large volumes of sandwiches.  They have a set menu and approximately weekly sandwich/soup specials that are posted on their Facebook page.  Here is my verdict on all the menu items I've tried so far (yes I come here a lot):  (+++) WOOLY PIG: Classic.  Soft brioche, scrumptious pork belly balanced nicely with the ever so slightly bitter and nutty arugula (organic veggies always make you feel like you're eating healthy)  (++) BANH MI: Is it worth the $6.50?  Yes, quality is way better than the $3 ones, and the textures and flavors comes together nicely.  The French roll is toasted to perfection and cut magically in a way that all the layers somehow stay intact as you chomp through your sandwich, and it doesn't fall apart at all.  Be warned though, that if you are a picky eater and have never tried a Banh mi, I would suggest ordering something else.  I recommended this to a friend who took out all the daikon and pâté, and a little part of me died ;__;  (+/-) ASIAN TUNA: Not my preference because the tuna isn't that amazing, and I don't taste much of the lime or wasabi in the lime wasabi dressing.  The lettuce makes it bland, though the avocado makes up for it somewhat.  (+) THE VEGI: Healthy, wholesome, and colorful--didn't know beets and goat cheese would taste that great in a sandwich.  (+++) JALAPENO ROAST BEEF PANINI: Lieng recommended this, and it was (almost literally) the best decision in my life!  Their panini breads are wonderful, fresh and toasty without being greasy.  Roast beef and caramelized onions make an unforgettable combination, and surprisingly the cream cheese makes it ever more delicious, though they could go lighter on it.  (++) EGGPLANT CURRY PANINI: I could be vegetarian as long as this exists--another unexpectedly ingenious sandwich.  (+/-) CAPRESSE PANINI: I would pass; it's not bad but the Mozzarella cheese gets heavy and it's pretty much like a Capresse panini anywhere.   (++) KAHLUA PORK SPECIAL: Has a nice kick of spiciness to it, and the funyun chips add an interesting airiness and crunch.  A bit too much BBQ sauce, but overall unique and tasty.  (+) SPICY SAUSAGE SPECIAL: Unimpressed by the regular hot dog bun and the daikon and seaweed were strangely rubbery, but I admire the creativity.  (++) SPICY PORK MEATBALL BANH MI: Spicy pork meatball already sounds so good; stick it in a Banh mi and it's instant happiness.  (++) LIENG'S BAGEL: Again, heavy on the cream cheese, but the smoked salmon, everything bagel, and sprouts make a very satisfying brunch.  (+) BELGIAN WAFFLE: It's tiny for $2.50 and a bit too sweet for my tastes, but has the right balance of crispiness/softness of your dream waffle.  (++) VIETNAMESE ICED COFFEE: There have been many times I've stumbled in at 7am, needing the final boost to finish cramming for an exam.  The Vietnamese iced coffee never fails when I need the therapeutic equivalent of Red Bull, only it tastes much better.  Best quantity and quality of caffeine you will ever get for $3.  (+) THAI ICED TEA: A little pricey at $3.25, but it tastes very homemade, with lots of spices and good teas, unlike other places where it's mainly flavored by the condensed milk.  (+++) THAI TEA PANNA COTTA: Lives up to the hype!  It is pleasantly balanced in dessert-like sweetness, panna cotta creaminess, floral tea fragrance, and exotic complexity.  (++) MANDARIN ORANGE ALMOND PANNA COTTA: Good almond flavor!  Although it's not good for groups, it's great for a quick lunch with a friend near campus, showing your parents that SF has affordable food, or just indulging by yourself in a delicious takeout.  Thank you to Wooly Pig for being my supplier of all this delicious comfort food and high-dose caffeine just around the corner--I am certain that you will be a major reason I survive pharm school.  

                When the bf and I came here for lunch Sunday afternoon (around 1 or 2 maybe?), we were informed that most of the sandwiches were unavailable because they ran out of bread, but they still had plenty of paninis behind the case, and one Wooly Pig sandwich left, which I quickly jumped on.   Oh man. The Wooly Pig sandwich is absolute perfection. So much rich melt-in-your-mouth pork belly perfectly complemented by arugula and fluffy toasted bread. I'm actually kind of glad I don't live anywhere near this place because I don't know if I would have enough self restraint not to come here everyday.  

                Walked by while exploring my new neighborhood this morning and trekked back when my tummy was rumbling. Spicy pork meatball bahn mi and Vietnamese iced coffee. Total love affair. Can't wait to come back for a morning tryst with their breakfast sandwich.  

                I patronize small businesses because it is essential to support the local community.  The staff is generally nice and they tend to remember you when you walk in. This sandwich shop exemplifies what a neighborhood restaurant  should be: unique, cozy, and definitely delicious  I had the BBQ lemongrass chicken banh mi today.  Tasty, delicious, and the right amount of chicken to veggie ratio, but the ham banh mi is still my no. 1 pick   Listening to Depeche Mode and The Cure was a great touch while eating my sandwich :) btw, I'm not "that" old.  

                LOVE this neighborhood sandwich and coffee shop.   Food - The wooly pig sammy and banh mi are my favorites (both $6.50). I know for a Vietnamese sandwich that would be considered expensive, but they stuff the sandwich with quality ingredients and the bread is so delicious that I allow for a splurge here and there. As for the wooly pig sammy, definitely savory and filled with the tasty (and fatty) pork belly you would expect. It's something you have to try out! Also, the breakfast sandwich is equally as yummy with options of bacon or sausage ($5.50). I always choose bacon (of course!). A worthy guilty pleasure for those early mornings you're too lazy to cook up breakfast.  Coffee - I am a sucker for Vietnamese iced coffee ($3). Instantly lightens up my day when I order one of these babies. Their thai tea and espresso drinks are also good pick me uppers.  Customer service - Excellent. Everyone is so friendly and it really does feel like a personalized experience (yes, even when you're just buying sandwiches and coffee). It seems like the owner knows many customers by their first names! They have booth seats, 5 rounded tables inside (which can get a little stuffy) AND outdoor seating (a nice plus for variety!).  I'm so happy this cafe is only 1 block from my apt :)  P.S. Free wifi, no outlets really, but can be a study spot. They accept credit cards now! You'll spy a lot of locals here and UCSF students/employees.  

                Great neighborhood gem, owner is very friendly and also always remembers my boyfriends name :).  

                We're fortunate to live a few places down from this cafe and it has become a weekend ritual. The Wooly Pig sandwich is a favorite but order before 2 as it has been known to sell out. Always a great stop for a great, fresh bagel also.  

                Tiny place, clean, good sandwiches.  

                I was a bit skeptical about this place when I first drove by because it was empty.  We decided to give this place a try anyways.  Good thing I didn't pass this up because the sandwich was PERFECT.  I ordered the Wooly Pig sandwich, because I love pork belly!  It was marinaded to perfection, not too sweet, not too salty, with a handful of arugula covered in a sweet soft bread.  I wanted a second one, but we planned a foodie day and this was only our first stop.  It was defiantly the right place to start.   I will be back!  

                Hidden from main street. Hugo St is a side street  The Wooly Pig, a toasted brioche bun    Shanghai style braised caramel pork belly,     organic arugula,    pickled shallots  Banh Mi    Traditional Vietnamese garlic butter French roll w        pork cold cuts,         pate,         pickled carrots         daikon,         fresh herbs         jalapenos,         siriracha aioli  

                After eating at the Wooly Pig 5 times in three weeks, I feel I can justify my 5 stars:) I love this place, everything you order is made with care and is high quality. It is a small, intimate place with simple, cool design. I like the fact that the menu is limited, all the sandwiches are unique. My favorites are the daily Bahn Mi special, and the Briny Egg sandwich.  My son's review: the Wooly Pig is super duper gnarly!  

                I've tried the Wooly Pig twice now. The first I went with a friend and ordered their Banh Mi. It was delicious! The bread was well toasted, and the ham and garnish they added, though not typical of what a true Vietnamese sandwich should be like, tasted amazing.  The second time I swung by to grab a quick lunch on my way to UCSF. I ordered the Wooly Pig (Pork Belly Sandwich) and was slightly disappointed with the order. Although the pork belly was well-seasoned and delicious, the arugula they used was extremely bitter. I ended up just scraping all the arugula off my sandwich and just had the bread with pork belly. It was a letdown that I didn't have any greens in my lunch that day, but the Wooly Pig probably just had a bad batch of arugula.   All in all, a great place for lunch. I hear great things about their desserts as well, but have yet to try them. Next time!  Street parking is limited, as most of the time students and residents take up whatever scarce spots exist in the area, but if you circle the area a few times and are willing to walk a few blocks, you might find something.  

                "Yay!! I'm a fan."  Came here for a quick lunch this afternoon and ordered the wooly pig sandwich, which has shanghai style braised caramel pork belly, arugula, and pickled shallots on a toasted brioche bun ($6.50). When I finally got to bite into it, everything came together. The sweet, tender pork belly, paired with the bitter arugula was actually a really tasty combo. I usually hate arugula because of the bitterness and nuttiness, but it went with the pork belly really well. The Wooly Pig gives a hefty portion of the pork belly, and although with that, included is a hefty portion of fat, I didn't mind it at all! Normally I would pick all the fat off the meat but the fat made the tender pork belly even better and it wasn't sickening. The bun is also great!! Toasted perfectly with slightly burnt edges, it's super soft but also holds a nice crunch. Such a simple sandwich but also very satisfying.   I also had a bite of my friend's banh mi and that was amazing as well! I do prefer the wooly pig sandwich though because I can get cheaper banh mi at other places.  Also it's cash only!!  

                Solid sandwiches. Their wooly pig sandwich was almost like a bbq pork bun...but sandwich.  Banh Mi was solid, but their veggie pickling needs some serious work.   Lemonade was good. Thai Tea Panna Cotta was well done.  Atmosphere was nice, employees were friendly.  2 sandwiches, 2 drinks, 1 dessert, tip = $25  

                Very good stuff.   I worked my way through the menu over the last few months and have always been glad with the food. Had the briny Egg sandwich sandwich there last week for the first time. It was perfect.   Fast. Consistent. Great crew of real nice guys working there. I will come more often now that credit cards are accepted, it's hard to understand why it took so long for this to happen.  

                Making a mess.  Didn't see there was a choice of cream cheese or hummus on the Ruby's Choice breakfast sandwich. Wanted the latter. Got the former. Was doing to deal with it.  Except the extremely friendly and gracious man who took my order wouldn't hear of it.   He insisted on remaking what proved to be outstanding combo of hummus, crêpe style egg, tomatoes, sprouts and avocado on a bagel. So good on so many levels.  Same can be said for the triple shot Americano with a dash of sugar free vanilla at no charge. Sublimely smooth. Perfectly potent.  Finished with the roasted curry chicken sandwich special. Two thirds nonfat yogurt and one third mayo base. Sunflower seeds. Apples. French roll. Excellent.  Took home a cookie that was too big for the cookie jar. Literally. That's what the sign said. Later on it was a rich and buttery treat.   Everything a more than reasonable $5 - $10. WiFi is free though seating is limited at this small and intimate corner cafe with windows opening out to the neighborhood.  Sorry again for making a mess of the first order.  Thank you again for making it a five star experience.  

                My boyfriend and I love to have breakfast here. They open from 7 and close at 3pm. The coffee here smells pretty strong and I really like that. There are many kinds of sandwiches that you can order. My favorite one is the Pork Belly. It doesn't taste fat as it sounds. Everything is fresh. This is a small place inside but there is a wide space outside which is really cool.  

                The Briny Egg sandwich is deeelish and totally worth the kitten breath you'll have after. :) The now take credit cards too.  Service is always friendly here and everything I've tried has been top notch.  A great place if you are in the UCSF area.  Wish they were open later though.  

                I love this place, the sandwiches are delicious and the lattes are very good. Only draw back is the wait time if you happen to go there at the peak of lunch rush (12:30). If you go earlier or later on, not a problem, but the line can be out the door if you go at the wrong time. I did the last time I went, and I got free cookies to compensate for the delay, but it was still a really long wait.   I have had the tuna and pork belly sandwiches, and both are great. They also have a decent selection of interesting flavored chips. I had some Cajun dill the last time, and it did not disappoint. Great lunch place if you work at ucsf and go to lunch at a time other than 12:30:)  

                I came here after I saw my BFF's review of their Banh Mi. Was craving a sammy on my day off so I decided to give this place a shot. Typically, I mind paying more than $3.75 for a Banh Mi but the price of the sandwich didn't bother me too much here. It was packed w/ meat and each bite was quite unctuous. Bread was toasted perfectly. Pickles had a nice tang to it. Size is ok.  I made a phone order and they were fast on the order fulfillment.  Location is a bit odd which is on a quiet residential street. Parking sucks.  

                Ive come here a few times in the mornings on my way to the Haight for a walk to stop by for a Coffee. To be fairly honest I never found anything super spectacular about this cafe however the Coffee is always quite good, sometimes I have Tea instead. They have a Sandwich Menu which looks like it would be good for takeaways.I did notice that this cafe is a bit more pricey than Marthas, La Boulange, and Starbucks which are only blocks away really so this cafe unfortunately falls under them... There is wifi and seating and the cafe is pet friendly, however  'Wooly Pig' is a brilliant name though and for its name Ive added a star, I was originally going to give it two... although 'The Wooly Pig' does sound more like a Pub name than that of a cafe.   This cafe has a very neighbourhood feel to it. It is not good for groups or ill behaved chldren.  

                I've been enamored with the name of the cafe ever since I read it on Yelp many a weeks ago, but the restaurant hours strictly dictate that I can only taste the pig on weekend afternoons. I finally received that opportunity, and I'm so happy I tried the Wooly Pig sandwich!   The sandwich filling, consisting of braised pork belly, is reminiscent of an old favorite dish of mine - mei cai kou rou, braised pork belly with preserved vegetables - when I lived in Singapore. I'm beating myself over never having thought of using braised pork belly in a sandwich. The result is unbelievably delicious. The star of the show is clearly the pork belly, which is tender and sweet, but the sauteed onions and arugula make the dish so good. The sandwich is a must try if you love braised meats or just enjoy a great sandwich.  

                One of those times I feel Yelp has led me astray.  I was looking fwd to the jalapeño steak panini which apparently isn't currently available. I opted for the Wooly Pig (pork belly with arugula on brioche).  First off, I found it odd that it look 15 minutes for the food to come out although it was post lunch rush, almost 2 p.m.   Secondly, seating is very limited. 3 tables that seat two -- all of which were occupied when we arrived. Inside features some tables too but it is too hot for comfort.  Lastly, but most importantly, I was not impressed with the sandwich. It was good, but nothing memorable. The best part was probably the soft challah bread roll. There wasn't a lot of pork (especially compared to the servings that were given in the past) and I didn't enjoy the ample chunks of fat, I would've preferred more pulled pork instead.  All in all, not a bad spot to grab a sandwich.  

                Very cute place. We tried the wooly pig and special banh mi. Both were very good but came up short. There was to much fat chunks in the Wooly Pig and banh mi bread so so and needed more vegetables and heat.  With some tinkering these sandwiches could be epic, but right now there are to many other better places  Kudos to the owner who reached out to me regarding my comment... I am leaving my review until I can get back and see how things evolve there... But very impressed  

                WOOLY PIG SANDWICH.  You really don't need to read the rest of my review. Because the Wooly Pig sandwich is THE thing you have to get at the Wooly Pig Cafe.  But, if you'd like to humor me (or you've acclimated to my writing style), please keep reading :)  The $6.50 Wooly Pig sandwich is a toasted brioche bun chock full of Shanghai-style braised caramel pork belly, organic arugula, and pickled shallots (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wooly-pig-cafe-san-francisco?select=s6NlCFBBEcuAcJcU1Qhtdw#FMvIadLKmsLWu6tOpKE76A">yelp.com/biz_photos/wool…</a>).  What makes this a heavenly combination?  Let me break it down for you in 2 simple reasons.  1) THE PORK. JUST LOOK AT IT. (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wooly-pig-cafe-san-francisco?select=s6NlCFBBEcuAcJcU1Qhtdw#DpI9USV1yBCjTkDek4IDjw">yelp.com/biz_photos/wool…</a>) Succulent, melt-in-your-mouth pork fat with well-marinated-but-not-too-salty pork that is half-cubed, half-pulled-pork in texture can't go wrong. And, if you were raised by an Asian family, you'll know how to appreciate your pork belly to the fullest.  2) THE BRIOCHE BUN. I've never had a sandwich on brioche before (I usually eat brioche in the form of a glazed bun), and I know that I have to have it again. The bun is incredibly soft and fluffy, and the slight toasting gives it an amazing crisp. You can't help but scarf down the sandwich because it's so fun to sink your teeth into the bun! That rhymes ehehe.  Sold? I know you are.  However, their other famous sandwich is the $6.50 BANH MI, a garlic butter French roll filled with traditional Vietnamese pork cold cuts, pate, pickled carrots and daikon, herbs and jalapenos, and srirachi aioli (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wooly-pig-cafe-san-francisco?select=s6NlCFBBEcuAcJcU1Qhtdw#s6NlCFBBEcuAcJcU1Qhtdw">yelp.com/biz_photos/wool…</a>). Though I haven't tried it, my roommate sampled the two sandwiches within a span of 3 days (isn't she a fatty? Actually, she's anything but a fatty). She's not the biggest fan of Vietnamese meats, so her preference was wholly toward the Wooly Pig. Plus, pliant pulled pork + a brilliant brioche bun makes Wooly Pig the penultimate victor.  Their paper menu (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wooly-pig-cafe-san-francisco?select=5TBj87fcYwt_b4ZlmFv30g#5TBj87fcYwt_b4ZlmFv30g">yelp.com/biz_photos/wool…</a>) doesn't list their every-10-days-ish specials nor their drinks and desserts, which include their famed Thai Tea Panna Cotta, $3 (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wooly-pig-cafe-san-francisco?select=wr04o8jeq5bQPkdxUbFmoQ#wr04o8jeq5bQPkdxUbFmoQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/wool…</a>). The panna cotta is smooth and creamy, bursting with thai tea undertones. Would recommend for those with a sweet tooth.  But who cares!?  GET THE WOOLY PIG SANDWICH.  

                We walked over here after spending a morning in Golden Gate Park. We were famished and the WP looked like the right spot for some delicious sandwiches.  The signature Wooly Pig was unavailable but I tried the roast beef panini with super awesome jalapeno melted cheese - it was excellent. My sister had the bahn mi which was also very tasty.  The service was great as well - the owner was very apologetic about being so low on supplies as he'd clearly had a popular day and his kitchen stocks were low, but it didn't matter.  The food was awesome and the service was great!!  I hesitate to post this review because I don't want this place to get too overcrowded, but it is a gem of a find near the park.  

                Delicious breakfast sandwiches! I loved the avocado sandwich with the fresh greens. Great for vegetarians. I didn't gave their coffee, but noticed they had several nondairy milks. Would love to come back here when I am in the city again.  

                Situation - Lunch on a Saturday - Ordered the Banh Mi  Pros - Great and friendly service - The interior was clean and comfortable - The Banh Mi was a decent size  Cons - The Banh Mi was just ok - A little pricey at $6.50  

                I love sandwiches, and have been wanting to check out the fancy sandwiches at Wooly Pig Café. My friends and I stopped by to pick some up on our way to the Cal Academy of Sciences on a Saturday afternoon, and the café was pretty full around 11:30am. There were a couple of people in line, but we were able to order within 5-10 minutes. We got:  -Vietnamese Iced Coffee ($3, <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wooly-pig-cafe-san-francisco?select=QLCMPGNV3LH-i0DtL8adJg#QLCMPGNV3LH-i0DtL8adJg">yelp.com/biz_photos/wool…</a>): Yuck. Being part Vietnamese, this is not a good version of Vietnamese iced coffee at all. It was way too sweet and didn't have much coffee taste. Skip! -Banh Mi (Vietnamese Pork Cold Cuts, Pickled Carrots/Daikon, Fresh Herbs/Jalapenos, Sriracha Aioli on Garlic Butter French Roll, $6.50, <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wooly-pig-cafe-san-francisco?select=QLCMPGNV3LH-i0DtL8adJg#LasgPBuWlCNG4ndVrWYr8A">yelp.com/biz_photos/wool…</a>): Ok. I didn't like the cold cuts they used, and the French roll was too toasted/crunchy for my preference, and scratched up the roof of my mouth. The pickled carrots/daikon were just ok, and I couldn't taste the sriracha aioli. I wouldn't get this again. -The Wooly Pig (Shanghai Styled Braised Caramel Pork Belly, Organic Arugula, Pickled Shallots, Toasted Brioche Bun, $6.50, <a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wooly-pig-cafe-san-francisco?select=QLCMPGNV3LH-i0DtL8adJg#jKXN9jj2lBlJRXXufbPWfw">yelp.com/biz_photos/wool…</a>): Yum! I had a bite of my friend's sandwich, and it was delicious. The pork belly was super tender and flavorful, and I loved the brioche bun. However, this sandwich is definitely very fatty, and I don't think I'd be able to eat the whole thing on my own. Still recommended, though!  It took another 10 minutes or so to get our sandwiches, so I would recommend calling in your order ahead of time if you want to just stop by and pick it up. I would definitely come back for The Wooly Pig again, and also want to give their egg salad a try, so I'll probably be back at some point. Parking is super difficult to find around this area, so try not to drive on your own so that one person can double park while you run in to pick up the order.  

                Got the mozzarella and pesto sandwich, and it was ok. It wasn't grilled like some of the photos rather just toasted and could of probably done with a bit more pesto. It was pretty tasty, but I think I'm just jealous of what other people were getting. Their breakfast sandwiches look amazing!!! Definitely going back for one of those, and I can only imagine their rating being updated to a 5!  

                Love this little shop in the inner sunset.   Wooly pig and banh mi are yummy, but the vegi is surprisingly my favorite. I'm a good ole carnivore myself, but the sauce on this is awesome. They used to have a smoked salmon bagel sandwich that I would crave so hard on weekend mornings!!! If they have it, order it, it's awesome! Had a great balance of flavors and red onion and general deliciousness.  

                I had their pork meatball banh mi (special) and it was the classiest, tastiest banh mi I've ever had. It was a generous sandwich and the bun was not as tough as cheaper banh mis'. It was quite affordable and totally worth it. Also tried their honey ginger tea and it was refreshing.   Service was quick and Kevin (?) behind the counter was also quite pleasant. I'll definitely go back there again for a quick and affordable lunch.  

                Super cute neighborhood cafe but $6 for a small banh mi?! That's double the usual price! Oh well, gotta support the local shops. Wasn't a fan of the pork belly but the banh mi was GOOD. Would def get that again!  Cash only!  

                A little bit over priced but tasty nonetheless. I had the bahn mi and i was impressed. Service is a bit slow but that's probably because there aren't too many people working.  

