                Ordered thru grub hub lfriday night~  Had the lamb and it was scruptious!!! We also ordered the Super Gyro, Dulmas, spanakopita and kids chicken skewers.  All were delightful. We weren't crazy about the lemon chicken rice soup BUT it was cool!  Prices' are way good for portion size and the QUALITY of their food is great. Fresh produce especially and the meats were well marinated and tender.  I hope this place stays around forever~  

                Long wait for your food but prices are super cheap. I had the vegetarian combo plate..  Dolmas were okay, falafel was bland and over fried but the Greek spinach pie was good.  Fiancee had the meat combo plate and it was pretty tasty but dry.   They also have huge portions and I actually enjoyed their donut/beignet dessert thing. It was fried dough on a bed of sweet honey and powdered sugar.  Haha so good.  

                Ordered the combo and shared with my girlfriend. Still we could have had some leftover. Food was fresh and delicious. The perfect sauce accompanies the skewers. My fav was the lamb but that's usually my fav. Added bonus there's a parking lot in the back. Only downside is that it takes a little while to get your food, but it's worth the wait!! Yum yum!  

                This whole month I've been itching for Greek food. Not gonna lie, I've been to 4 Greek restaurants in the last two weeks. That's a lot for me.  Of course, I found this gem thanks to Yelp and I can see myself coming here a lot since it's dangerously close to where I work.   I ordered a pork souvlaki plate and it came with rice, pitas, and a salad on the side while my boyfriend got a chicken plate. The meat was cooked very well. I loved the seasoning and the portions were fair. The pita bread was so soft and easy to chew, I was sad and wanted more even when I was full.  For appetizers we ordered the fries which had the feta cheese on top and we also ordered calamari. Both were irresistible, so we had to get them. The breading on the calamari was a little too much, but it's nothing to complain about.  I can't wait for our next trip back!  

                I went here a few times many years ago. We had lots of gyros. We even ordered a moussaka tray once. They were quite good as far as I remember. I couldn't really put up a review on those old experiences, so I went again today to see how it held up.  There's a small-ish parking lot in the back that for some reason has a height barrier. They must have had issues with big rigs taking refuge or something because I didn't see any low tunnels in the back of the lot. There was no wait for ordering at around 2pm, well past the lunch rush.  The Gyros Sandwich is $6.95, so they need to update the prices on their takeout menu. It's simply grilled spiced lamb and beef slabs, tomatoes, onions, and tzatziki on a grilled pita. It's quite good, although it didn't blow away my taste buds as I'd hoped. The white and spicy sauces in the bottles did help somewhat by adding some creaminess and a mild-medium heat.  Service was great. The lady at the register asked to clarify if I wanted tzatziki ($0.45 per container) when I asked for extra tahini with my to-go gyros (whoops). She also asked if I wanted a cup for water. Nobody else at any ordering counter has ever asked me that. Also, the cook told me he'd wait until I was done to cook my to-go order (and he did).  I'm definitely looking forward to finding a gyro that truly impresses now that I've revisited the place where it started for me. I just wish this had been the one as I thought it was.  

                Gyro wrap here is delicious and super filling! I normally always just order the gyro wrap by itself and always have trouble finishing all the meat because they give you SO much!  Sometimes I want to order fries or try the super gyro plate but I hold back because I know it's seriously so much food. The pita for the wrap is super soft. Love the taziki sauce and the fresh tomatoes. This is a great place to grab a quick bite for lunch. They have indoor and outdoor seating. Prices aren't too bad either for such large  portions.  

                I have been working in this neighborhood for 10 years and I just now discovered this place. I MUST be working too hard. During lunch, I was playing with the Yelp app while I was eating my salad, craving a lamb dish. This was the first or second Mediterranean restaurant that came up. I almost had something delivered but the delivery fee listed on Yelp was outrageous. I don't remember how much it was but my $12 lamb souvlaki plate plus delivery would've been like $30. Uh...never mind! So I called my hubby to meet me here for a snack and drove here as fast as I could right after I got off work.  There were only a few cars parked on their lot when we came here around 4:00 in the afternoon. There was no line at the register when we walked in and the wait for our food wasn't long at all. Everything on the lamb souvlaki plate was absolutely perfect. The salad was fresh and their homemade dressing was very good. The lamb was tender and delicious, especially with the rice and tzatziki. I also ordered their hummus and I enjoyed it tremendously with the warm pita bread. We were both full and satisfied after we devoured the plate.  I'm already planning on what I'm going to order on my next visit!  

                Yay I thought, they deliver! So here I go, adding food to my cart and getting all excited when I then read "minimum order must be $40". Ok...let's add some calamari and some baklava! Bam, $40 achieved add a tip and my (very elaborate due to this minimum amount) dinner for two is now over $50. Here we go let's press the order button!   Yeessssss....NO! Because all of a sudden I am supposed to pay $72. Eh...why? Well let me tell you. There is a minimum tip (so don't add one if you want to get your food delivered or you will be tipping twice) and mine was $9 then there is a delivery charge (fine) and a convenience charge (wtf?). That's kinda nuts right?  

                I love this place, i had not been there for about over a year because I moved to Oakland but I finally decided to take my boyfriend here. We have eaten greek in the past we both know that we like it. Right away I ordered the lamb plate because I know I like that. My boyfriend usually gets the gyro pita when we get greek but he followed my lead and got the lamb plate as well. The whole time he was eating he was saying "this is so good" "this is so good", "thank you for bringing me here", "Greek is my favorite food". I already know I love this place and I'm so glad my boyfriend does too. The cucumber sauce is soooooo good, the sauce in the white bottle brought to your table is good too i just pretty much squirt it over my whole plate  yum yum yummmmm!.  

                We were somewhere in Bascom doing some grocery shopping when I decided to check out my brother's Yelp app and check out the nearest yelp-recommendation. Among the list it provided I found Yiassoo.  Now my brother haven't been to a Greek restaurant so I thought it would be nice to check out this place.   FYI, the hubs had previous dreams of eating gyro....which he mentioned minutes before browsing through the Yelp list.  (hmmm I think the Greek demigods are onto us..)  So we drove up a couple of yards to this place and found a nice parking spot just behind the building. The place looked small and dainty. neat color scheme outside with the Grecian colors were all over the place...yeah even the outdoor table tiles where blue and white. Inside looked more of a diner place with indoor plants and outdated furniture....it was neat and dainty ( yeah said it twice...just proving a point!)  My brother ordered the gyro sand which whilst I had the lamb souvlaki sand which. The hubs ordered the chicken skewer plate with rice and my picky cousin wanted...hamburger and fries (I tried not to roll my eyes here...I really tried!). Oh and we also tried the fried calamari.   The fried calamari was interestingly good. They put herbs on the batter and then fry the squid strips. Taste wise it was great with the cocktail sauce, just Ok but perfectly seasoned with out the sauce. Now if you do try it with the Tzatziki sauce...it becomes heavenly light...seriously NOM NOM!  The meat ratio to the sand which was way more decent...I ended up finishing the fluffy soft bread and still have a couple cuts of lamb on my plate. The lamb was soft inside but has the crusty grilled edges that I especially like. The hubs say that his chicken was good and tender but the rice needs more "ompt". He finished his plate with a happy face and an equally happy tummy.  My brother liked his gyro but by the end of it he just said that it was OK. We did grab a bunch of fries from my cousin's plate cause these are huge cut fries and it was heaps on his plate. My cousin's only complaint is that the fries were so huge that it made him  full so he couldn't manage to eat his burger....(mental note: check out kiddie meal next time - Haha!)  Over all me likes the place and the food. The counter guy were giving us the look of passivity when we ordered and paid for our food but he was nice enough to give us forks for our calamari. However they went cheap-o with the table napkins.  FYI. you need more than one napkin when you eat any of their sandwhiches unless you want to come out with food stains on your mouth and shirt. (There must be a better way of eating gyros without making a mess...but I need more practice!)  

                The Gyro I compare All Gyro To  I had my first Gyro as a sample at the mall food cort back 79 or 80. Gyro meat and tatziki I had never had anything like it before and would be a life long fan. I found it with this place. Great classic atmosphere,  friendly help, and delicious gyro.  The Super Gyro is my fave, and what I compare all other lesser gyro to. The Super is loaded with meat, feta and garlic sauce. You get your own bottle of tatziki and hot sauce with your order to add as much or as little as you want. Never found that anywhere else and I love it. The garlic can be intense,  but it is wonderful. I've been living in Sacramento for the past few years and can't find an equal.  

                At Yiassoo, you get yummy food and good portions.  I had this place bookmarked for a while and my college roommate and I decided to try it.  It is a small restaurant off the side of Bascom with a small parking lot in the back.  It is counter service style where you order at the register.  Since it was our first time, we took a while to order.  The lady at the register was very patient and helpful when it came to suggesting what to order.    I ordered the pork souvlaki and my roommate ordered the beef souvlaki.  We both got our plates with fries. The plates consisted of our meat sliced pita bread, fries, a mixed vegetable salad topped with feta, and a dollop of yogurt cheesy goodness.  There were also two bottles of sauces that we tried.  I really enjoyed the spicy sauce and I doused everything on my plate with it.  The beef was nice and juicy, the pork was a bit dry, but it did not matter after I added the delicious spicy sauce.  Overall, this is a great place to stop and get good food. There is both indoor and outdoor seating if you choose to sit in front of the restaurant.  They have very reasonable prices and I will definitely come back to try their baklava and hummus.  

                I ordered the regular gyro and my friend ordered the gyro plate which has fried and a salad. My gyro was HUGE, the meat was average..I've had better gyros. I think the tzatziki sauce & flavor of the meat makes The gyro,but this place didn't make the cut for me. My friend also ordered a side of pita with the tzatziki sauce. The tzatziki was plain,but the pita was nice and warm. I'll go here since it's close to school,but I rather be at Athena's grill.  

                I made my own tzatziki sauce after I had some here. I have always enjoyed Greek and Mediterranean cuisine but I have never been obsessed over it until recently. I blame Emmalouise.   Went here on a whim after my run at the Los Gatos Creek Trail. I wanted something healthy. I wanted to try some place new. I wanted something inexpensive. Though my plate is $9.99 but it was worth every penny. It made me feel like I was cheating the business because I was only charged $9.99 and tax on an incredibly tasting meal. I ordered chicken skewers and fries for my kiddo.  The wait wasn't long and I adore the service. The girl that rung me up was friendly and patient w/ me. The lady that bought out our meal was also friendly and had such a warm smile.   The chicken was tender. The rice was light and fluffy albeit bland. The pita bread was light, complimenting the cool tzatziki sauce that came w/ my entree. The salad was fresh and the vinaigrette was tangy. I wanted to order another plate as soon as I finished this. I then quickly made the decision to buy a side of tzatziki sauce.   It was to die for.   I'd come back!  

                I tried the chicken kebab platter. The chicken was not very flavorful and bordered towards being slightly tough and dry.  

                Came here bc we were driving through and got really hungry.  My BF and I ordered the falafel (comes in 8 balls with sauce), lamb souvlaki (?), and gyro sandwich.  Service was great, nice staff.  I can't remember if we got tahini or tzatziki sauce, but everything was good!  Or, maybe we were just really hungry.. I doubt I would ever  be in the area to return, but if I am, I'd stop by here.  

                Everything about their food is so fresh. You can taste that they use fresh ingredients and an uncompromising commitment to just creating good food. No marketing hype, no sexy women on the menus trying to lure your inner man, they're not trying to be something they're not. Doesn't feel fake. Just a humble place creating great food.   The place can be small for large parties, but they have seating outside. The service was very friendly.   I tried their falafel gyro with fries, so great. They'll also give you bottles of sauces that go well with your meal. Their portions are very fair. Not huge, but not so small you leave feeling cheated. It's FAIR. Expect to pay around $10-11 for a plate, or gyro with a side. I've tried the gyro at Falafel's Drive In, which is also pretty great, but I'd say this one is my favorite.  

                Went here this past weekend and ordered a steak sandwich and gyro sandwich each under $10.  Good portions and great tender cuts of lean meat and the pita tasted awesome.  It's more of an open faced sandwich on pita bread.    This is a fast food type of establishment so don't expect linens, silverware and  table service.  You order at the counter and they bring the food out to you.     I'm giving it five stars because the sandwiches were excellent.  I'm going back.  

                My go to for gyro especially the salad.. delicious! Huge portions with lots of meat. I especially enjoy that they also give you a few pieces of pita bread to go with it. My favorite hands down  

                Not a fancy place (you order, pay, sit and be served) in a casual atmosphere with a mixed crowd. The food, however, is my opinion deserves good rep, as is really good. I had the gyros salad and was delicious and fresh veggies. Good taste and big quantity. We were a group of 4 Europeans trying to be heavy on the critique side (is this really Greek food or not type of discussion). Who cares when you are hungry and in awesome company! Not for a romantic date as lacks the cute factor we girls like.  

                Ugh, the gyro sandwish - SO GOOOD DROOOOOOL.  I'm not Greek but this tastes/feels authentic. I'd even say it's better than the Falafel Drive-Thru and that's saying something! The customer service is OK. I always take mine to-go and it's pretty much in and out.   Feta cheese is bland and if that's authentic, give me the fake stuff! Plus, it's like 75 cents more so it's really not worth it.   I live down the street so I come here every couple of weeks to get my fill.   Also, portions? HUGE.  Always ask for hot sauce! They never give it to you if you don't ask.  

                We came here for lunch yesterday on our son's recommendation. It's a stone's throw away from the Pruneyard shopping center.  Our order for lunch was the following: lamb souvlaki plate, chicken souvlaki plate and beef souvlaki plate. There are bottled and can drinks available.   I had the beef entree and found it tender and flavorful. Our son brought to the table plastic bottles-one filled with a spicy sauce and the other with tzatziki sauce. We tried both on our beef and chicken and it was good. The chicken entree was tender and the marinade imparted a delicious flavor profile to what could have been a bland chicken dish. Since I don't eat lamb, I can only say my son and husband both liked the tender lamb entree.  As we were full from the generous serving size of our plate lunches, we were unable to order dessert! A large table next to us ordered three plates of loukoumathes, fried doughnut looking small balls, sprinkled with powdered sugar. Baklava is also available.  There is a small vegetarian section in the menu as well plus an assortment of side orders. A kids menu is available too.  If you plan on having a party, you can order party trays so you don't have to cook!  We will come back and try other items on their menu.  

                Decent Greek delivery. Ordered the chicken super souvlka  pita thing, falafel balls, hummus with pita and baklava.    The super chicken souvlka thing had a ton of chicken in it. Like almost too much chicken. It was moist and had a serious char flavor, too much char for my liking. The sauce on top was yummy with a little salt added.   Hummus was decent but had to add salt and lemon juice as it was a bit bland.  Falafel was a bit on the dry side but great dipped in the hummus. The sauce it came with is terrible.   Baklava was decent.   Delivery took about 1:25 minutes and I'm around 10-15 minutes from here.  Must have been busy?!?!?  

                I tried this place out few times, it was ok, not much to rave.   I thought they're kinda skimpy on the meat comparison to other places in town.  

                Second time here and my order was incorrect. Got a Gyro plate, a side of calamari and a Coke $21.57. Pricey for just one person. Food was fabulous served hot and very fast service. I came about 1150 AM at 1230 the line was out the door. Looks like an old Taco Bell but way better food.  I am not a fan of onions but I can make an exception-here. I will be back. Four star due to high price and wrong order but next time may be a 5 star.  

                I have tried the yiasso veggie plate and falafel plate. basically their plates on the menu comes with fries, ranch, salad, hummus, dolmas (based on what plate you choose). The portion is kind of really big for 1 person.   Their falafel tastes good. You pre-pay for your food and they will get the order to your table in like 5 to 10 mins. some times the serving may take time based on the crowd. They have a nice outdoor seating for summer. A perfect mediterranean place for lunch. Falafel-drivein compares better to this place but these guys cannot beat them.  

                Being that Yiassoo is right near our house, I have been there several times. I didn't realize it was considered such an amazing place until I heard so many people suggest it.   It is great, the servings are huge. I love their gyros (the only thing I've had), and I would definitely suggest it to someone looking for a good gyro. It's a small establishment, but the staff has always been really friendly and nice.  

                Authenic and delicious Greek food, but the dishes are a bit too oily. Restaurant is very small and casual. Overall, I didn't think it was worth the $10-12 for a salad/plate.  The chicken souvlaki salad was way too dressing-heavy. It was drenched in olive oil, and took away from any flavor the chicken once had. The chicken alone, however, was a bit dry. The fries were also a bit soggy.. I don't recommend the feta fries, which were just regular fries with slabs of feta cheese (hence the name) on top.  However, the one thing I do recommend is the gyro sandwich! The gyro meat is so flavorful, so moist, and so yummmyyyy.  

                I was so excited to find a Greek place around Campbell however came out very disappointed.   The moment I stepped into this "restaurant" I became glad that I made a pickup order and didn't drag my family out to this place.  Food quality: 2/5 Food quantity: 5/5 Service quality: 2/5 Establishment atmosphere: 2/5 Punctuality: 2/5 Order accuracy: 2.5/5  The personnel wasn't friendly and overall the place's atmosphere is akin to some run-down burritoria.   I've picked up an order which I placed online and I came to pick it up and told them my name - they gave an absolutely blank stare.   So they unearthed the order which by the time I had come should have been already ready for pickup and we went over all the items ordered - one by one.    Then, after they had finally packed it up and we went over the items again - they nodded in agreement but when I came home I discovered that the order was screwed up.  So alright, perhaps they have bad service, not the first-tier establishment accommodations but what about the food?  Average to mediocre as far as the food quality goes.  Not Dish-dash or Agape grill or Oppa or Vasiliy's in Santa Cruz.  

                I think I prefer the Cupertino location over this one.. but they still have the best pita bread in town, IMO...   and I still love their gyro sandwich (probably because of the soft puffy fluffy pillowy pita bread)...      I do think that the salads could use more meat (MOAR MEATS!) and maybe less out of season tomatoes.   Out of season tomatoes make me sad.  Cherry tomatoes perhaps?    Falafel are just ok.  I prefer a lighter, crispier falafel.    Awesome customer service, though.. and the loukemades and chocolate baklava are delicious.  

                Unfortunately I have to take two stars down for horrible customer service I received the past two times I visited the place . Really disappointed .  

                The only thing I get here is the Gyro.  Again GRYO ONLY, hence the 4 stars.  I think by far this place has the best Gyro meat.  Yes, Opa is great but when it comes to the Gyros Yiassoo has the vote.  It means a lot that they still cook it on the spit and carve the meat to your order. Full of flavor and soft not hard or crunchy like other places...hehem Opa. The pita bread is soft and thick enough to hold the substantial amount of meat it comes with.  The tzatziki that tops this great sandwich is filled with red onions, parsley, and tomatoes it gives it a great pow in your mouth.  I like to ask for the sauce on the side that way I can control that pow!  Your breath can seem a bit fire dragonish after, so bring your mints.  Plenty of outside and inside seating.  The cooks are great, but I do have to say that cashier girl tends to have a bit of a tude.  Could be that ESL but still, put a smile on your face lady. The desserts are actually pretty tasty so I will give my A-OK to try. None the less, my stars are strickly for the GYRO.  *Note, what NOT to get: chicken sandwich=dry; fafafel= dry and hard; greek salad= sad  

                I love this place! They have Gyro of all sizes: Gyro Sandwich, Super Gyro (sandwich plus 1 side) or the Gyro plate (which comes with 2 sides).  Or you can get a gyro salad if you are on a no carb diet. Either way, it all depends on how hungry you are when come here.   Service is efficient and the people are friendly. Food is fresh and delicious. There is parking in the back or on the side street. Never had a problem finding parking. Oh and the price isn't bad at all for the amount of food you get.   Its a must go, you won't regret it.  

                I always go here for my Greek fix. I always order the super gyros plate, or just the sandwich or the mousaka plate. The meat is always so juicy and tasty. They give huge portions for a great price. Don't forget to get some baklava for dessert. So light and sweet and flaky. So perfect!  

                Best gyro by far! This is the only place I get gyros.  Love you guys!  

                Every time I come here to eat. ( Once a week or more) The food is delicious!  The pictures do not lie the food tastes as good as it looks and everyone I bring there ends up loving it too.  Its my favorite restaurant.  I love the Chicken souvlaki and the Tzatziki and pita bread.  

                LOVEEEE YIASSOO!  I've brought so many people here because I crave it now and then! Every time I come, I am greeted with a smile. I like their beef, lamb, and chicken plates. Their gyros are good too! I especially like how they add pita bread onto the plate with hummus. Normally, I would only get to eat the rice and meat at other places and would have to order those things as a separate appetizer. The food is great and the meat is not dry!  

                They offer good Greek food for a responsible price.  I would recommend this to anyone that is searching for a quick bite to eat without breaking the bank.  ($25 for two people)  I would just wish they would give a slightly larger portion on their fries.  That is my only avenue of discourse.  

                Omg! First time here and the food is fresh and very good! I love their greek salad and gyro plate!!! I love it!  

                Just went to this little gem last night. Cute spot, friendly employees, & very tasty food. I got the chicken gyro plate (sandwich style) w/rice. The fries are to die for!!! Also got the fresh donut holes sprinkled with cinnamon, powdered sugar, & syrup! It was pretty amazing. The only thing I would do different is get the yogurt sauce? On the side. A bit overwhelming for me. No complaints other then my personal issue. ;) Highly recommend it!!  

