                The best place in town to get your Japanese food fix. Yo's rocks! I haven't found anything I didn't like on their menu. Their food preparation, cleanliness, and customer service are perfect 10's.  My go to here are the Lion King and Dragon Rolls. They're addicting! I often order their tempura and unagi donburi as well. BOMB! I've tried other donburis elsewhere and they're often too salty for my taste. Not Yo's tho! As for desserts, they serve green tea and mochi ice creams. What more could you ask for?  The downside? The place is too small and it easily gets crowded. Who cares though if the food's this good? Very affordable too!  

                Great place in Fairfield to get some good takeout sushi. They almost always get my order right. The prices are decent. The portions, while some have seemed to shrink (sashimi) are decent. Try the Travis roll, O Happy Day, Monkey Balls, Sushi and Sashimi.   Be forewarned, it's a small place with limited seating. There's usually a line, but you can get your food in under 20 minutes.  They're always looking for a cashier. What's up with that?  

                I found this place by accident when I was driving by and needed a break and decided to try some sushi and combo meal  the quality was excellent and well prepared, everything tasted fresh , the Tempura was perfect! I especially enjoyed the combo Bento box style meals, my favorite.  I would say this is one of the best sushi restaurants in the area  the place looked very clean and well taken care of and the service was pretty quick  the prices were also very reasonable and not too expensive  

                Great sushi spot have been coming here for years but finally decided to do a review now. The food is always good. The fish for me has always been very fresh. Why 4 stars? The location isn't bad, but the building is. The ground inside is almost completely slanted and it's tiny and packed. Invest in a new larger location please Yo Sushi! You guys are always packed as well. I'm sure I'm not the only one thinking this.  

                For the price it's d best in town, but I don't know why this was my only 2nd time in more than 14yrs. & my first check-in.....my hubby been to Japan for Military assign. & he said that d place looks exactly like in Japan & very authentic so I'll guess, I visit this place more often. Keep up the great work  

                The cherry blossom roll and three times last roll is amazing I love how you can phone in a order. Definatly will be returning here and if you want to dine in be prepared it is small and sometimes long lines. So if you happened to get a seat be ready for people's butts to be in you face lol but awesome sushi and friendly employees and they have RAMUNE!!!!! And japanese beers if your looking for that  

                I finally got around to trying this place out one day for lunch. I was told by a friend to call my order in to go and not even try to eat in as it is too small.  I called in a Volcano Roll & Dragon Roll. I headed over and found the place right away. I walked in and it was teeny! Hardly any seating (but it was full of people) and there was a line for people waiting to pay. I finally made it to the front of the line and paid.. in and out in under 10 minutes. The sushi was pretty comparable to their newer Vallejo location. The only thing I noticed was that the Volcano Roll was a little lopsided with rice (hardly any on one side of the roll and my roll fell apart). I will definitley be back to try my other Yo Sushi (Vallejo) favorites!  

                It's a really small place the floor is slanted and so are the tables. I love there are pictures of each roll on  the menu. The sushi is tastes good and looks good. I'm giving them 3 stars because there space is real small. Floor is real slanted. Sushi is good. But today I came in had the Hawaiian poki and was really upset. I don't know if it was just this time but I'm never getting it again. There was barely any poki in it. Surrounded by lots and lots of vegies. Poki was cut super small like m&m size. I was just pissed. I don't like to complain cause I'm paranoid of retaliation (spit etc.) But I was able to finish all the poki on that platter in less than 20 secs. Sushi other wise is great. Just real upset over poki.  

                Yo! I'm hooked!  Ever since one of my other favorite sushi places in Fairfield has been taken over by new management, I thought it would be time to check out a new sushi place. I came across Yo Sushi via Yelp and saw the positive feedback from my fellow Yelpers. I decided to give Yo Sushi a try. Upon entering the cute little Yo Sushi shop, I was greeted with a smile by the most charming sweetest cashier on the planet. I ordered the Angry Lion King roll and once the ordering was done for take-out, I gave the cashier a good tip for her friendly service.   Usually it takes the staff about a good 8-10 minutes to make the sushi, but if you're ordering a complex warm roll like the Angry Lion King expect to wait a good 15-20 minutes for it to be done. Once my order was done, I took a bite into my Angry Lion King and was mesmerized by the special sauce they used for this warm roll. Just be aware the Angry Lion King can be a messy roll with the crab and special sauce on top, but I promise it's worth the investment. :)  Overall, the food delivered as well as the friendly service. This will probably be my to-go sushi joint from now on because of how well everything was delivered. Be aware that this place is tiny, so I would recommend ordering take-out instead of eating in. I will be back Yo Sushi to try some more rolls and maybe some of your Hawaiian Poki. :D  

                Love this place! I am a bit of a sushi snob and this place hits the nail right on the head! It's a small quaint place so ordering to go is perfect for this stay at home mom with sushi cravings. They are fast and efficient. The menu is vast and everything i have tried has been amazing. I can't forget to add that their prices are unbeatable!  

                i've been trying to find another sushi joint since the owner of ichi maki sold and the new owner turned it into a korean joint nobody goes to. yo is a decent spot to get sushi, the sashimi is just right, but some of the rolls seem over done and often over cooked. simplicity and good quality ingredients beat hype any day, it's all about the notes you don't play. this place is more show than go, it gives you a feel of what a sushi joint in japan is like when you step inside, the staff is friendly and the place is clean. the sushi is decent, but doesn't hold a candle to ichi maki!  

                My first time trying sushi was at Yo Sushi about a year or two ago. It was a good first time experience.  It is a tiny restaurant but the food is great! I suggest if you are in a rush or you don't want to wait standing around for your food, you order it over the phone and pick it up To Go.   My recommendation to pick from the menu is thee Super California, Black hole, Lion King with Unogi sauce on the side or the Fantasy.  

                This is one of the best sushi places I've ever eaten at hands down!!!  

                Yo Sushi is probably the best sushi restaurant I've found in Travis AFB area. The rolls are unique and made with fresh fish, the wasabi is made fresh daily, and the service is always friendly. They are also fast for the massive lunch crowd and the prices are incredibly reasonable. The only downside is the limited seating, which makes it hard to eat in during the busy hours.  

                OMG this is the best take out sushi place in the area! We are working our way down the menu, trying every sushi roll and havent had a bad one yet. But if its your first time you MUST try the Yo Nacho appetizer!  

                We wanted to try this place out to see what everyone was raving about. Let me get to the point: if you love sushi or sashimi, or had the real deal in Japan, you won't be very impressed.  On the sashimi: freshness and taste of the fish is of utmost importance. The sashimi we ordered was bland and the toppings they put on it cannot hide this fact.  On the angry lion king: unless you're an adventurous food lover (Jiro should not even see this creation), you may want to stay clear from this one. Too mushy and I couldn't even tell what I was eating, it was all one big blob of some indistinguishable ingredients. Okay, it's California roll on steroids. If you love this creation (it's pretty darn creative BTW), go for it.  I'm willing to give this place another shot in hopes to find something I would like.  

                I order to go. I usually get the sashimi with the California roll for lunch.  

                The sushi was good and they have a good selection. We didn't have to wait long for our food. The employees are cheerful and helpful. I will be back  

                Some of the best Sushi in town. I love the fact that I can call in same day and get a sushi platter in 20 minutes. The wall of sushi (pics of all their rolls) makes it easy to try new rolls. The Lion King roll is so sweet it's sushi for dessert. The seating is limited, so be prepared to wait for a seat or get it to go.  

                This place is so small that you could literally drive by this place not knowing this place existed. I have been coming here since I've moved to Fairfield and they are by far the best sushi place in the area. Coming from Hawaii, for me to say this place is good means a lot. They have a set menu along with a few specials. I suggest trying as many items as you can because they're all different and worth trying. The fish is fresh and everything is made to order. I suggest bringing a menu with you and ordering ahead of time for pick up because there is very limited seating.  

                The Fantasy Roll is delicious and the lunch special is a steal! Have plans to make my way through their entire menu to find more favorites. Just wish it were a little bigger, the place fills up quickly and as soon as it's cleared out another stream of people fill the place up--not a bad thing, just a little claustrophobic. Their Vallejo location is much more spacious and inviting for a sit down meal, but I think this location has the slightly better chef--so I'll stick to taking a trip to Fairfield and ordering takeout.  

                My favorite place for sushi in Fairfield. The rolls have a great flavor, and prices aren't too bad, averaging about $9 per roll. A very wide selection of rolls to chose from as well, so I'll definitely be back to try them. Service is good; I've never had to wait too long for my food, and the people working the registers have been friendly every time I've come in. They also play K-pop music videos on their TV, if you're in to that kinda stuff. The only downside is the limited seating. The place can only seat about 15 people, so don't be disappointed if you have to order to go.  

                The sushi here is really good. My favorite so far is the Dragon. I love it..I also like that they have pictures of all of their sushi rolls on the wall for you to see so that you know what your roll looks like before ordering it. It encourages to try new items because you can see it and know what's in it before ordering. The place is small so it's not always a guarantee that you will get a seat. I always get my food to go. Its also a good idea to order over the phone and then pick up. Its much quicker and easier. But overall good sushi! Thanks Yo Sushi!! :)  

                This is one of the best places for your sushi fix. Food is always the right temperature, fresh and tasty. Anytime I have ordered, my food was ready when it should have been and it was delicious.  As a reviewer I'm super hard on businesses (see for yourself) so when I give 5 stars it really means something.  My favorite roll is :angry lion king no tobiko  

                Terrible! It was our favorite place for sushi for a long time until they started making portions smaller and smaller and the quality of the food has dropped. is sad that a good restaurant as soon as they get a lot of clientele they start making bad changes to save money.  Good luck to them.  

                As many others have surely stated, the inside of this place is cramped. But despite it's size this place puts out some awesome flavors and everything tastes fresh as can be. I've been here many times and the rice on the rolls is never gummy or chewy; instead it's cooked to perfection and not used as the primary roll ingredient. Too often I'll get rolls elsewhere that are 70% rice and it's a major disappointment when they are.  Today I shared orders of Spicy Tuna and Philly rolls with a friend and both were just what we expected. The Spicy Tuna roll didn't have anything but tuna and spices or sauce mixed into the filling, just as it should be. The tuna was also still cold by the time we got it home, a good sign that it's stored as it should be. The Philly roll was great too, not overloaded with cream cheese or rice. Just right. Overall, a great sushi meal for both of us!   My only complaint is how small the inside is. It's just difficult and/or not appealing to stay and eat my meal here. It's either packed, too loud or both. I've stayed and eaten here once and made the mistake of sitting by the door where everyone is lining up by your seat. Blah, we just get our sushi to go now and it's just as yummy there.   We love Yo Sushi in my family and with good reason! Great rolls, good selection of fresh food and the staff is friendly. We called in our order and were quoted 15 minutes, we got there in 10 and it was already ready to go. Worth a visit!  

                Good food, but dam cheap bastards just spent $40 and they want to charge $.25 for hot sauce... Bs  and greedy  

                By far the best sushi in town. Even though the location is small we always find somewhere to sit between the counter or table. I love their lunch special.. Chicken Teriyaki and California Roll. The pictures of each sushi roll is and added plus. I like to see how it looks if I am trying something new. We go at least once a week  

                Very good sushi here. Great prices for the kind of rolls you can buy. Usually really busy but still get your orders in a timely matter.  

                It's all about the dynamite roll and lobster rolls!! The lemon salmon roll is also one of my favorites!  

                Ok, I hardly ever stop in Fairfield since it's a city I just don't think of great food. Anyway this time was different, I was super hungry for something and looked at my Yelp app and found Yo Sushi. Yelp really came through for me as this was the best sushi I've had in many years at prices you cant beat.  It's a strange looking place, maybe an old gas station and the floors are uneven, but the serce and food is made to order and prompt.  

                My husband and I stopped by for lunch. He ordered the lunch special and I ordered the angry lion king roll. I knew it would take a lil bit of time to prepare the roll so I ate a lil bit of my husband bento box. After waiting 20 mins, I ate my roll and it was ok. I expected better. The roll fell apart and the rice was lil bit hard. Even though he didn't try it he said "the execution of that is terrible!" The California roll that was in his bento was better than my $9.50 roll!! At least one of us enjoyed our lunch...  

                My cousins live in Fairfield and I never knew about any sushi place until I yelled around and found this spot. Yaay for sushi. This place, although it's small the food makes up for it. Yummy. The workers are cool and they know how to hook up up. Although I've only been here twice and I don't know if there are other good sushi places this spot is a must.  

                I have been coming here for over a decade! Great customer service, awesome sushi, and jpop and kpop always on tv. Plus they have beer and ramune, so suck it!  

                mmMMm who doesn't love some sushi?   Yo Sushi has been voted #1 sushi place in the fairfield/suisun area by readers of the Daily Republic since 2008. Their sushi roll prices are pretty typical and range from $6-9 each and up to 4-8 pieces. For a party of 3, you can expect to pay around $35 for 3-4 rolls, which is a pretty good deal for sushi. They have the common sushi rolls like california, dragon, crispy... and also really great ones like crazy monkey, bonito dragon and deluxe crispy. That's probably as good as you're going to get for these prices, so I would def. recommend stopping by here if you're craving sushi! You can also order to-go and there's parking behind the restaurant if you just want to stop by and pick up some lunch or dinner.  

                Been coming here for years now and really still enjoy the food they have. I'm hooked on the Monkey Brain. They are not high end, but the price/quality in spot on. Makes me happy.  

                Not many sushi options in this part of town, and it was pretty late, so we checked this place out. Its a former burger joint-turned Korean run Sushi Joint complete with fancy western style sushi rolls and creations with K-Pop playing on the TV screen.  Watch your step because this cramped little spot has a little "ramp" when you go up to check out their menu selections. their "sushi bar" area (if you wanna call it that) is kinda awkward because the people eating in that area stare inches away from their menu/wall and there is no interaction with the sushi chefs  The only thing I remembered was the Uni and Saba nigiri. They were okay. The Rolls we ordered had fancy names and they were okay as well. We are SO SPOILED with sushi options in Vegas, and we're IN THE DESERT!?!? Go figure.....ALOHA!!!  

                This place is awesome as far as the quality of the sushi. It is great for take out considering that there is limited seating inside but you cannot beat the quality of the fish. I love the classics here as they are relatively cheap and they are always prepared quickly. Easily the best Sushi in Fairfield.  

                Best tasting sushi in the area!!! I've been going here since it opened. Not only is the sushi good, but so is their Udon. Love this place!  

                My boyfriend and I absolutely love this place! If we are ever going through fairfield we make a point to stop. Their party platter is huge and has so many different rolls to try, not to mention so affordable. Their bathrooms are in desperate need of some TLC but I'll still give them 5 stars, it's that good.  

