                Place is the real deal.. I never write reviews.. But I had to because this place is promise... One love.. Order the chicken son..   1 love...   Dont forget..    Peace.  

                so maybe I should have skimmed yelp reviews/tips first but in case you're wondering: spicy means they saute the meat in some sort of hot chili sauce paste whatever. when I asked if it's just a sauce they add on top the reply I got was "we make it spicy" ..ooookay.  vagueness notwithstanding, I just went with it anyway because the mystery was killing me  in the end, I am happy to have a new nearby spot for gyros. aaaaand it was just as good as the gyros I used to get from my usual spot Gyro Express (which, I think have went down in quality in the past few years, but I digress). I just hope the service there isn't always as slow, because my wait was ridiculous (almost 20min) considering there weren't any customers in there that didn't have their food already  one more thing, if you missed it elsewhere, its CASH ONLY! there's a bofa ATM in the same plaza though  

                Food here is good most of the time., and the people are really nice!   Combo platter was bomb. I tried to order it the first time, but was given a falafel platter instead...but when I ordered the second time I double checked before I left. Falafel platter was good, but I love med meats. lol.  

                It's a little sad when great customer service, no - a good person - is so rare that it strikes you. Anyhow, the dude here is awesome, super friendly and helpful - so considerate (he's conscientious about what's playing on the TV if kids are around!) and accommodating. The food was fresh and tasty, felt great being there, felt great eating there. This will def be a go-to spot for me now!  

                Had their combo plate and philly cheese steak sandwich...all we have to say is MASHA'ALLAH! love the food, the service and the people who work there! Keep up the good work guys!  Not to mention, they are HFSAA certified!  

                Randomly dropped in to this place with a friend, I ordered the Beef Gyro and my friend got the Lamb Gyro. Most other places I've been to do a beef/lamb mix of the meat, but regardless it tasted great. The fries were crispy and the hummus was also amazing. The store owner was fun and very friendly.   On the downside, they only take Cash, so be prepared! The store is a bit small and they were a bit backed up the day I was there, they also ran out of Balkava, and only have canned drinks.   Would be back!  

                Pretty good place for gyros in the area. I've tried almost everything on the menu but I usually stick with the lamb wrap. The meat is tender. They have a good ratio of meat, veggies, sauce and lavash/pita bread. The lavash and pita breads are also nicely cooked. Not super thick, cold or hard. The staff is friendly. My biggest complaint is that it's cash only and they take a long time to complete their orders.  

                This place is has the best Mediterranean food in the area, or.. ever! I tried the lamb plate. Pretty huge serving and the meat was very tasty. My only complaint is that they're closed on Sunday's. The staff (maybe the owner too?) behind the cashier was friendly. I'm excited to try their other stuff! Don't forget to bring cash.  

                The Best Afgani food I've ever had. Thanks to my office friends who are Afgani and introduced me this delicious cuisine's heaven. I don't write reviews a lot , but this place is worth it. Chicken Gyro and Chicken Philly are my favorite.  

                doesn't like any sauce on her food.  New place, great taste.  Will be coming here for my afghan from now on!!!  

                First time I called to make an order, they had run out of falafels and fries.  I had to cancel my order because there were a couple vegetarians in our group and the veggie wraps weren't going to cut it.    Second time I came in, they were out of falafels and fries again because the fryer was malfunctioning.  I went with a Lamb Gyro and Spicy Chicken Wrap.  The guy quoted us a 10-15 minute wait but it ended up being around 25-30 minutes.  There were no updates on when our food was coming out either.  I don't get why the food took so long to be made because I didn't see an excessive amount of takeout orders.  When we finally got the food, both the gyro and wrap had really dry meat.  I did like that both were packed with meat and other fillings because we actually felt pretty full besides the fact that we ate practically at 9pm.  What was really upsetting was that everyone in the restaurant got free bottled water except us.  A big group got it because they were obviously friends with the owner but another couple, whom he didn't know, got free waters as well.  The couple had came in after us and hadn't been waiting as long.    I'm disappointed because my friend's company caters from this restaurant and she has only had good things to say both about the food and customer service.  Unfortunately I didn't experience much of either.  

                They have a wide variety of items, chicken wrap/plate being my favorite.  Meat is tasty, with good flavor. One star less for taking only cash.  

                Came here due to the great yelp reviews.  But I may have hit an off-night for just a to-go order.  Ordering through yelp inflates the price by quite a bit so I would suggest ordering over the phone and pay with cash in person.  When I called, the staff told me to come in half an hour.  When the time arrived, there was nobody in the place on a Friday night and they lost my order.  So had to wait a bit to get order of Combination Platter and Gyro.  Food was OK, nothing to rave too much about.  Next time, I'll just order in.  

                This place is the best for a quick gyro fix. They are family owned and operated and it doesn't get more cozy than this. Be sure to ask for the fries and extra Tzatziki sauce  Cheers  

                The food here is absolutely delicious. I tried three things so far and they are all the best around: Philly Gyro, Steak Gyro, and Chicken Wrap. Place is HFSAA certified, so they get the best and most expensive meat available. It is also nice that the guy in front always offers to put on cartoons for my daughter.  Cons: They don't accept credit cards. They never have any Chapli kabobs! No bathroom, but they do have hand sanitizer and wipes. Place is on the small side and ambience is not great  Did I mention that the food was really good?  

                Got some food from the grill - Chaplin Kabab plate and a box of Boulani. Very tasty but about 40 minutes to get my order. Overall, good place for food and groceries.  

                This place was just fine after an afternoon of hiking. Probably not at the top of my list for Mediterranean food, but decent for what they market themselves to be.  The platter was a good cross section of their popular dishes, but the gyros looked good, too.  The good: reasonable food. The bad: styrofoam plates. :(  

                Sitting here, just finished my food, decided why not write my review now. Decent price. Friendly service. And food was good. We got the Philly cheesesteak and the lamb gyro. I wasn't sure about ordering the Philly cheesesteak at a gyro place, but everyone yelped that it was good so I gave it a try. I thought it was good, but I still favored the good ol lamb gyro better. You can pick how spicy you want it, which is cool, too. Medium was just the right amount of spice. I'll def come back!  

                Had the lamb wrap with fries. Pretty tasty. Nice & fast service. I live down the street, and will definitely be back. Was looking for a replacement for Gaters, and this is it.  

                CASH ONLY.  Tried out Zam Zam Grill in the Walgreen's shopping center on Decoto & Fremont Blvd in North Fremont.  I was the only customer.  Order at the register & wait for the food, they'll bring it to you.  I got Lamb gyro $5.99 & order of dolmas $2.50.  It took a while to get my food, at least it's made to order.  Lamb gyro they asked if I wanted it spicy, sure.  It was spicy, but I can handle it.  Taziki sauce helps too.  I asked for extra on the side too.    Dolmas were small & only 3 to an order.  Nothing special about them & served cold.  Meal was $9.23 for my 2 things & tax.  CASH ONLY.  They have Netflix Streaming so you can watch a movie while eating.  I saw a bit of Mr. Bean - dumb movie!  No public bathrooms I could see, I went to McDonald's instead for the bathroom.  

                I rarely give things five stars, but this place is simply at the apex when it comes to wraps. Me and my girl come here all the time, it is in the same parking lot as the McDonalds. Even if you're not in the mood for a wrap/gyro the burgers are solid. I love the combo plate and chicken wrap. The ONLY draw back is that they only take cash, so make sure you have some handy.  Everything is reasonably priced.  

                Definitely my go-to spot for affordable Mediterranean food. There's a few tables to dine in, but I see this place as more of a takeout joint. I would call in and order ahead of time, since it usually takes 15-20 minutes for your food to be ready.   My favorites are the chicken plate and the combination plate. The portions are pretty good for sharing.  

                Geat halal food for a reasonable price and a very friendly environment they have great menu and the taste is absolutely fantastic. I strongly recommend this place.  

                Dubs game starting on TV + need for quick food + desire to knock off a bookmark = trip to Zam Zam. I'll try (no guarantees here) to keep this review short and sweet.  Fries (2.25): Huge portion; not freshly fried, though. Bah. I despise old fries (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zam-zam-grill-fremont?select=Olz4WasWs6eMIk7uTwkS8Q#yjocUQk2jzcEa4KJfOKliw">yelp.com/biz_photos/zam-…</a>).  Steak gyro (5.99): (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zam-zam-grill-fremont?select=Olz4WasWs6eMIk7uTwkS8Q#8fuExDTnnjBrPys9Luvz4g">yelp.com/biz_photos/zam-…</a>) Veggies were fresh, but they give you ONE slice of tomato for the entire sando! Come on, if you're going to be cheap like that, then at least cut it in half so I can have bite of it throughout. Thankfully, the meat was well seasoned and mostly tender. A few pieces were on the extra crispy/dry side, but overall, it was the redeeming part of my meal (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zam-zam-grill-fremont?select=Olz4WasWs6eMIk7uTwkS8Q#RevFm6FHTWnLTdIvlZj93A">yelp.com/biz_photos/zam-…</a>).  Now, I have to admit I have a pet peeve: I hate when places fail to ask you if you need any condiments. I don't know why, but it really gets under my skin, especially at fast food joints like this. They didn't ask... and even when I did, they seemed hesitant to fork over the teensy tinsy containers of sauces (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zam-zam-grill-fremont?select=Olz4WasWs6eMIk7uTwkS8Q#KXd45SqcdGfzjYiEwWNfOw">yelp.com/biz_photos/zam-…</a>). Honestly, the tzatziki wasn't tangy enough and the hot sauce was extremely ordinary anyway. You can keep your sauces if they're that precious to you, yeesh.  Ultimately, I'm just not sold on this spot even if the steak was decent. I mean, there are much better Mediterranean eateries elsewhere with tastier meats, more flavorful condiments, and HOT fries. I'd rather dine at those places. Besides, I don't really see myself coming back here a second time.  Side note - I noticed the workers pronounced gyro as jye-ro instead of heeeeeero.  

                Very good food.  I only gave 4 stars because they were out of the Chapli Kabob so I got lamb gyro instead. My daughter got the chicken plate and we both loved our meals. I like that they give you a choice of spiciness for the meat. I got medium spicy. I'm definitely going back to try the Kabobs. The guy who works there is super friendly and polite. They are cash only.  

                Solid food. Tried the chicken, steak, combo, lamb and falafel platters and all were super tasty. They were out of kabobs so that will have to wait. Also looking forward to one of their cheesesteaks in the future. The guys working there were super nice, too.  

                Great food. Great quality. Family run business and they're some of the nicest people. I used to eat here two or three times a week. Given I used to work two doors down but they never disappoint. My favorite two things on the menu are the chicken plate and the chicken burger! Always spicy too.  

                This place is the best in Cali by far -they make everything from scratch !! Best Chapli Kabob ever ! Family runs this business and they put their heart and sole into the food !  Don't miss out !  

                I have been to this spot a couple of times. I've tried there Philly Cheesesteak and there chicken wrap. The chicken wrap I was not a fan of. The chicken just tasted funny, not sure if it was just that one time or always.   Anyhow, the Philly Cheesesteak is bomb!! The meat is good and so is the overall quality. This is my favorite meal here at Zam Zam.   The service has always been great. I have ate inside the restaurant one time and the vibe was ok. It's hot in there. I usually order to go, and they always get my orders right.   Now the ugly, they are CASH only! And they are closed on Sundays. Bummer  

                Couple of things 1) They need an ice machine for the drinks.  2) I like the free bread at the Olive Garden. Haven't been there in a long time, I remember it being good.  

                This is a small hole in the wall place next to Walgreens. I had the vegetarian platter with two falafels, and two dolmas, rice, hummus, tzatziki, pita, and salad. The plate was okay. The falafels were dry and the dolmas didn't have any flavor. The hummus was okay, and the salad had too much lemon dressing.   My hubby had a combo plate with chicken and steak, and he said that the meat was good.  I've had better food.  Cash only.  

                One of the better gyros I've had in the bay area for the cheap price.  Beef/Steak Gyros: my fav so far.  Very tasty and tendor.  Spicy Chicken Gyros: I wouldn't recommend this. The chicken was diced and shredded it seems.  I would have wanted the gyro pieces like I had in other places like the steak.  Everything else is the same as the steak gyros.  Would definitely go back!!  

                This place is awesome hands down one of my favorites. I got the philly cheese steak I know it's weird seeing that on a Mediterranean menu but it was phenomenal it's an American and Mediterranean fusion that works really well together. The hummus was delicious too. if I could I think I would like to make this place my work office so I can just eat this food all day. Just note this is a cash only place so make sure you have some of that handy when you come here  

                Worst place to eat.  Owner's thinks he's always right and customer are always wrong.   He thinks he's doing the customer a favor by doing business with them.  Anyway , their food is a health hazard.  Avoid it.  

                Customer service was awesome just upon waking in. It's a small place with really good food, great vegetarian items, and again, fantastic customer service! Only drawback was that it's cash only.  

                Pretty tasty Lamb Gyro. Small place, cash only. Food is a little slow to come out of the kitchen but it's a small place and we came with 4 people all ordering different things. I think there is only 1 guy back there working. They were nice enough to let us know the food might take a while before we ordered so that was nice. Overall a good gyro and good fries to go with it, all decently priced.  

                Why do you only accept cash? That seems VERY lazy, cheap, unprofessional, unfair and shady. Why is your Philly cheese steak a gyro only with melted American cheese on top? Very overpriced--wont be back...too many options in Fremont.  Common among non American clientele that they would think this place is the "end all" of American style fast food. I am really waiting for a legit, American style-non grease pit halal place to open up. Instead of pre frozen greasy food. I guess we halalgrubbers love our machine, nitrate gyro meat instead of real fresh ingredients.  

                I love the lamb plate here. I ask for the spicy version of it.  Tip: Call and place your order before reaching the place. Also it is cash only.  

                I wish i could give them 10 stars. My husband brought home some halal fast food and to my surprise it was the best cheese-steak i have EVER had... Literally.  I had the philly-chicken so it was loaded with chicken, onions, bellpeppers, and my favorite part mushrooms! My husband had the origional philly cheese steak and he loved it to the point where he wished he bought another one to eat for sohoor. On the menu it says that it comes with swiss cheese but they use cheddar cheese which is soo much better and really good.  My husband and I are regulars now.  I literally could eat this everyday, and im the picky one between us two. Best place to eat, and i have already told everyone at work about it! Keep it up! :)   -Tqfy513  

                Great food! I had the combination plate to go, and it was great! The meat is tender, and the spices are delicious! I asked for mine extra spicy, and it was still mild for me. The tzatziki sauce is wonderful, and the hummus is tasty. I highly recommend this place for lunch. It would have 5 stars if they accepted debit cards (as cash only places are not my favorite) and had a quicker turnaround on the food ordering (since the wait after ordering is about 20 minutes).  

